Golden State Warriors News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Golden State Warriors guard Buddy Hield (7) goes to the basket against the Utah Jazz during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images Rob Gray-Imagn Images
Buddy Hield Makes NBA History in Golden State Warriors vs Houston Rockets
Originally posted on Golden State Warriors on SI
By Farbod Esnaashari  |  Last updated Nov 2, 2024 11:05 PM ET

Throughout this early season, Buddy Hield has been nothing short of spectacular for the Golden State Warriors. It's only been six games, but Hield has made history for the team numerous times, including tonight against the Houston Rockets.

On Saturday night against the Rockets, Buddy Hield moved up to the 20th on the NBA's all-time three-pointers list.

Buddy Hield surpassed none other than the Lakers head coach JJ Redick for position of the 20th spot. The next three names ahead of Hield are Joe Johnson, Dirk Nowitzki, and Jason Kidd. It's very likely that Buddy Hield gets as high as the 17th spot within a few short weeks.

Against the Houston Rockets tonight, Hield put up 27 points, 7 rebounds, and 2 assists on 64/60/75 shooting from the field. Hield did it all in 32 minutes off of the bench and made 6/10 three-point attempts.

Even without Steph Curry, the Golden State Warriors have figured out a way to win three straight games against quality opponents; they've defeated the New Orleans Pelicans twice and also the Houston Rockets once.

The Golden State Warriors finished Saturday night with a surprising record of 5-1, which is good for the second seed in the Western Conference. If the LA Clippers can figure out a way to defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder tonight, then Golden State will be tied for the first seed.

The Warriors will be facing the Washington Wizards next on Monday night.

This article first appeared on Golden State Warriors on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
76ers reveal bad injury news for rookie guard Jared McCain
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
Jason Kidd Responds After Klay Thompson's Worst Game Of The…
NBA
NBA Rumors: Suns, Jusuf Nurkic, Lakers, Austin Reaves, Bucks

Suns The Suns have one available first-round pick and three second-round picks. But the most significant asset could be Jusuf Nurkic, whose $18 million salary makes him a potential piece for any deal. However, any big move involving a star would require trading Bradley Beal, who is currently earning $50 million, and there’s the complication of his no-trade clause. The Suns made it clear that both Beal and Nurkic are no longer starting, signaling their intention to potentially move one or both players as trade options develop. ESPN’s Brian Windhorst has pointed out that Phoenix’s trade avenues may be limited, but their focus on a “stretch big man” remains clear. Basically, the Suns have the most stringent trade restrictions of any team in the modern era, but their pursuit of a deal isn’t off the table. They are said to have quietly shopped Beal, with whispers about potentially landing Jimmy Butler in a larger trade. The looming question for Phoenix is whether they can truly build around Kevin Durant, given that his contract expires after next season. Without a major shift, their window to contend could start closing fast. Lakers The Lakers have three tradable first-round picks and two second-round picks, giving them a decent arsenal for making a deal. They also have several midsize contracts that could be aggregated in a trade, including Gabe Vincent ($11 million), Rui Hachimura ($17 million), and the injured Jarred Vanderbilt ($12 million). But Windhorst points out that the Lakers’ flexibility on the trade market hinges on how willing they are to move key players like Austin Reaves, who’s having a career-best season. So far, the Lakers have shown no inclination to part with him, making their next trade more complex. Los Angeles did make a significant trade earlier this season, acquiring Dorian Finney-Smith, but the jury is still out on whether they’ll make another. Their primary need remains perimeter defense, but the question will be whether they can find a deal that improves that area without sacrificing their prized assets. Bucks Milwaukee is operating with a limited set of trade assets. They have one tradable first-round pick and one second-round pick, and their main salary assets include Brook Lopez ($23 million) on an expiring contract, Khris Middleton ($32 million), and Bobby Portis ($12.5 million), both of whom have player options next summer. As Windhorst highlights, the Bucks are well aware that they are up against second apron restrictions, meaning they’ll have to navigate the financial landscape carefully if they intend to swing a deal before the deadline. At any rate, Bucks GM Jon Horst has a long history of being aggressive at the trade deadline, and his efforts have made Milwaukee a more formidable contender in the past. This year, however, the Bucks’ financial restrictions complicate their ability to go after big names. Still, as Windhorst notes, the front office is actively looking for ways to upgrade, particularly in terms of perimeter defense. With Giannis Antetokounmpo entering the latter half of his prime, Milwaukee is in “win-now” mode, making a trade likely if it significantly enhances their championship chances.

NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NBA
Denver Nuggets Reportedly Have Trade Interest In 8-Year NBA…
NBA
Timberwolves’ Anthony Edwards says monster dunk vs. Magic doesn’t…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…

The Montreal Canadiens' forward Patrik Laine is currently missing from the lineup. Unfortunately, tomorrow he will have to miss a fourth consecutive game. Over the past few hours, numerous theories have circulated regarding the true reason for Laine's current absence, and some fans were particularly concerned about his knee. However, the Canadiens' organization has just provided clarification. The real reason for Patrik Laine's absence at the moment, and the real reason he is not accompanying the team to Washington, is that he is still not at 100%. A clarification regarding Patrik Laine See what the excellent journalist Eric Engels published. The Canadiens indicated that Patrik Laine skated alone, but he is not yet back to 100%. He has been absent since the end of last week due to 'flu-like symptoms.' - Eric Engels And the clarification in question: For those wondering, the Habs say there is no other issue preventing Laine from playing at the moment. - Eric Engels So the virus is the only reason for his absence. We wish him a quick return to 100%, and it's obviously good news to learn that everything else is fine for Patty. Let's remember, earlier today, the Canadiens announced that Patrik Laine will not travel with the team to Washington for tomorrow's game. Laine, 26 years old, 6 feet 4 inches, and 208 pounds, has 10 points in 13 games this season with the Canadiens, including 8 goals.

Entertainment
25 iconic songs produced by The Neptunes
Boxing
Liam Cameron vs Ben Whittaker 2: Queensberry Fire…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…

The New York Jets have a few big question marks that need to get sorted out early in the offseason. New York needs to find a new head coach, a new general manager and figure out whether Aaron Rodgers will be the team’s starting quarterback in 2025. All three of these questions go hand in hand. Will Rodgers come back for one more year? That's up in the air. Rodgers seemed melancholy as the campaign was wrapping up but did look good in the season finale. Although the season didn’t go as planned, Rodgers’ numbers are surprisingly good. He finished with 28 touchdown passes to just 11 interceptions while tallying 3,897 passing yards. If you were to see these numbers not knowing the team’s record, you would probably think the Jets were in a much different position than they are now. Rodgers still seems like he has something left in the tank, and if the Jets don’t want him back, maybe someone else will. CBS Sports’ Cody Benjamin made a list of the top quarterbacks who will be available this offseason and predicted landing spots. He predicted that Rodgers will end up signing with the Tennessee Titans on a one-year, $25 million deal. “The former MVP's numbers are deceiving: While he avoided a rash of turnovers in his first healthy year with the Jets, the former Green Bay Packers star was mostly a non-factor for a dismal New York offense, which is ripe for a total overhaul,” Benjamin said. “At 41, he's simply looked much more his age away from Lambeau. "Projection: Signs with Titans on a one-year, $25M deal.” Tennessee has the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft and likely will take a quarterback. It wouldn’t be the worst idea to have a young guy sit for a year and watch Rodgers if he decides to leave New York.

NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
Catch you later: The best whodunit movies
NFL Quiz
The '2024-25 NFL passing touchdown…
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NHL
Vancouver Canucks goalie Thatcher Demko breaks silence on…
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec faces a new…
NHL
Intriguing Trade Proposal Emerges Between Vancouver Canucks…
The worst NFL teams to still qualify for the postseason
NHL
Bruins Sink To New Low In Loss To Lightning
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
NHL
Sam Montembeault Makes a Big Request to Canadiens Coaching…

At a press conference earlier today, goaltender Samuel Montembeault made an interesting statement involving Jakub Dobes. Montembeault once again demonstrated just how great a teammate he is. He has just given the green light to his bosses to play his young teammate more. "Doby deserves to play more." - Samuel Montembeault These are words that Monty said in front of reporters earlier today, and I absolutely think it's worth mentioning. It says so much about Sam. Samuel Montembeault sends a strong message regarding Jakub Dobes Here's a more complete excerpt of his statement. Let's mention that it wasn't even the reporters who brought up the topic; Montembeault himself decided to bring it up. "Right now, Doby is playing really well, and it's important that both of us continue and always give the team a chance to win." - Samuel Montembeault He then added this: "It's going to give me a little more rest, and he's playing well too, so he deserves to play more. With the busy schedule this year and all the traveling, I think we'll be able to share that well, you know, like this weekend, we have another two games in two nights coming up." - Samuel Montembeault What a great attitude and what a good teammate! To listen to the full press conferences, it's right here (Samuel Montembeault's starts around the sixth minute). I thought this statement from Montembeault, and about Dobes, was absolutely worth mentioning, because not every single goaltender would react this way to the emergence of a young goalie pushing from behind.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Warriors News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/buddy_hield_makes_nba_history_in_golden_state_warriors_vs_houston_rockets/s1_16988_41168441 
 ----- 
