मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
ICC T20 World Cup 2021 First Round- All you need to know
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Oct 17, 2021 | 17:22 IST
The 2021 T20 WC begins in UAE and Oman with the first round that will see four teams qualify for the Super 12.
The 2021 T20 WC begins with the first round in UAE and Oman   |  Photo Credit: IANS
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
The 2021 T20 World cup's first round began on Sunday
Abu Dhabi, Sharjah and Muscat will host the first round
Two teams from each group will qualify for Super 12

After a five-year hiatus, it is finally time for the T20 World Cup once again. The 2021 edition is upon us with the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Oman hosting the competition this time. The tournament was supposed to take place in India but due to the worsening COVID-19 situation in the country, it was shifted to the middle-east. 

Before the big names enter the competition, the tournament will begin with a first-round which started on Sunday. Four out of the eight teams from this round will make it to the Super 12 that is scheduled to start on 23rd October. 

Here is all you need to know about the 2021 T20 World Cup's first-round 

Which teams are taking part? 

The international cricket council gave the top 10 teams in the ICC T20I rankings on 31st December 2018 direct qualification into the event. Out of which the top 8 teams got a direct ticket into the Super 12 stage. The remaining two teams which were Sri Lanka and Bangladesh qualified for the First Round. 

Meanwhile, six more teams join them at this stage after securing qualification in the 2019 T20 World Cup Qualifiers that took place in UAE. It is worth noting that the qualification had initially taken place for the 2020 T20 World Cup that was set to be hosted in Australia but the postponement of the tournament due to COVID-19 pandemic meant the teams were given entry in the 2021 edition. 

The eight teams taking part in the first round- Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Netherlands, Papua New Guinea, Ireland, Namibia, Scotland, and Oman. 

What are the fixtures? 

The eight teams are divided into two groups with four teams each. Group A consists of Ireland, Namibia, Netherlands, and Sri Lanka. Meanwhile, Sri Lanka, Scotland, Papua New Guinea, and Oman make up Group B.

Group B matches will take place at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi and the Sharjah Cricket Stadium. On the other hand all Group A matches will be held at Muscat's Al Amerat Cricket Stadium. 

RELATED NEWS
BAN vs SCO T20 World Cup live streaming: How to watch Bangladesh vs Scotland match live telecast on TV and online in India?
Team India at ICC World T20: Group stage schedule & squad; key players, strongest starting XI
Just another match for us: Virat Kohli downplays hype of India vs Pakistan match at T20 World Cup

Who will the qualified teams play? 

The winners of Group A and runners' up of Group B will join Australia, South Africa, England, and West Indies in Group 1 of the Super 12 whereas the first-placed team of Group B along with the team finishing second in Group A will come into the Group 2 which consists of India, Pakistan, New Zealand, and Afghanistan. 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/icc-t20-world-cup-2021-first-round-all-you-need-to-know/824237 
 ----- 
