SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
GHANA
AFRICAN FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
TENNIS
BASKETBALL
ATHLETICS
TRANSFER NEWS
OLYMPIC GAMES
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
CAMEROON PUT TURMOIL BEHIND THEM WITH EMPHATIC WIN OVER CAPE VERDE, GAMBIA WIN BIG
Cameroon put turmoil behind them with emphatic win over Cape Verde, Gambia win big
Reuters,
08.06.2024 15:43
Updated 08.06.2024 18:27
Vincent Aboubakar scored twice for Cameroon
Profimedia
Captain Vincent Aboubakar (32) scored twice as Cameroon put weeks of turmoil around their national team behind them to beat the Cape Verde Islands 4-1 in their World Cup qualifier in Yaounde on Saturday.

The victory puts them level with Libya at the head of Group D with seven points from their opening three matches in the preliminaries for the next finals.

Centre-back Michael Ngadeu marked his return to the team after a two-year absence to put Cameroon into a 13th-minute lead, rising determinedly to power home Nicolas Ngamaleu’s corner.

The left wing also provided the assist for a second goal 12 minutes later with a strong cross that Aboubakar turned into the net from close range as the Cape Verde defence backed off.

Jamiro Monteiro pulled back a goal in the 37th minute, running in behind the home defence and getting on to the ball before goalkeeper Andre Onana.

But a foul on Ngamaleu three minutes later by Deroy Duarte gave Cameroon a penalty that Aboubakar converted to restore their two-goal lead.

The Indomitable Lions went 4-1 up when a 54th-minute cross into the opposing box was headed forward by Ngadeu and finished off by Nouhou Tolo.

The home side's day was complete when Onana saved a stoppage-time penalty from Kevin Pina.

Key match stats
Flashscore

Cameroon have been to more World Cups than any other African country but their bid for a ninth appearance in North America in 2026 threatened to be derailed in a spat between the country’s football federation and sports ministry.

The government, who pay the salary of the coach, named Belgian Marc Brys as the new coach in April to the chagrin of football federation president Samuel Eto’o, who was not consulted on the matter.

He at first rejected Brys, then bowed to political pressure to accept the appointment but wanted some of his own choices added to the technical team. It took several weeks of posturing and power plays, including denying the team equipment to train with, before a compromise was reached.

Seychelles, who are Africa’s smallest country and have never won a World Cup qualifier, were holding Gambia to a 1-1 stalemate at half-time in Berkane, Morocco, where Gambia had to move their home match because they do not have a suitable stadium in their country.

Four unanswered goals in the second half, however, saw Gambia record their first win of the campaign. Muhammad Badamossi scored twice and there was also a goal for the 19-year-old Yankuba Minteh, who has been linked with a move to Liverpool.

MENTIONS
Football
African football
World Championship
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Vincent Aboubakar
Seychelles
Gambia
Related Articles
Cameroon name interim coach after Brys is sidelined amid clash between FA and government
29.05.2024 07:35
Cameroon federation president Eto’o and coach in angry exchange
28.05.2024 13:29
Cameroon's appointment of Brys as manager suspended by sports tribunal
21.05.2024 18:46
Show more
Football
NHL roundup: Ovechkin scores in return to ice, Kraken & Kings prevail in overtime
43 min ago
NBA roundup: Brunson comes up clutch in Knicks win, Thunder & Bulls also victorious
4 h ago
Osaka's 'deep love' for tennis keeping her motivated ahead of Australian Open
5 h ago
Ohtani and his partner expecting first child following World Series success
5 h ago
NFL roundup: Chargers secure playoff spot, Bengals keep post-season hopes alive
6 h ago
Australia run India out for 369 after Kumar hits a century
7 h ago
Brawl from Mavericks vs Suns game sees Nurkic, Marshall & Washington fined and suspended
9 h ago
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
10 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
11 h ago
Updated
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
11 h ago
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
UEFA Champions League
CAF Champions League
EPL news
Ligue 1
La Liga
Serie A
Brazil Serie A
FOOTBALL GHANA
Ghana Premier League
Ghana Premier League fixtures
Division One League
Division One League fixtures
Ghana FA Cup
FC Samartex
Hearts of Oak
TENNIS
Tennis news
ATP Next Gen Finals 2024
WTA Australian Open
Jannik Sinner
Novak Djokovic
Iga Swiatek
TRENDING
Transfer news & rumours
Ghana football news
Black Stars results
Mohammed Kudus
NBA news
Saudi Pro League
Athletics news
LIVESCORE
Samartex - Nations FC
Accra Lions - Hearts of Oak
Enppi - Al Ahly
Hearts of Oak - Legon Cities
Medeama - Asante Kotoko
CR Belouizdad - Al Ahly
Aduana - Samartex
FLASHSCORE.COM.GH
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2024 Flashscore.com.gh
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com.gh/news/soccer-world-championship-cameroon-put-turmoil-behind-them-with-emphatic-win-over-cape-verde-gambia-win-big/AgXeSTcC/ 
 ----- 
