SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
CAMEROON PUT TURMOIL BEHIND THEM WITH EMPHATIC WIN OVER CAPE VERDE, GAMBIA WIN BIG
Cameroon put turmoil behind them with emphatic win over Cape Verde, Gambia win big
Reuters,
08.06.2024 15:43
Updated 08.06.2024 18:27
Vincent Aboubakar scored twice for Cameroon
Profimedia
Captain Vincent Aboubakar (32) scored twice as Cameroon put weeks of turmoil around their national team behind them to beat the Cape Verde Islands 4-1 in their World Cup qualifier in Yaounde on Saturday.

The victory puts them level with Libya at the head of Group D with seven points from their opening three matches in the preliminaries for the next finals.

Centre-back Michael Ngadeu marked his return to the team after a two-year absence to put Cameroon into a 13th-minute lead, rising determinedly to power home Nicolas Ngamaleu’s corner.

The left wing also provided the assist for a second goal 12 minutes later with a strong cross that Aboubakar turned into the net from close range as the Cape Verde defence backed off.

Jamiro Monteiro pulled back a goal in the 37th minute, running in behind the home defence and getting on to the ball before goalkeeper Andre Onana.

But a foul on Ngamaleu three minutes later by Deroy Duarte gave Cameroon a penalty that Aboubakar converted to restore their two-goal lead.

The Indomitable Lions went 4-1 up when a 54th-minute cross into the opposing box was headed forward by Ngadeu and finished off by Nouhou Tolo.

The home side's day was complete when Onana saved a stoppage-time penalty from Kevin Pina.

Key match stats
Flashscore

Cameroon have been to more World Cups than any other African country but their bid for a ninth appearance in North America in 2026 threatened to be derailed in a spat between the country’s football federation and sports ministry.

The government, who pay the salary of the coach, named Belgian Marc Brys as the new coach in April to the chagrin of football federation president Samuel Eto’o, who was not consulted on the matter.

He at first rejected Brys, then bowed to political pressure to accept the appointment but wanted some of his own choices added to the technical team. It took several weeks of posturing and power plays, including denying the team equipment to train with, before a compromise was reached.

Seychelles, who are Africa’s smallest country and have never won a World Cup qualifier, were holding Gambia to a 1-1 stalemate at half-time in Berkane, Morocco, where Gambia had to move their home match because they do not have a suitable stadium in their country.

Four unanswered goals in the second half, however, saw Gambia record their first win of the campaign. Muhammad Badamossi scored twice and there was also a goal for the 19-year-old Yankuba Minteh, who has been linked with a move to Liverpool.

MENTIONS
Football
African football
World Championship
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Vincent Aboubakar
Seychelles
Gambia
Related Articles
Cameroon name interim coach after Brys is sidelined amid clash between FA and government
29.05.2024 07:35
Cameroon federation president Eto’o and coach in angry exchange
28.05.2024 13:29
Cameroon's appointment of Brys as manager suspended by sports tribunal
21.05.2024 18:46
Show more
Football
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
10 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
11 h ago
Updated
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
11 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
13 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
13 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
16 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
16 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
17 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
18 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
18 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-cameroon-put-turmoil-behind-them-with-emphatic-win-over-cape-verde-gambia-win-big/AgXeSTcC/ 
 ----- 
