Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
SOCCER
Mexico national team coach pleasantly surprised by youth experiment despite loss
Mexico’s Guillermo Martínez, center, celebrates with Omar Govea (8) and Jordi Cortizo (19) after scoring a goal against Colombia during a 3-2 international friendly loss at the Coliseum on Saturday. Despite the loss, Mexico’s coach was mostly pleased with what he saw from his young team. (Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images)
By Kevin Baxter
Staff Writer
Follow
Dec. 17, 2023 6 AM PT
Share

So what did we learn Saturday about the depth of Mexico’s aging national team? Or better yet, what did coach Jaime Lozano learn about his team?

Well, for starters, it can’t hold a lead, giving up a two-goal advantage in a 14-minute span early in the second half, then conceding the game-winner two minutes into stoppage time in a 3-2 loss to Colombia.

“The result is always important. And we are the first to acknowledge it,” Lozano said in Spanish. “They beat us in the end. It hurts.”

ADVERTISEMENT

But, he quickly added, “I don’t know if it’s the most important thing.”

Not on this night, with this team, at this time and under these circumstances.

SOCCER

Jaime Lozano knows Mexico must win or he’s fired — and he’s fine with that
Dec. 5, 2023

It was Lozano, after all, who had conceded that the middle of December probably wasn’t an ideal time for this team to be playing. The match was scheduled outside a FIFA international break, meaning the heart of the team — European-based players such as “Chucky” Lozano, Raúl Jiménez and Edson Álvarez — were unavailable.

It was also scheduled the same week as the domestic Liga MX final and the start of the Club World Cup, leaving the likes of Luis Malagón, Nestor Araujo and Henry Martín inaccessible. As a result, only two of the 26 players called up for Mexico’s previous competitive matches, last month’s Nations League quarterfinals with Honduras, were also in uniform for Saturday’s game with Colombia.

But the Mexican federation has bills to pay and its lucrative agreement with Soccer United Marketing, which requires the team to play a certain number of games in the U.S. each year, helps pay them. That certainly wasn’t hurt by Saturday’s Coliseum crowd of 64,609, largest of SUM’s six MexTour games in 2023.

ADVERTISEMENT

But the contract says nothing about the players the team must use in those games. So Lozano, running out of time to rejuvenate a national team that has grown alarmingly old, called up what was probably the most inexperienced Mexico national team in decades. Fifteen of the 22 players in uniform Saturday had never played for Mexico; only one had ever scored an international goal.

Mexico midfielder Jordi Cortizo passes the ball away from Colombia defender Samuel Velásquez during the second half of an international friendly Saturday at the Coliseum. (Kyusung Gong / Associated Press)

It made the four-day training camp that ended with Saturday’s game a rare opportunity to give chances to players who have never had them on the international level. And for the most part, the experiment succeeded.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I loved it. The performance was even greater than I expected,” Lozano said. “We really enjoyed these four days with them, we made the most of them. We got a lot out of it and in truth the vast majority of it surprised us for the better.”

Omar Govea scored his first international goal in his fifth appearance and Guillermo Martínez scored his first in his national team debut. Antonio Rodríguez, making his first start in goal, probably deserved a better fate since two of the three goals he gave up were the result of poor defensive plays. Midfielder Jordi Cortizo was also impressive.

“Without a doubt, if they maintain the level, they will have new opportunities for the national team,” Lozano said.

Mexico’s young team took more shots, put more of them on target, held the ball longer, passed it more often and completed a higher percentage of those passes than Colombia, whose team was only slightly more experienced.

“Then what happened, happened,” Lozano said of Colombia’s comeback.

SOCCER

Mexico shows its inexperience as Colombia rallies to victory at Coliseum
Dec. 16, 2023

Two of Colombia’s goals came from MLS players in Andrés Reyes and Andrés Gómez while the middle score game from Roger Martínez, who spent more than half of his career in Mexico. Naturally, Colombian assistant coach Amaranto Perea had a different take on his team’s finish.

“Be brave, go to the front and be able to turn the situation around,” he said, speaking of the approach of a team that finished 2023 unbeaten in 13 matches, its last loss coming more than 21 months ago against Argentina. “It seems that this team is learning to compete in almost every game. It has shown character and, in the end, we have been rewarded. We are building that competitive gene.”

The Mexico locker room afterward was funereal, but even that was a good sign, Lozano said. Nobody wanted to celebrate an international debut that came in a loss.

“Many times you can do many things well and the result often determines the mood,” Lozano said. “At least in this group.”

“We did many more things right than we did wrong,” he continued. “Sometimes in league [play] they forgive you; in the national team they don’t. You make a mistake once and usually you’re going to regret it and that’s what happened today.”

Mexico’s finished the year 7-3-3 under Lozano, who took over in June, becoming the team’s third coach in 12 months. What Mexico fans are more likely to remember, however, is that Lozano won only two of his last seven, failing to beat Honduras, Uzbekistan and Australia, none of whom are ranked among the world’s top 24 teams.

ANGEL CITY FC

Alyssa and Gisele Thompson’s agent seeing ‘explosive’ growth in women’s soccer deals
Dec. 12, 2023

The clock is ticking toward 2026, when Mexico will play host to the World Cup for the third time. On the near horizon are the Nations League semifinals in March and the Copa América in the summer, the team’s most important tournament of the current World Cup cycle. That leaves little time to celebrate losses, even ones such as Saturday’s, which contained multiple small victories that could pay dividends down the road.

“Above all, [we’re] seeking to give an identity to the team, an idea where the players can demonstrate what they are and what they can become. I think we are going that way,” Lozano said. “But we have to build in 2024, a very important year in the process.”

There are, he added, “things to correct.”

Staff writer Eduard Cauich contributed to this report.

More to Read
UCLA guard Gabriela Jaquez learned to handle bruising hits while leading Mexican team
Oct. 7, 2024
Budding U.S. vs. Mexico indoor soccer rivalry will have different feel this year
Sept. 27, 2024
In three-nation coaching carousel, Canada has the best seat
Sept. 10, 2024
SOCCER
Kevin Baxter
X
Email
Bluesky

Kevin Baxter writes about soccer and hockey for the Los Angeles Times. He has covered seven World Cups, five Olympic Games, six World Series and a Super Bowl and has contributed to three Pulitzer Prize-winning series at The Times and Miami Herald. An essay he wrote in fifth grade was voted best in the class. He has a cool dog.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SOCCER

How one nonprofit is helping young soccer players change their lives
Dec. 24, 2024

HOLLYWOOD INC.

Netflix will stream 2027 and 2031 FIFA Women’s World Cup
Dec. 20, 2024

SOCCER

What’s wrong with Manchester City? The unfortunate truth is it might be the coach
Dec. 17, 2024

GALAXY

Galaxy have little time to celebrate championship before making 2025 roster changes
Dec. 10, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
New tests find ‘hidden’ pesticides in more California weed brands. Regulators ignored warnings
Laguna Beach is the DUI arrest capital of California. Now, police are taking extreme action
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Notable L.A. restaurant closures spiked in 2024. Here’s the grim tally
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Before and after: A South Pasadena garage is now a serene Kyoto-style ADU
Trader Joe’s to open three new L.A. stores in 2025
Latest Soccer
U.S. women’s soccer team set to face Brazil at SoFi Stadium
Dec. 9, 2024
Angel City fires coach Becki Tweed amid reboot of franchise
Dec. 9, 2024
Showcasing a homegrown star will be part of AV Alta’s ambitious launch plans
Dec. 9, 2024
Hernández: MLS Cup final lacks star power but sheds light on shift in league
Dec. 7, 2024
The Galaxy are back after beating the Red Bulls for the franchise’s sixth MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/soccer/story/2023-12-17/mexico-national-soccer-coach-upbeat-youth-experiment 
 ----- 
