Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
SOCCER
Mexico shows its inexperience as Colombia rallies to victory at Coliseum
Mexico midfielder Omar Govea, left, and Colombia midfielder Sebastián Gómez vie for a head ball during Colombia’s 3-2 win in an international friendly match at the Coliseum on Saturday. (Kyusung Gong / Associated Press)
By Kevin Baxter
Staff Writer
Follow
Dec. 16, 2023 Updated 6:39 PM PT
Share

The Mexico national team will be back in Southern California in June for its second group-stage game in Copa América. And there’s a chance some of the players coach Jaime Lozano used in Saturday’s 3-2 loss to Colombia will make that trip.

That would have been a risky bet before Saturday. But Mexico’s not-ready-for-prime-time players, playing in front of a matinee crowd of 64,609 at the Coliseum, gave a surprisingly good account of themselves, for the first hour at least, before wilting and giving away a 2-0 lead built on a first-half goal from Omar Govea and a second-half score from Guillermo Martínez.

But the rest of the game belonged to Colombia with Andrés Reyes and Roger Martínez scoring 14 minutes apart midway through the second half to even the score, setting up Andrés Gómez to win it for the South Americans two minutes into stoppage time.

ADVERTISEMENT

SOCCER

Jaime Lozano knows Mexico must win or he’s fired — and he’s fine with that
Dec. 5, 2023

Because the game was played outside a FIFA competition window, Lozano was without many of his first-choice starters, who are playing in Europe, and was unable to call up some of his best domestic players, who will be playing in Sunday’s Liga MX championship game. That left him with a young roster largely untested on the international level; seven of his starters were making their first appearance for Mexico, with three others coming off the bench to make their debuts.

And with Lozano’s aging team in desperate need of fresh blood, some of them could get another look soon.

With the exception of forward Roger Martínez and goalkeeper David Ospina, a two-time World Cup starter, Colombia’s team was almost as inexperienced.

ADVERTISEMENT
Mexico midfielder Rodrigo López challenges Colombia forward Roger Martínez for the ball during the first half Saturday at the Coliseum. (Kyusung Gong / Associated Press)

After a pedestrian opening half hour, the game opened up late in the first half, a flurry of activity that eventually paid off in Govea’s goal in the 40th minute. The sequence began with Govea forcing a turnover deep in Colombia’s end and slipping the ball to Guillermo Martínez, who was charging into the penalty area. Martínez pushed it back in front of Govea, whose right-footed shot sailed over Ospina and under the crossbar for his first international goal.

Only one other player on the Mexico roster had ever scored for the senior team but that would change five minutes into the second half when Martínez doubled the lead with his first goal. Midfielder Jordi Cortizo set it up with a low line-drive shot from the right wing. Ospina dove and pushed it wide with one hand, but the rebound caromed to Guillermo Martínez near the far post and he scored off a tough angle to give Mexico a 2-0 lead.

ADVERTISEMENT

LAFC

LAFC has no time to rest after exhausting season as key decisions loom
Dec. 10, 2023

The young Mexicans lost their poise after that with Reyes, who plays in MLS with the New York Red Bulls, getting Colombia on the scoreboard in the 55th minute, collecting a pass from Samuel Velásquez and sending a shot that deflected in off a Mexico defender. The goal was his first in his second appearance for Colombia.

Roger Martínez, who won three trophies during six years with Mexico’s Club América, then evened things for Colombia, taking control off a loose ball near the midfield circle, charging up the center of the defense and lining a strong right-footed shot from distance off a diving Rodríguez and just inside the right post.

Gómez, who plays in MLS for Real Salt Lake, settled things in stoppage time with his first international goal.

More to Read
After years of struggle, can Mexico soccer flourish under Javier Aguirre?
Sept. 6, 2024
Argentina overcomes Lionel Messi injury to repeat as Copa América champions
July 14, 2024
Uruguayan players go into stands to fight fans after Copa América match
July 10, 2024
SOCCER
Kevin Baxter
X
Email
Bluesky

Kevin Baxter writes about soccer and hockey for the Los Angeles Times. He has covered seven World Cups, five Olympic Games, six World Series and a Super Bowl and has contributed to three Pulitzer Prize-winning series at The Times and Miami Herald. An essay he wrote in fifth grade was voted best in the class. He has a cool dog.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SOCCER

How one nonprofit is helping young soccer players change their lives
Dec. 24, 2024

HOLLYWOOD INC.

Netflix will stream 2027 and 2031 FIFA Women’s World Cup
Dec. 20, 2024

SOCCER

What’s wrong with Manchester City? The unfortunate truth is it might be the coach
Dec. 17, 2024

GALAXY

Galaxy have little time to celebrate championship before making 2025 roster changes
Dec. 10, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
New tests find ‘hidden’ pesticides in more California weed brands. Regulators ignored warnings
Laguna Beach is the DUI arrest capital of California. Now, police are taking extreme action
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Notable L.A. restaurant closures spiked in 2024. Here’s the grim tally
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Before and after: A South Pasadena garage is now a serene Kyoto-style ADU
Trader Joe’s to open three new L.A. stores in 2025
Latest Soccer
U.S. women’s soccer team set to face Brazil at SoFi Stadium
Dec. 9, 2024
Angel City fires coach Becki Tweed amid reboot of franchise
Dec. 9, 2024
Showcasing a homegrown star will be part of AV Alta’s ambitious launch plans
Dec. 9, 2024
Hernández: MLS Cup final lacks star power but sheds light on shift in league
Dec. 7, 2024
The Galaxy are back after beating the Red Bulls for the franchise’s sixth MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/soccer/story/2023-12-16/mexico-loses-colombia-friendly-coliseum 
 ----- 
