Skip to content

City 'til I die Laughing: 16 Jan | Tickets available now!

Open navigation menu
Cork City FC Shop
Open search
Open account page
Open cart
0
News
Cian Bargary Signs New Contract

Dec 15, 2023

By Aaron Howey

Cork City FC are pleased to confirm that Cian Bargary has signed back with the club for 2024.

The winger has made over 80 appearances for the club since making his first team debut in 2019, and he told CorkCityFC.ie that  

“Having been at the club for almost seven years, last season was very hard to take and, for myself and the other lads who have come through the academy, we want to put things right next season. 

“I spoke to Tim (Clancy) after he was appointed and he was clear with me that he was coming down here with the intention of winning the league and getting the club promoted back to the Premier Division. I was very happy with what he had to say and I am looking forward to working with him.”

“It’s been good to see some of the new additions to the squad, as well as some of last season’s players signing back. I played against Charlie Lyons a number of times and it’s not nice playing against him, because he is a very good defender, so it will be nice to be on the same side as him next season!”

Commenting on the latest addition to his squad, City boss Tim Clancy said: “Baggsy is another player who has been at the club for a number of years. He brings a lot of pace and energy to the side. Having spoken to him, I know he wants to be a part of getting the club back to where it belongs. I think he can have a big season next season, and I am looking forward to working with him.”

Share
Reading next

Evan McLaughlin Signs for City!

Dec 15, 2023
Aaron Howey

Matthew Murray Signs Professional Contract

Dec 16, 2023
Aaron Howey

Leave a comment

This site is protected by hCaptcha and the hCaptcha Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Name
E-mail
Message
Submit

Sign up for our official club newsletter and special offers!

E-mail
Subscribe

Menu

Search
Latest News
Gift Card / Voucher
Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

About

We are Cork City Football Club, born in 1984.

Taiwan (TWD $)

© 2025, Cork City FC Shop. Powered by Shopify. Designed by Spéire.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.corkcityfc.ie/blogs/news/cian-bargary-signs-new-contract 
 ----- 
