www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 07 → Article 1949534
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Saturday, 7 September 2024

Disclaimer

Source: footballghana.com

2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers: DR Congo, Tunisia kickstart with wins

« Prev

Next »

Comments (4)

Listen to Article

Share:

Tunisia FC squad

The TotalEnergies CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers were played on Friday, September 6, 2024, with mixed results across five matches as teams sought to make their mark in the journey to Morocco 2025.

DR Congo secured a narrow win over Guinea, with Edo Kayembe’s 27th-minute strike giving Sébastien Desabre's team a solid start to their qualification campaign. Guinea will look to bounce back against Tanzania.

Tunisia left it late to grab victory, with Ferjani Sassi scoring in the eighth minute of stoppage time. The match was tight, with Madagascar’s strong defensive performance undone in the dying moments.

South Africa rescued a draw at the last minute in a thrilling contest against Uganda. Lyle Foster gave Bafana Bafana an early lead, but two quick goals from Uganda turned the game around. However, Thalente Mbatha salvaged a point for South Africa with a late strike.

Togo took the lead through Kevin Denkey, but Liberia equalised deep into stoppage time, with Wesley Gibson ensuring the points were shared.

Sierra Leone and Chad played out a goalless draw, with both teams failing to break the deadlock in a tightly contested encounter.

Comments:
This article has 4 comment(s), give your comment
‘God will take care of me’ – Koku Anyi doho ‘rejects’ Mahama appointment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024...
Ablakwa flags suspicious GH¢60 million payment transferred to Pres...
Re-collation Suit: Ayikoi Otoo questio ns NPP’s exclusion of NDC Parliame...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet CGM. Click here for safety...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Legendary Sea Turtle Bracelet
Meet the Legendary Sea Turtle — a charming companion to remind you of the sea turtles you've rescued.Each bracelet saves sea turtle hatchlings and cleans up habitats
TeamPlanting
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
I Tried the $0.87 Generic Viagra and Here's What Happened!
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch, or receiver, so you’ll know how you’re doing with just ...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
News
EC official broke down in washroom amid disagreements - Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu shares collation experience
Business
IMF's recommendation led to UT and Capital Banks' license revocation - BoG Governor
Entertainment
Mahama donates GH¢5,000 at actress Mercy Little Smith’s one-week funeral observation
Africa
Kenyans decry continued abduction of government critics
Opinions
Bawumia is not the first incumbent candidate to concede defeat before declaration of results in Ghana
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/2025-Africa-Cup-of-Nations-Qualifiers-DR-Congo-Tunisia-kickstart-with-wins-1949534 
 ----- 
