 MENU
My Picks
Philadelphia Phillies vs Miami Marlins Prediction MLB Picks 9/8/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 7, 2024 8:29 pm
Miami Marlins (52-88) vs Philadelphia Phillies (84-56)
Game Info: Sunday, September 8, 2024 at 1:40 pm (loanDepot park)
Max Meyer (3-5) (5.84) vs Seth Johnson (0-0) (0.00)
Betting Odds: Miami Marlins +112 / Philadelphia Phillies -133 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY, NBCSN

The Philadelphia Phillies and the Miami Marlins meet Sunday in MLB action from LoanDepot Park. Here’s a Philadelphia Phillies vs Miami Marlins prediction. This will be the final installment in a four-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Phillies vs Marlins pick. We will examine:

The Philadelphia Phillies recent form and player performance

The Miami Marlins recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Philadelphia Phillies

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends in games played between the Phillies and Marlins

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Phillies vs Marlins game

Philadelphia Phillies Betting Preview

The Phillies took on the Toronto Blue Jays this week. Philadelphia won both of those games 10-9 and 4-2. After wins 5-2 and 16-2 over the Marlins in their first pair, In Saturday’s game the Phillies were out-hit 14-11 in a wild loss 9-5. Starter Aaron Nola gave up four earned in 4.2 innings along the way.

In the starter slot for the Phillies on Sunday will be Seth Johnson. This will mark Johnson’s MLB debut.

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

Over on the Marlins’ side, they played the Washington Nationals in their last set. Miami managed to split those two games. Following their two losses to the Phillies Thursday and Friday, in game three the Marlins scored three runs in the seventh inning and held on for the victory.

Max Meyer will start for the Marlins on Sunday. So far Meyer is 3-5 with a 5.68 ERA in 11 starts. Meyer is 3-6 with a 5.86 ERA in 13 career starts.

Total Runs Facts
Five of the last six games between the Phillies and Marlins at LoanDepot Park have gone OVER the total runs line.
Six of the Phillies' last eight road games against NL East opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the last six games between the Phillies and Marlins.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Phillies' last five road games.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Jake Burger has hit a home run in three of the Marlins' last four Sunday day games at LoanDepot Park.
Otto Lopez has recorded a Double in four of the Marlins' last five games as home underdogs.
Edward Cabrera has recorded a win in four of his last five appearances in day games against NL teams that held a winning record.
Otto Lopez has recorded an RBI in four of the Marlins' last five games as underdogs against NL opponents.
Otto Lopez has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Marlins' last five day games against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Jake Burger has scored at least one run in each of the Marlins' last six Sunday day games at LoanDepot Park.
Jesus Sanchez has recorded at least one Single in six of the Marlins' last seven games against NL opponents.
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one hit in each of the Marlins' last six day games against opponents that held a winning record.
Philadelphia Phillies Player Prop Facts
Kyle Schwarber has hit at least one home run in three of the Phillies' last five road games against opponents that held a losing record.
Bryson Stott has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Phillies' last four games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Bryson Stott has scored at least one run in six of his last seven appearances at LoanDepot Park against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Bryson Stott has recorded at least one Single in each of his last eight appearances at LoanDepot Park against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
J.T. Realmuto has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Bryson Stott has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances at LoanDepot Park against opponents that held a losing record.
Trea Turner ranks 9th amongst qualified players for Batting Average (.297) this season.
Matchup/League Facts
The Miami Marlins rank 29th in the league for on-base percentage this season (.296).
The Miami Marlins rank 28th in the league for RBI's this season (518).
The Philadelphia Phillies are one of only 3 teams in the league to rank top 10 in both steals and batting average this season.
The Philadelphia Phillies rank 4th in the league for batting average this season (.260).
Philadelpiha Phillies vs Miami Marlins Prediction

I might take a crack on the Marlins here. Meyer really needs a bounce-back start, though. In his last pair Meyer is 0-2 with nine earned in 10.2 innings total. He managed 6.0 innings with two earned versus the Cubs in a no-decision before that, however.

On Saturday the Marlins fought through a few rough innings on the mound with a nice offensive performance. Connor Norby, Jonah Bride and Otto Lopez each had home runs in the win. I like Miami to keep it going Sunday.

Andrew’s Pick
Miami Marlins +112
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-08/philadelphia-phillies-vs-miami-marlins-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
