English
Contact|About|
International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI)
Perspectives
World
Global class struggle
Pandemic
Arts & Culture
History
Capitalism & Inequality
Anti-Imperialism
Videos
Podcast
Marxist Library
); }
FOURTH INTERNATIONALSOCIALIST EQUALITY PARTYIYSSEABOUT THE WSWSCONTACTDONATE
Anheuser-Busch announces closure of two distribution facilities, exposing false job protections in new Teamsters contract
Alex Findijs
4 September 2024
A Bud Light sign is illuminated by street lights on the side of the Anheuser Busch factory in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles on Wednesday, Feb. 28, 2024. [AP Photo/Richard Vogel]

Anheuser-Busch, the largest brewer in the US, announced plans to close two distribution centers in the US this fall.

The company will close its facilities in Canton, Ohio and Medford, Massachusetts. Canton is planned to close on October 15, affecting 63 employees while the facility in Medford will close down over the first two weeks of November eliminating 193 jobs.

In both instances the distribution of AB’s products will be taken over by other companies. In Canton, The Columbus Distributing Co. will take over AB’s in-house operations.

In Medford, operations will be transferred to Quality Beverage, which is owned by Martignetti Companies.

These distribution closures come after AB shuttered two of its craft breweries, Wynwood Brewing in Miami, Florida and Golden Road Brewing in Sacramento, California.

Local and industry news sites reported that some employees may be rehired at the facilities under the new management, but it is not clear how many employees will be transferred, if any at all. In the announcement of the Canton closure the company stated that any bumping rights for members of Teamsters Local 92, by which more senior workers might be able to keep their jobs, would not apply to this closure. For the Medford location the company said that there would be “some opportunities” for workers to keep their jobs but did not specify how many or what positions.

According to the Boston Globe, Teamsters Local 122 has around 100 members at the Medford facility and they were not offered severance pay.

Ostensibly the closures are a response to a reduction in volume. North America saw a 1.3 percent reduction in revenue and a 3.2 percent reduction in total volume sold in the previous quarter. However, the region saw a nearly 14 percent increase in earnings before taxes and interest. Internationally, Anheuser-Busch InBev saw a 2.7 percent increase in total revenue last quarter and an underlying profit of $1.8 billion.

This is in part due to a trend of “premiumization,” by which major brewing companies are pushing higher end beers with larger margins to boost profits even if total volume sold declines. The slight downturn in volume reflects this and may have influenced the closure of the two facilities. Even as profits pour in, the company is searching for ways to cut down on costs, especially labor costs, and boost profitability.

The closure of the distribution facilities is an exposure of the Teamsters false claims of the “historic” contract earlier this year. The union bureaucracy claimed to have won extensive job protections for workers, including supposed protections against job loss from brewery closures.

However, the contract language does nothing to stop brewery closures, only offering a vague offer of a job at another brewery in a different part of the country. These positions would be based on “nontraditional work” and a nondescript “maintenance workforce” with no guarantee that workers would preserve their current position, pay or seniority.

In reality, union and management have been in discussions about layoffs and facility closures behind the backs of workers. During a webinar on the contract, in which the Teamsters did not allow for questions or comments from workers, Teamsters lawyer Gabe Dumont admitted that brewery closures had been discussed with the company but the union hid details on what might be coming for workers.

Workers have a right to know what the union is hiding from them. If the company is preparing to eliminate more jobs then workers must be made aware so they can prepare to fight back against the corporate assault on jobs. The Teamsters bureaucracy opposes this, avoiding strike action at any cost. The Teamsters called off strike action against Anheuser-Busch at the last minute earlier this year, abandoning hundreds of striking Molson Coors brewery workers who were worn down into accepting a sellout contract after three months on strike.

As of this writing the Teamsters have made no official statement on the layoffs let alone put up any resistance to them. Just as the Teamsters abandoned 22,000 workers at Yellow freight to be laid off they are willing to accept job losses in the brewing industry.

This is not simply poor leadership from Sean O’Brien, but a deliberate class policy enforced by the upper middle class functionaries in the Teamsters apparatus. There are 160 bureaucrats like O’Brien raking in $200,000 or more from member dues and financial reports from the Teamsters show the bureaucracy consumes nearly $120 million a year in salaries and administration. If workers lose their livelihoods to layoffs this hardly affects the bureaucrats, who are more than willing to sell out workers for stable relations with management.

Layoffs in Canton and Medford are an indication of what is around the corner. The massive tech layoffs from the past two years have spread across major industries. Tens of thousands of workers have been laid off this year as companies seek to restructure their labor force to cut costs and extract as much wealth per worker as possible. Most significantly for members of the Teamsters, UPS plans to replace tens of thousands of workers with automated facilities over the coming years.

To fight these layoffs workers must join with the rank-and-file in other industries and around the world to organize an international counter-offensive against the corporate jobs bloodbath. The union bureaucracy, which is colluding with management to enforce layoffs, must be thrown out and replaced with workers control on the shop floor. This is the task of the International Workers Alliance of Rank-and-File Committees, which is fighting to abolish the bureaucracy and put the rank-and-file in control of its struggle for better wages, living conditions and the right to employment.

Make your voice heard! Tell us about conditions in your workplace. All submissions will be kept anonymous.
First Name (required)
Last Name (optional)
Email (required)
Mobile Phone (optional)
Zip/Postal code (required)
Country (required)
Select one...
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cape Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
Unknown
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Comment (required)
 I would like to be contacted by the Socialist Equality Party or the WSWS. I acknowledge that the WSWS uses my personal information in accordance with its privacy policy.
Submit
READ MORE
Teamsters declare ratification of sellout contract at Anheuser-Busch
6 March 2024
Details of Molson Coors contract expose sellout of strike by Teamsters union
1 July 2024
What brewery workers are up against: The international operations of Molson Coors and Anheuser-Busch
27 February 2024
COMMENT
CONTACT US
Find out more about these topics:
Grocery and food production workersGlobal class struggleUnited StatesNorth America
GROCERY AND FOOD PRODUCTION WORKERS
Global class struggleAutoworkersThe struggle of health care workersEducationAmazon workersTransport workersSteelworkersMining workersOil and gas workersAgricultural workersGarment workersLabor historyLabor shorts
Strikes at Amazon and Starbucks in the US called off without any concessions from management

Thousands of Amazon drivers ended their week-long strike on Thursday while an estimated 5,000 Starbucks workers ended a five-day strike on Christmas Day.

Alex Findijs•15 hours ago
Amazon and Starbucks strikes in US portend escalation of global class conflict in 2025

The holiday season has begun in the United States, along with the season of class struggle. Thousands of Amazon and Starbucks workers are on strike, with many more seeking to join.

Jerry White•24 December 2024
Australia: Reject union sellout of Woolworths strike!

Under the “revised offer,” the hated “Framework” will remain in place, with token modifications that will do nothing to protect workers from the company’s relentless demand for speed-ups.

Martin Scott•9 December 2024
Australian industrial court bans Woolworths picket in Melbourne

If allowed to stand, the order creates the conditions for any strike, even one that is legally “protected” under Australia’s harsh industrial laws, to be undermined and effectively broken up by the state.

Martin Scott•6 December 2024
Build rank-and-file committees to expand the Woolworths struggle! Mobilise workers to defeat the company’s strike-breaking operation!
Socialist Equality Party (Australia)•4 December 2024
Australia: Striking warehouse workers block Woolworths’ attempt to break picket line in Melbourne
Martin Scott•2 December 2024
Strike by more than 1,500 Woolworths warehouse workers enters second week
Martin Scott•30 November 2024
Who owns Australia’s Woolworths and what is driving its offensive against workers?
Mike Head•26 November 2024
Australian warehouse workers speak out as Woolworths strike continues
Our reporters•24 November 2024
© 1998-2024 World Socialist Web Site. All rights reserved.
HomeAboutContactPrivacy StatementPrivacy Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2024/09/05/team-s05.html 
 ----- 
