Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
International
Sam Cane Will ‘never Forget’ Heartwarming Gesture From Rassie Erasmus And Springboks After Suffering Serious Injury
Sam Cane will ‘never forget’ heartwarming gesture from Rassie Erasmus and Springboks after suffering serious injury
Colin Newboult
25 Sep 2024 10:24 AM
2

All Blacks flanker Sam Cane and Springboks head coach Rassie Erasmus.

Ahead of his milestone match, Sam Cane has revealed a heartwarming story of how he was visited by three Springboks after suffering a horrendous injury six years ago.

The flanker broke his neck during a game with South Africa at Loftus Versfeld in 2018, which threatened his career.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Fortunately, Cane returned to full fitness, appearing in the Rugby World Cup the next year, and on Saturday he is set to earn his 100th cap for the All Blacks.

However, it was the actions of Boks head coach Rassie Erasmus and two players that stuck with him.

Cane suffered the injury when he collided with Louw’s hip and the opposition flanker was one of those to visit him in hospital.

The All Blacks squad had already flown home by that point with only the team doctor staying behind to help him through the surgery, making the actions of the Springboks trio extra special.

‘Speaks volumes’

“The day after I had surgery, Rassie, Francois Louw and Jesse Kriel, all on separate occasions, made the visit to the hospital,” Cane told reporters.

“The truth is, I was in such a dazed state post-surgery that unfortunately I can only remember dribs and drabs of the conversation, but it speaks volumes of all three of those men to take time out of their day to come to the hospital and find me.

Ad

“It’s something I will never forget and I’m hugely appreciative of it.”

All Blacks turn to coaching legend to solve the worrying problem which is stumping Scott Robertson

Cane has been plagued by injuries since then but, after he was named captain following the conclusion of the 2019 World Cup, he led them into 2023 global tournament.

The openside has continued in international rugby this year, but 2024 will be his last after he signed a long-term deal to play in Japan from 2025 onwards.

Ad

“You need a bit of luck to get to 100,” he said.

“The 50 came really quickly without too much trouble but this next 50 I’ve had to be patient and it’s tested me a bit more, with a few road bumps.

“But it will be nice to look back in time that I’ve cracked that club.”

Who will win in Bledisloe II?
Australia
New Zealand

Personal development

Being an All Blacks captain comes with its challenges, especially when dealing with criticism from expectant fans, but he has overcome all that to go down as a New Zealand great.

“When I look back on it… rugby’s a pretty good teacher of life and resilience,” he added. “The ups and downs, you just have to pick yourself up and carry on.

“All those different challenges have tested my resilience at times but I’ve been able to keep things in perspective and just really grateful for the opportunities that rugby has given me on the field but also just the opportunity to grow up as a man.

“From a 20-year-old making [his] debut not knowing much about anything to now being 32 and constantly learning and evolving.”

READ MORE: Scott Robertson makes bold All Blacks call as wasteful Damian McKenzie faces the axe – report

International
Rassie Erasmus
Sam Cane
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’

Planet Rugby has selected five possible debutants for the Springboks in 2025.

Colin Newboult
01 Jan 2025
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic

France eclipsed the Springboks in one particular area in 2024.

Dylan Coetzee
30 Dec 2024
Who’s hot and who’s not: Rassie Erasmus’ nation-building continues and humiliating losses for three Premiership clubs

Check who's hot and not following the week's on and off-field action.

Dylan Coetzee
27 Dec 2024
Springboks boss Rassie Erasmus underlines nation-building qualities with Christmas Day fan walk

Rassie Erasmus held a Christmas walk in Cape Town.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
4 hours ago
2
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
4 hours ago
3
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
6 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
6 hours ago
23
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
7 hours ago
1
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
4 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/sam-cane-will-never-forget-heartwarming-gesture-from-rassie-erasmus-and-springboks-after-suffering-serious-injury 
 ----- 
