We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
DISAGREE
AGREE


SPORT
Cricket: Isle of Man begin World Cup Europe qualifying campaign

The islanders beat Turkey earlier today

10th June 2024
SPREAD THE NEWS
The Isle of Man cricket side ahead of their first match in Italy against France on Sunday (Isle of Man Cricket)
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Get your latest local news for free in your email inbox
Submit
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from Isle of Man Today. Read our privacy notice

The Isle of Man have begun their ICC T20 World Cup Sub Regional Europe Qualifier in Italy with a win and a loss.

On Sunday the Manx side, which included debutants Sam Barnett and Harry McAleer, lost by 16 runs to France.

France posted a score of 149-8 before restricting the Isle of Man to 133-6 in reply.

Less than 24 hours later the islanders got up and running with an emphatic victory over Turkey.

ALSO IN THE NEWS
Island cricket squad named for T20 World Cup Europe qualifier
Isle of Man TT 2024: James Hillier gearing up for another crack at Dakar Rally
Isle of Man TT 2024: Conor Cummins withdraws from TT
Furious Michael Dunlop vents frustration in clip during forced stop at Isle of Man TT

Batting first, a 52 from George Burrows and a 48 in only 27 balls from skipper Ollie Webster saw the Manx post a score of 187/7 from their 20 overs.

Some tight bowling from the island side restricted Turkey to 101 in reply, with Crosby’s Joe Burrows the pick of the bowlers claiming three wickets for the loss of only 10 runs.

The island side is back in action on Wednesday morning, with hosts Italy the opponents.

MORE ABOUT:

World Cup
SPREAD THE NEWS

Comments

This article has no comments yet. Be the first to leave a comment.
COMMENT

CONTACT

Media Isle of Man
18 Finch Road
Douglas
Isle of Man
IM1 2PT


Tel:
01624 695695


newsdesk@mediaiom.im

FOLLOW US

FURTHER LINKS

Terms & Conditions
Contact
Privacy policy
Jobs
Family announcements
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Get your latest local news for free in your email inbox
Submit
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from Isle of Man Today. Read our privacy notice

Owned or licensed to Tindle Newspapers Ltd. | Independent Family-Owned Newspapers | Copyright & Trade Mark Notice & 2013 - 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.iomtoday.co.im/sport/cricket-isle-of-man-begin-world-cup-europe-qualifying-campaign-695536 
 ----- 
