 

Share this:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Flipboard
Email
Share
Our world in photos: June 10
June 10, 2024
Brooklyn Eagle Staff
Photo: Firdia Lisnawati/AP

BALI — The launch of a royal cremation ceremony: A giant effigy, in the form of a bull, with the coffin containing the body of Tjokorda Rai Dharmawati, a member of the Ubud royal family, is in flames during a Balinese royal cremation ceremony called “pelebon” in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia Monday, June 10, 2024. Thousands of people attended the cremation ceremony for Tjokorda Rai Dharmawati, who died in May at the age of 60.

The pelebon is also called a Ngaben, in which the soul of the deceased is released into heaven. Hindu Balinese people believe that the soul becomes trapped in a cycle of reincarnation and rebirth until it can be released, and the pelebon is the ritual for that release as well as a tradition honoring the families.

While some cultures bury their loved ones immediately after death, the Balinese Hindus wait until it is economical or feasible to conduct the ceremony.

Photo: Andrew Medichini/AP

ROME — A study in timing and flexibility: Yaroslava Mahuchikh, of Ukraine, attempts the women’s high jump final at the European Athletics Championships in Rome on Sunday, June 9, 2024. Her victory on Sunday night also meant a victory for her war-torn country, which won two medals, reports the Associated Press. Not only did Yaroslava Mahuchikh bolster her world title, she won her second consecutive European Championship gold on Sunday — with her teammate Iryna Gerashchenko joining her on the podium for a bronze medal. The two teammates, draped in Ukraine’s flag, celebrated their wins and a much hoped-for win in their country.

The Italian capital last hosted the biennial European Athletics Championships, which spotlight the best in the continent’s sport, half a century ago. The European Athletics Championships also serve as a testing ground for athletes ahead of the Summer Olympic Games in Paris that begin in late July.

Photo: Marco di Marco/AP

GRINDAVIK — Growing tentacles, possibly the most threatening ones in the world right now: An overall view of the eruption site of the volcano near Grindavik, Iceland, Monday, June 10, 2024. A volcano in southwestern Iceland has been erupting, spewing red lava close to the coastal town of Grindavik. According to a Saturday, June 8, update from the Icelandic Met (Meteorological) Office’s website, there is “… Continuing activity in one crater which remains relatively stable. Last night, the lava flow increased north of Sýlingarfell and towards Grindavíkurvegur … The front of the lava field is about 800 meters away from the hot water pipelines. Since Tuesday, June 4, one crater has been active.”

The volcano’s eruption began 10 days ago, at the end of May.

Photo: Adam Hunger/AP

NEW YORK — The face of celebration following a ‘dismissal’ (to American baseball fans, that’s a strike out): Bangladesh’s Taskin Ahmed celebrates the dismissal of South Africa’s captain Aiden Markram, partly seen on right, during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between Bangladesh and South Africa at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York, Monday, June 10, 2024. However, South Africa won that match by four runs, scoring 113/6 to Bangladesh’s 109/7.

In Sunday’s other matches, India beat Pakistan by six runs, 119-113/7. And Scotland won against Oman by seven wickets, 153/3 to 150/7, with 41 balls left.

Photo: Chan Long Hei/AP

HONG KONG — When the oars hit the water, it looks like a melee: Competitors take part in the annual dragon boat race to celebrate the Tuen Ng festival in Hong Kong on Monday, June 10, 2024. The Dragon Boat Festival, which is held on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month each year (usually late May or June), honors Qu Yuan, a Chinese patriotic poet and a beloved state servant of the third century B.C. who, many believe, gave his life for his country, according to one of the widely-known legends of the event’s origins. The emperor Huai exiled him on false pretexts, and Qu Yan took his life. But he was beloved by the villagers who took up their boats to search for his body in the Miluo River; when they couldn’t find him, they tossed glutinous dumplings into the river to deter the fish from consuming the poet’s body.

However, according to UNESCO’s website (the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), the local hero being honored varies, but the festival celebrates harmony between humanity and nature.

Photo: Tatan Syuflana/AP

JAKARTA — An All-China finals in badminton: China’s Jiang Zhen Bang, left, and Wei Ya Xin celebrate after defeating their compatriots Zheng Si Wei, top left, and Huang Ya Qiong during their mixed doubles final match at the Indonesia Open badminton tournament at Istora Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, Sunday, June 9, 2024.

Photo: Christophe Ena/AP

PARIS — Rarely photographed in a blazer, is there a sponsorship in his future? Spain’s Carlos Alcaraz holds the trophy as he poses for the media after the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros Stadium in Paris, Monday, June 10, 2024. Alcaraz won the title on Sunday in the final against Germany’s Alexander Zverev. He won in five sets, with Zverev capturing the second and third set before Alcaraz forced the fifth set. The victory gives the 21-year-old from El Palmar a #2 world ranking.

Alcaraz has also become the youngest male player in history to win a Grand Slam title on every surface.

Photo: Emilio Morenatti/AP

BARCELONA — Juxtaposition as polling official watches ballot trends to the far right: Drag queen Bernat Bodes, known as Pitita, left, takes a break from her duties as president of a polling station during the European Parliament elections in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, June 9, 2024. Polling stations have opened across Europe as voters from 20 countries cast ballots in elections that were expected to, and did shift, the European Union’s parliament to the right and could reshape the future direction of the world’s biggest trading bloc.

The parties of French President Emmanuel Macron and German

Chancellor Olaf Scholz suffered heavy defeats, leading Macron to dissolve the lower house of France’s parliament in a surprise move.

Photo: Alessandra Tarantino/AP

ROME — Don’t dare run on the field when this event takes place: Anete Sietina of Latvia makes an attempt in the women’s javelin throw at the European Athletics Championships in Rome on Monday, June 10, 2024.

The 28-year-old Sietina is currently ranked #6 in javelin throwing with a score of 1246.

Photo: Amr Nabil, Pool/AP

CAIRO — King of Air Miles, diplomacy in the Middle East: U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken speaks to reporters after his meeting with Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi at Cairo Airport, Egypt, Monday, June 10, 2024. His visit marks a new Middle Eastern tour for Blinken, who, earlier on Monday, also met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in neighboring Israel. America’s lead diplomat urged both Netanyahu and Hamas to accept the proposal, which he asserted has wide international support, even though it’s in jeopardy after Israel’s hostage rescue operation that killed scores of Palestinians.

The UN Security Council on Monday afternoon voted 14-1 to accept a U.S.-backed cease-fire proposal. That news was still developing via the Associated Press late afternoon.

Photo: Gregorio Borgia/AP

ROME — World Class hurdlers celebrate the results: Fatoumata Binta Diallo, of Portugal, left, and Ayomide Folorunso, of Italy, react to the announcement of the official results after competing in a women’s 400 meters hurdles semifinal at the European Athletics Championships in Rome, Monday, June 10, 2024. The two qualified for the final.

The qualification rule was that the first two athletes in each heat (Q) and the next two fastest (q) would advance to the Final.

Photo: Lewis Joly/AP

PARIS — All over the world, the impact of far-right politics: Supporters of French far-right National Rally react at the party election night headquarters, Sunday, June 9, 2024, in Paris. First projected results from France put the far-right National Rally party well ahead in EU elections, according to French opinion poll institutes. France’s right-wing candidate, Marine Le Pen, and her National Rally party in particular dominated the French polls, leading Macron to immediately dissolve the national parliament. He called for new elections to start later this month.

The shift rightward will challenge the EU Parliament’s member nations on several of their respective domestic issues, particularly regarding immigration and agriculture.

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTERS

Brooklyn Today — Daily top news in Brooklyn

Daily Brief — An afternoon dose of borough buzz

Bluedot Living Brooklyn — Simple, smart, sustainable stories

Good Food Brooklyn — Best bites in the borough

Daily Bulletin — Legal & courthouse news

BKLYN Live — Performance, arts & culture

Our world in photos: December 31
Brooklyn Eagle Staff December 31, 2024
Our world in photos: December 30
Brooklyn Eagle Staff December 30, 2024
Our world in photos: December 27
Brooklyn Eagle Staff December 27, 2024
Our world in photos: December 26
Brooklyn Eagle Staff December 26, 2024

FOLLOW

@BKEAGLE
A self-propelled liftboat  — which can lift its
After numerous bumps in the road, the Barbati fami
Adult Saturday soccer leagues have been fighting a
JOIN OUR TEAM
SUBSCRIBE
ADVERTISE
TERMS & CONDITIONS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US

© 2025 EAGLE URBAN MEDIA

   
Subscribe to get access

Select one of the options below to get started

You've Accessed Premium Content

Thank you for supporting our efforts in local journalism and public information. For full access to our website, including premium copy, please choose a plan below. If you are already a subscriber, please login below.

BACK

Weekly Access to Our Full Site and Premium Content - Recurring Charge (Non-Refundable)

$2.99

Monthly Access to Our Full Site and Premium Content - Recurring Charge (Non-Refundable)

$9.99

Yearly Access to Our Full Site and Premium Content - Recurring Charge (Non-Refundable)

$99.99

Check this box to gift this subscription
NEXT

Already have an account? Login here
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://brooklyneagle.com/articles/2024/06/10/our-world-in-photos-june-10-2024/ 
 ----- 
