Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Decreased velo no problem for Sale as bats tee off for 6 HRs
Share
Decreased velo no problem for Sale as bats tee off for 6 HRs
September 19th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share

0:02

0:51

CINCINNATI -- Chris Sale may have already locked down the National League Cy Young Award. But the rejuvenated ace still has plenty to prove next week, when he attempts to pitch the Braves into the postseason.

Sale’s biggest starts of the season awaited him after he benefited from six home runs, including two from both Michael Harris II and Matt Olson, in a 15-3 win over the Reds on Thursday afternoon at Great American Ball Park. The only concern coming out of this outing was the velocity drop the veteran hurler experienced, especially in his fifth, and last, inning.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

"Sometimes you feel great and sometimes you've just got to find a way through it. Day game. Hot. I just had to find a way to get through that one," Sale said.

Sale entered Thursday with his four-seam fastball averaging 94.9 mph. The pitch sat between 92.1 mph and 95.5 mph in the third. But it ranged from 89.7 mph to 90.9 mph most of the next two innings. His last fastball of his 93-pitch effort was 92.5 mph.

“I could tell he was beat,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “It was hot. It was an early game. Those old bones probably didn’t have a chance to get going real good.”

Sale was given some breathing room as the Braves hit a season-best six home runs. They became the first team in MLB history to tally four three-run home runs in one game.

Having gained an 8-1 lead entering the bottom of the fifth, Sale could have been conserving energy. The Braves have the option to bring him back on normal rest to start Tuesday’s series opener against the Mets. This would also make him available to pitch the regular-season finale if the Braves need to win that day to reach the postseason.

With wins in the final two games of this three-game set, the Braves moved to 1 1/2 games behind both the Mets and D-backs in the battle for the National League’s third and final Wild Card spot.

“We know where we’re at and we know what we’re up against,” Sale said. “It’s right there in front of us.”

Even with the velocity drop, Sale limited the Reds to two runs over five innings. The 35-year-old veteran continues to lead MLB in ERA (2.38), wins (18) and strikeouts (225). He is aiming to become the first pitcher to win MLB’s Triple Crown in a 162-game season since Johan Santana in 2006.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Sale claims Braves' 8th Cy Young Award

November 21st, 2024

Southpaws Skubal, Sale add Cy Young to mantel after Triple Crown seasons

November 21st, 2024

“Knowing what we have in him going into [next week] and later on as well, which would be next month, it will be fun to watch,” Harris said.

As long as Sale is healthy, the Braves are in a much better spot than they were on Tuesday, when they suffered a third straight loss and fell to 0-4 on the season against the Reds. The clutch hitting woes that plagued the team early in the week disappeared with the return of the long ball over the past couple days.

“Hopefully, they’re getting some momentum, and this is a good place to start,” Snitker said. “This ballpark is [good] for hitting.”

Olson certainly would like to play in Cincinnati more frequently. The Braves’ first baseman gave Sale an early lead with a second-inning leadoff homer. His three-run shot in the fifth gave him seven homers within a span of 22 at-bats at GABP going back to last season. He needs just two more home runs to secure a fourth straight 30-homer season.

Harris also seems to be heating up at the right time. His eighth-inning homer gave him a home run in three consecutive games for the first time in his career. His ninth-inning homer gave him his second multihomer game of the season. He tallied his other on Sept. 10 against the Nationals.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Sale also benefited from home runs hit by Jorge Soler and Ramón Laureano. The Braves have leaned on their rotation throughout this season. But this would be a good time for the offense to begin sharing some of the load.

“You hope you can take something from this and keep the momentum rolling,” Sale said.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Chris Sale

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

36 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/chris-sale-solid-against-reds-as-braves-offense-rolls 
 ----- 
