MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Olson homers twice and Sale wins his major league-leading 18th as the Braves rout the Reds 15-3
Updated Sep. 19, 2024 10:05 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CINCINNATI (AP) — Matt Olson hit two of Atlanta's six home runs, Chris Sale coasted to his major league-leading 18th win and the Braves beat the Cincinnati Reds 15-3 on Thursday.

The Braves became the first team in major league history to hit four three-run homers in a game, according to Elias. They remained two games behind the final NL wild-card spot.

Along with his career-best win total, Sale (18-3) also leads the majors in ERA (2.38) and strikeouts (225).

“I felt good. I was able to get through it,” said Sale, who is expecting to make two more starts and a chance to win 20 games. “This was a little bit of a grind but when the offense goes off like that, it takes a little bit off what I need to do."

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Sale pitched five innings, allowing two runs and five hits with two walks and six strikeouts. It was the 18th consecutive game in which he allowed two runs or fewer.

“I could tell he was beat (tired),” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “I just think it was hot. It’s an early game. The way he competed to get through that thing, especially in that last inning, he’s different. He has 18 wins for a reason.”

Olson hit his 27th home run and second of the series leading off the second inning. Ramon Laureano hit a three-run homer in the third, his ninth, off rookie Julian Aguiar.

“I like to hit here. It’s just the park, a smaller park,” Olson said. “It has a short right-field fence. A couple balls get out here that aren’t good enough in other places. It’s fun as a hitter. Hopefully, this is a nice little spark.”

Marcell Ozuna doubled in a run in the fifth after Aguiar hit Michael Harris II and Jorge Soler to lead off the inning. Olson greeted Yosver Zuleta with his second homer of the game. It was his fourth multi-homer game of the season and 25th of his career.

Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
How to Fit Cowboy Boots & Western...
Ariat|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

Harris hit the Braves' sixth home run with two on in the ninth off Brandon Leibrandt.

The Braves rebounded from a loss Monday night to take the last two games of the season series. The Reds won 4-2.

“These guys, for as long as I can remember, have a really good way of turning the page,” Snitker said. “Every day is a new day. These guys epitomize that. They put a bad one behind them. They don’t rest on their laurels on a good one.”

Soler's 20th home run with two on also came off Leibrandt, the son of former Braves' and Reds' pitcher Charlie Leibrandt. Harris hit his 14th home run and third of the series in the eighth.

Rookie Blake Dunn brought his .095 average to the plate in the third inning. He hit a leadoff single. Dunn stole second and third and scored on Jonathan India's single. The Reds loaded the bases but Ty France hit into a double play.

Dunn hit his first big league home run leading off the fifth inning.

“It was really cool in the moment. Reflecting back on it now, it would have been better if we got a win with it, too. He’s been an amazing pitcher for a long time,” Dunn said.

Dunn walked and scored his third run of the game on Elly De La Cruz's single.

Aguiar (2-1) pitched four-plus innings. He was charged with seven runs on six hits.

“It was a tough day in all areas,” Reds' manager David Bell said. “What is going to make Aggie good is his command. He was off a tick today. The Braves put good swings on the ball and took advantage.”

Snitker confirmed after the game that Ozzie Albies will be activated for the series in Miami.

UP NEXT

Braves: Travel to Miami to start at three-game series. Charlie Morton (8-8, 4.01 ERA) pitches for the Braves.

Reds: Host Pirates starting Friday. Nick Martinez (9-6, 3.37 ERA) is scheduled to start.

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Chris Sale
Matt Olson
Atlanta Braves
Chris Sale
Matt Olson
Atlanta Braves
Cincinnati Reds
MLB - Atlanta Braves vs. Cincinnati Reds - 09/19/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/olson-homers-twice-and-sale-wins-his-major-leagueleading-18th-as-the-braves-rout-the-reds-153 
 ----- 
