 MENU
My Picks
Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction MLB Picks 9/19/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 18, 2024 10:30 pm
Cincinnati Reds (73-78) vs Atlanta Braves (81-69)
Game Info: Thursday, September 19, 2024 at 1:10 pm (Great American Ball Park)
Julian Aguiar (2-0) (4.88) vs Chris Sale (17-3) (2.35)
Betting Odds: Cincinnati Reds +172 / Atlanta Braves -204 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Atlanta Braves and the Cincinnati Reds meet Thursday in MLB action from Great American Ball Park. Here’s an Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds prediction. This will be the final installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Braves vs Reds pick. We will examine:

The Atlanta Braves' recent form and player performance

The Cincinnati Reds' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Atlanta Braves

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Cincinnati Reds

Recent betting trends in games played between the Braves and Reds

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Braves vs Reds game

Atlanta Braves Betting Preview

Over the weekend the Braves took on the Los Angeles Dodgers. Atlanta managed to win two of those four games for a split. After a 6-5 loss to the Reds in their opener, on Wednesday the Braves powered out the win 7-1.

In the starter slot for the finale, the Braves are sending out Chris Sale. So far this year Sale is 17-3 with a 2.35 ERA in 28 starts. Sale is 137-83 with a 3.04 ERA in 371 career games (291 starts).

Cincinnati Reds Betting Preview

Over on the Reds’ side, they played the Minnesota Twins over the weekend. Cincinnati won the first pair before a 9-2 loss Sunday. In Wednesday’s game, the Reds were out-hit 10-5 in the defeat.

It’ll be Julian Aguiar in the starter role for the Reds on Thursday. This year Aguiar is 2-0 with a 4.88 ERA in the first six starts of his career.

Total Runs Facts
Seven of the Reds' last eight games against National League opponents have gone UNDER the total run line.
Four of the Braves' last five games have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the last five-day games between the Braves and Reds at Great American Ball Park.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Braves' last three-day games against NL Central opponents.
Cincinnati Reds Player Prop Facts
Jake Fraley has hit a home run in four of his eight previous appearances at Great American Ball Park against NL East opponents that held a winning record.
Spencer Steer has recorded at least one RBI in three of the Reds' last four games as home underdogs against the Braves.
Elly De La Cruz has scored a run in each of the Reds' last four games against NL East opponents at Great American Ball Park.
Ty France has recorded at least one Single in each of the Reds' last five games against NL East opponents that held a winning record.
Elly De La Cruz has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Reds' last five games against NL East opponents at Great American Ball Park.
Ty France has recorded at least one hit in seven of his last eight appearances with his team as an underdog against NL East opponents.
Atlanta Braves Player Prop Facts
Michael Harris has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 12 appearances with the Braves as road favorites against NL Central opponents.
Chris Sale has recorded a win in three of his last four appearances with the Braves as favorites.
Matt Olson has hit at least one home run in four of the Braves' last five games against the Reds at Great American Ball Park.
Ozzie Albies has recorded a Double in each of his last three road appearances against NL opponents.
Austin Riley has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances with the Braves as road favorites against NL Central opponents.
Ozzie Albies has scored at least one run in each of his last six appearances against the Reds.
Chris Sale has recorded seven or more strikeouts in eight of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Matt Olson has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Braves' last five road games against the Reds.
Michael Harris has recorded at least one total base in each of the Braves' last 14 road games against NL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction

I’ll stick with the Braves. Sale is on quite a roll these days. Over his last three starts Sale is 2-0 with just one earned on 13 hits and three walks in 19.0 innings of work. As for Aguiar, he’s 1-0 with five earned in 13.2 total innings over his last three starts.

On Wednesday Atlanta didn’t get it going offensively until the seventh inning. The Braves’ bullpen was great on 3.0 innings, with no hits, no earned, one walk, and three Ks. I like Atlanta to keep rolling behind Sale on Thursday.

Andrew’s Pick
Atlanta Braves -204
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-19/atlanta-braves-vs-cincinnati-reds-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
