Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Los Angeles Angels Shortstop Zach Neto Posts 6-RBI Game, Makes Franchise History
Zach Neto went 3-for-5 with two home runs and six RBI against the Houston Astros on Sunday, becoming the first shortstop in Los Angeles Angels history achieve a major feat.
Sam Connon | Sep 23, 2024
Sep 22, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Los Angeles Angels shortstop Zach Neto (9) runs to first base on a bases-clearing double during the ninth inning against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park. / Troy Taormina-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Angels

Zach Neto almost singlehandedly powered the Los Angeles Angels to victory on Sunday, making history in the process.

The 23-year-old shortstop started the afternoon 0-for-2, all while the Houston Astros jumped out to a 4-0 lead. That deficit got cut in half, however, when Neto came through with a two-run home run in the top of the sixth.

Los Angeles tied things up in the seventh, setting the stage for Neto to blast a leadoff, go-ahead solo home run in the eighth. Houston retook the lead in the bottom of the frame, though, then sent out Josh Hader to lock down the win.

Despite being the highest-paid closer in the American League, Hader loaded the bases then issued a game-tying walk. The bases were still juiced for Neto, who delivered a three-RBI double to left.

That chased Hader off the mound and gave the Angels all the insurance they would need to fend off an Astros comeback in the bottom of the ninth. Los Angeles held on to win 9-8, all while Neto went 3-for-5 with two home runs, two runs, six RBI and 10 total bases.

It marked Neto's second six-RBI performance of 2024, joining his explosion against the New York Yankees on Aug. 7.

According to Underdog Fantasy's Justin Havens, Neto is the first shortstop in Angels franchise history to post multiple six-RBI games in a single season. The only other players, regardless of position, to achieve the feat for the club are Mike Trout, Kendrys Morales and Mo Vaughn.

Neto is now batting .248 with 23 home runs, 30 stolen bases, 77 RBI, a .761 OPS and a 4.9 WAR in 2024, appearing in 152 of Los Angeles' 156 games so far. Considering that's the production he's put forth in his first full MLB season, it's safe to say Neto has cemented himself as a key piece in the Angels' rebuild.

The Angels have Monday off, then open a series with the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday. While Los Angeles is currently on pace to finish with its worst winning percentage in franchise history, Chicago has already tied the modern MLB record for most losses in a single season.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 23, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/los-angeles-angels-shortstop-zach-neto-posts-second-6-rbi-game-of-the-season-makes-franchise-history-vs-houston-astros-01j8ffbyg2gm 
 ----- 
