Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Rookie Josh Jung Cleared to Return During Playoff Push
Josh Jung, along with Adolis Garcia, could return for the Texas Rangers homestand starting Monday against the Boston Red Sox.
Cole Thompson | Sep 14, 2023
Texas Rangers Rookie Josh Jung Cleared to Return During Playoff Push /
In this story:
Texas Rangers

With the Texas Rangers in the midst of a playoff push, rookie Josh Jung is on the verge of bringing his powerful bat back to the lineup.

The Rangers have cleared the All-Star third baseman for all baseball actives. Jung will take live at-bats at the Spring Training facility in Surprise, Ariz., over the weekend and could be activated as early as Monday for the start of a three-game series against the Boston Red Sox. 

Helping the cause even more, Adolis García is slated to come of the injured list Monday and could also be ready to play.

© Brad Mills-USA TODAY Sports

Texas (81-64) is sitting second in the American League West and Wild Card race going into Thursday's series finale at the Toronto Blue Jays. Texas has won the first three games of the series. 

The Dallas Morning News reported that Jung was medically cleared after his surgically-repaired left thumb was examined by a hand specialist on Thursday in Arizona. Clearance may not mean a full healing of the injury.

Jung told reporters last week that the injury would not completely heal until the offseason. He previously said range of motion and pain tolerance will be the biggest things he'll need to be productive.

The good news with Jung comes a day after the Rangers learned that Max Scherzer would be lost for the rest of the regular season and possibly the playoffs. Texas is also awaiting the return of injured All-Star outfielder Adolis García.

Jung, who was in a close race for AL Rookie of the Year, has not played since Aug. 6 after suffering a fractured thumb. The Rangers have struggled to find stability on the corner, dividing games between Ezequiel Duran, Josh Smith and Jonathan Ornelas.

Prior to injury, Jung posted a .274/..323/.489 slash line with a .489 slugging percentage. He had 22 home runs, 67 RBI and 22 doubles. 

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Instagram.

Published Sep 14, 2023
COLE THOMPSON

Cole Thompson is a sports writer and columnist covering the NFL and college sports for SI's Fan Nation. A 2016 graduate from The University of Alabama, follow him on Twitter @MrColeThompson.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/texas-rangers-rookie-josh-jung-cleared-injury-return-mlb-playoff-race 
 ----- 
