Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Dallas Cowboys
Cowboys-Giants rivalry reaches new level as video emerges of trash talk from Dallas sideline

Perhaps this is bulletin board material for the Giants

Daniel Jones tries to evade pressure from DeMarcus Lawrence.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 13/09/2023 - 23:17 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Jerry Jones declares Dak Prescott a better leader than Aikman and Romo
NFL. Cowboys' Micah Parsons publicly defends Daniel Jones following Giants' embarrassing defeat

The Dallas Cowboys' 40-0 evisceration of the New York Giants on Sunday night was a historic result in the context of this longstanding NFL rivalry. Dallas bolted out to a 16-0 lead by the end of the first quarter, and the game was, for all intents and purposes, over by halftime.

In fact, the game got out of hand so fast that Cowboys defensive linemen DeMarcus Lawrence and Osa Odighizuwa were already celebrating -- and doling out copious trash talk -- even before the first half was done.

Giants' offensive line pulverized

Lawrence and Odighizuwa cut confident figures at MetLife Stadium on Sunday because they found it so easy to get to Giants quarterback Daniel Jones.

Jones -- the recipient of a new $160 million contract in the offseason -- had one of the worst games of his career on Sunday, when he passed for only 104 yards and threw two interceptions. This is largely because the right side of New York's offensive line simply could not keep up in pass protection.

Right uard Mark Glowinski, center John-Michael Schmitz, and right tackle Evan Neal all graded out poorly in pass-blocking metrics, according to the Pro Football Focus rating system. Star left tackle Andrew Thomas, who also agreed to a lucrative contract extension before the season, had a below-average game of his own protecting Jones' blind side.

The latest chapter in the rivalry

The Cowboys' win on Sunday stands as their 74th victory in the all-time series with the Giants. Dallas now leads the all-time series, 74-47 (with two ties).

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

The 40-0 humiliation is the heaviest shutout loss that New York has sustained in the all-time series -- that's over 60 years of meetings between the NFC East rivals. The Giants can seek a slice of revenge in the rematch at AT&T Stadium on Nov. 12 -- which surely feels like an eternity from now for Giants fans.

Daniel Jones' blank stare after 40-0 loss to Cowboys: "It wasn't our best game"@SNYGiants

While the Giants could not have pictured a worse start to the 2023 NFL season, Dallas fans are daring to dream once again of a deep playoff run -- and, just maybe, a first Super Bowl appearance in nearly three decades. The Cowboys defense could be a dominant unit if it remains healthy, and Dallas didn't even need the best version of Dak Prescott to wallop the Giants on their home turf.

New York Giants - English
Dallas Cowboys - English
NFL - English
NFL2023 NFL season: Full Week 1 scores & recaps of Sunday games
Tennessee TitansDeAndre Hopkins ousts the four NFL teams that rejected him when he was a free agent
Cowboys 40 - 0 GiantsGIANT humiliation: NFL fans ruthlessly mock Daniel Jones and Giants... Did Cowboys end their season just as it started?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/dallas-cowboys/2023/09/14/65027fede2704e50248b4576.html 
 ----- 
