BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
England
Men's Scores & Fixtures
Women's Scores & Fixtures
Men's Table
Women's Table
ADVERTISEMENT
You're the England manager - what would you do?
Published
24 June 2024

From the moment the final whistle blew in Frankfurt on Thursday, Gareth Southgate and his England team have been under the microscope.

A flat display against Denmark saw England draw 1-1 and, while they did stay top of Group C, pundits and supporters alike have questioned what they see as a lack of intensity and gameplan from England so far at Euro 2024.

So, if you were given the chance to lead the side out against Slovenia in Cologne on Tuesday, what would your approach be?

You can select your XI, map out your tactics and deliver the all-important pre-match team talk below...

Choose your line-up and formation

Former England forwards and BBC Sport pundits Wayne Rooney and Alan Shearer have both said they would make changes for the final group game - do you agree?

Does Trent Alexander-Arnold need replacing in midfield? Would Anthony Gordon bring balance to the attack? Is it even time to change formation altogether?

England XI for Euro 2024 final
Select your England XI for their Euro 2024 final against Spain
Selected formation:
4-3-3
, Change formation
Choose goalkeeper

Choose right back

Choose right centre back

Choose left centre back

Choose left back

Choose right centre midfield

Choose centre midfield

Choose left centre midfield

Choose right wing

Choose strike

Choose left wing

Select your tactics

Slovenia are ranked 57th in the world - 52 places below Southgate's England. They have never beaten the Three Lions, so how would you instruct your side to go about the game?

A draw will guarantee progression from Group C, while victory will win the group...

What information do we collect from this quiz?

England's passing accuracy in their opening game against Serbia was 89.6%, with 57% of their passes coming in the opponent's half.

Against Denmark that second stat fell to 46% as Jordan Pickford lost possession 13 times with some long clearances.

So how would you have them play?

What information do we collect from this quiz?

Rarely can pressing have been such a pressing matter. The BBC Sport pundits are worried there is no plan, with Shearer saying: "The players look confused to me as to when and how to go, and when they want to press the opposition.

"That, for me, comes from the manager."

It's over to you then...

What information do we collect from this quiz?
Deliver the team talk

You've announced your line-up. Your coaching staff have been working on your chosen style of play ever since the Denmark game finished. Now it's all down to the players.

Before they go out on to the pitch, however, you've got a few moments left to deliver one last message.

Is there a particular instruction you need to focus on? Or is it time to deliver a final rallying call? Use the form below to send us your pre-match team talk.

Get in touch

This closed on 25th June 2024.

A selection of your team talks

Jag, Slough: You've earned the right to be here. Now go and show them what you're capable of. Let others take note of what it means to play for your country, to wear your shirt with honor and pride, and that we won't go quietly into the night without roaring with all of our Lion might.

Will, Whitwick: Attack attack attack.

Bondy, Waterlooville: Right lads, no more excuses, we were dire in the last match and we know it. We need to press more to stop our opponents getting into any rhythm and force them into mistakes. We counter hard, and when in possession we look to play the ball forward like we know we can. When we get a goal, the job is only half done, and we need to keep up the intensity to get another. You don't win prizes for being cautious, so let's go out there and be positive.

Liam, UK: Play to your strengths, attack, play on the front foot and for the love of God, don't try and defend a one-goal lead 15 minutes into the game!

Andrew, Wantage: Play without fear. Do not pass backwards or sideways.

Nicola, Newbury: Look at the badge on your chest, not just one lion because it takes more than one person to make a team. Lions hunt in packs as they work together, and they live in a pride. Take it... Lion, Pride, Together.

Brian, Staffordshire: Attack attack attack.

Simon, Teesside: Lads, I want the same attitude and work rate from you as the Lionesses did when they won this tournament. Leave everything out on that pitch. Don't give them an inch of space or a second of breathing time. That ball is yours, wherever it is on the pitch, so go and get it, call for it, hold it, deliver it. This is an opportunity for you to show the teams we're going to face what they're up against. I know you can do it, the fans know you can do it, so get out there and do it!

Paul, Skipton: I want to see more movement off the ball. Pressing when not in possession and running into space when we have the ball. Do that and the goals will come.

Davey, Aberdeen: Get it in the mixer.

Paul, Brighton: You are masters of your own destiny. Believe in yourself and the team and you will triumph. This is your chance to write history. Seize it.

Jonathon, Margate: Today is our day! We've worked hard, and now it's time to show what we're made of. We've put in the hours, the sweat, the dedication. Every drill, every moment has led us here. Remember, we're not just playing for ourselves, but for each other. We're a family on this field. Stick to our game plan. Stay tight on defence, press high, and capitalise on every opportunity. Trust in the system we've built. We win together, we lose together. Believe in yourselves. We've beaten tougher teams; we've overcome bigger challenges. Give everything you've got. Play like champions.

Sofie, St Albans: Aim for inside the net, preferably in their goal.

John, Shrewsbury: Attack, attack, attack.

Richard, Coventry: Play with a smile on your face, forget the detractors. Go and enjoy yourself. I believe in you, believe in each other and yourself.

Reedh, Slough: Alright lads, I want goals. I want you to have the mentality that the game is never finished. Don't be afraid to make mistakes. I'm giving you the freedom to express yourselves on the pitch. I want lots of pressing and when we do have the ball look for the pass in behind. Most importantly, enjoy the football and let's go win it!

Roy, Mansfield: This is our moment! You have the talent, you have the pace and you have the energy. The shackles are off. Go and express yourselves and make history.

Jay, Sevenoaks: You are literally living your childhood dreams right now, so go out there with a smile on your face and enjoy yourselves.

Taz, Hillingdon: He who dares, wins!

David, Winchester: Press hard. Man-to man-marking. Play through Saka, Foden and Gordon. Aim for Watkins to feet or over the top. Don't waste set pieces and ensure that we bypass the first defender. Play out from the back mainly but also go long from Pickford if we are under pressure.

Alex, Milton Keynes: Stay Positive. Stay Calm. Believe.

If you think you are fatigued, you dont know what fatigue is. If you think you are under pressure, you dont know what pressure is. If you think you are heroes, you better make sure you play like heroes.

Jay, Fleet: I will buy you lot an ice cream if you win!

Related topics
UEFA Euro 2024
Football
England Men's Football Team
Top stories

Littler fights past White and into Worlds fourth round

Published
5 hours ago

Atalanta stay top of Serie A with late equaliser at Lazio

Published
6 hours ago

Australia v India - fourth Test scorecard

Elsewhere on the BBC

The school run and playdate politics

Parenting chaos, PTA drama and no alone time

Challenging the news to a game of football

A mischievous look behind the week's headlines with clips, unexpected guests, and satire

A tale of ambition and fame gone wrong

From promises of a medical revolution to losing it all

Saturnalia: Celebrate the Ancient Roman mid-winter festival

Natalie Haynes creates stand-up routines about figures from ancient Greece and Rome.

Elsewhere in Sport

Where are all the English managers?

'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt. Video
'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich. Video
'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich

'If I'm in the firepit again, I can get out'

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Slam success & ranking rises - how British tennis thrived in 2024

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

'Self-doubt, errors & big changes' - inside the crisis at Man City

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

How Salah's stats rank among Premier League greats

How heavyweight division is shaping up - and fights we want to see

Delivery, timing and 'dark arts' - the anatomy of a set-piece

How Alfred went from breaking point to Olympic 100m gold

Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury. Video
Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/articles/c877z7z5zl6o 
 ----- 
