Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL West  /  San Diego Padres
The Collapse of the San Diego Padres
By James Marshall
Photo by Denis Poroy/Getty Images
Category San Diego Padres
September 17, 2023

The San Diego Padres have collapsed in 2023 Finally after decades of disappointment, the Padres had a team of significance the past two seasons. This team was supposed to be one of the best teams in the league this season and challenge for the World Series. Everyone from predictors, to fans, to the front office to the players and manager Bob Melvin are wondering what happened. Though they’ve won four games in a row, with only 12 left to play, the team most likely will not make the playoffs.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
What Happened

The Padres followed up a winning April with back-to-back losing months in May and June. They had a winning record in July, then went 10–18 in August. Also, not winning an extra inning game in 11 tries has contributed. They also had the worst record in the majors in one run games at 6–22.

They also struggled to win at home with only three games above .500 at 39–36. Their batting average of .241 with runners scoring position also has contributed to their lackluster season. They also rank 21 in the majors with leaving an average a 3.53 runners in scoring position per game. Statistics like that are what is called hitting rock bottom.

Payroll

The San Diego Padres’ collapse in 2023 is surprising since they had the No. 3 ranked highest payroll in the majors, $247 million worth of players and investment. They also had the top three hitters, Xander Bogaerts, Manny Machado and Juan Soto , none of whom are having the year that everyone, including themselves, thought they would have. Even Fernando Tatis Jr., who missed time due to a suspension, is not having the season that everyone wanted from this superstar. He was expected to take the next step in becoming the leader of this team.

No Motivation

Fans have said there is no motivation from this team. When you are a team with “heart,” you win close games. You find a way to come back and show fight. That has not happened on a consistent basis with the 2023 Padre players. For whatever reason, they do not appear to be having any fun playing the game.

Bob Melvin

The San Diego Padres have been unsuccessful in 2023 amid their collapse. Should manager Bob Melvin be blamed? The manager is naturally to blame and fans want to blame him right away. Especially if a talented team is failing at every level of play. Remember, Melvin came to the Padres with a long history of success and is widely regarded as one of the best managers in all of Major League Baseball.

He has a reputation for getting the best out of younger players. He is seen as one of the top communicating managers in today’s game. Some have said he is not getting respect from this star-packed locker room. Some suggest he lost the respect of the team and is seen as the scapegoat for their problems. But, the issue goes way beyond Melvin.

Tension in the Clubhouse

Back in early July there were reports of tension in the clubhouse. They mentioned finger-pointing, disagreements about the approach to the games and even and claims of laziness and a lack of preparation from some high-profile players. Conflict and discord among the players will not get you many wins. It’s hard to play as a team when you don’t feel like a team.

The Conclusion

The conclusion is that the game of baseball comes down to execution and fundamentals. The little things really matter in the game. Getting along with your teammates really does matter. Team chemistry among the high-profile players and the lesser-known players is very much an important aspect in the game of baseball today. The Padres simply do not have that right now and only they can change this to avoid another collapse.

Though the team is not technically eliminated from the playoffs at this point, they need a small miracle to get back into the race. Sadly, most everyone involved believes they will miss out on the playoffs in 2023, and will have to look forward to the 2024 season.

More San Diego Padres Articles
Article navigation
← The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Diamondbacks Stun Cubs in See-Saw Extra-Inning Thriller
Wilmer Flores’ Home Run Power →
 

 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category San Diego Padres
Tags 2023 San Diego Padres Bob Melvin Clubhouse Fernando Tatis Jr. Juan Soto Manny Machado Payroll Xander Bogaerts
Share "The Collapse of the San Diego Padres" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More San Diego Padres News
Rangers Sign Free Agent Catcher Kyle Higashioka
San Diego Padres
Dodgers Eliminate Padres, Advance to NLCS
San Diego Padres
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
San Diego Padres
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
San Diego Padres
Rangers Sign Free Agent Catcher Kyle Higashioka
San Diego Padres
Dodgers Eliminate Padres, Advance to NLCS
San Diego Padres
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
San Diego Padres
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
San Diego Padres
James Marshall

Jim Marshall has lived in Phoenix, AZ for 50 years. He is an avid baseball fan, but enjoys all of Arizona's local sports teams, including Diamondbacks, Suns, Cardinals and Coyotes. In addition to the four major sports, he closely follows the Phoenix Mercury, Arizona Rattlers and Arizona State Sun Devils. Jim's passion for baseball continues beyond the field as he is an avid collector of baseball memorabilia. His favorite athlete of all time is Baseball Hall of Fame member Harmon Killebrew. In addition to watching, reading and talking about sports, he takes time to travel and appreciate the great state of Arizona with his lovely wife, Patti.

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/17/the-collapse-of-the-san-diego-padres/ 
 ----- 
