Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Padres News: Ha Seong Kim Scratched from Sunday's Lineup With Concerning Abdominal Issue
The Padres have a concerning update on HS Kim.
Clint Pasillas | Sep 17, 2023
Padres News: Ha Seong Kim Scratched from Sunday's Lineup With Concerning Abdominal Issue /
In this story:
San Diego Padres

Before the Padres set off to try and win their fourth game in a row, the lineup took a hit as infielder Ha-Seong Kim was a late scratch from the starting 9. 

Updated lineup:

Profar 1B
Tatis RF
Soto LF
Machado DH
Bogaerts SS
Campusano C
Azocar CF
Batten 2B
Rosario 3B https://t.co/BIhdhSFgnt

— San Diego Padres (@Padres) September 17, 2023

It was later shared that Kim was dealing with abdominal pain. Padres manager Bob Melvin shared what he knew with reporters before the game.

"He's got some abdominal pain -- he's pretty uncomfortable in there. So, won't know for sure what it is until the doctor checks him out but it was pretty evident that he wasn't going to be able to play today."

Melvin added that the issue was bothering Kim last night as well and worsened as the team arrived at the ballpark in Oakland this morning.

Rookie Matthew Batten took the start at second base in place of HSK.

Kim has been one of the Friars' most consistent performers all season long, posting a .265 average with a career high 17 home runs. His 36 stolen bases also lead the Padre offense.

The Padres will fly back home after Sunday afternoon's contest in Oakland and welcome the Colorado Rockies for three games starting on Monday. Hopefully Kim can get back in the lineup by then.

Published Sep 17, 2023
CLINT PASILLAS

Clint is the lead editor for Inside the Padres and other FanNation sites. He is a baseball analyst elsewhere online and has been writing and podcasting in the sports world since 2008.

Follow realFRG

Home
/
San Diego Padres News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/padres/news/padres-news-ha-seong-kim-scratched-from-sundays-abdominal-issue- 
 ----- 
