Skip to content
Subscribe Now
58°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Strong A’s prospect debut can’t prevent first ever Padres sweep against Oakland
Oakland Athletics: Joe Boyle debut overshadowed by Padres sweep
Oakland Athletics pitcher Joe Boyle (35) pitches against the San Diego Padres in the first inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group)
By SHAYNA RUBIN | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 18, 2023 at 4:21 AM PDT

OAKLAND — Joe Boyle should remember fondly his MLB debut. The rookie pitcher held a potent Padres lineup scoreless over three innings. He gave up one hit and struck out four, including two against superstar Fernando Tatis. Jr.

What will the 24-year-old remember most from his big league debut with the A’s?

“I’ll remember how I burned my tongue on a cup of coffee this morning,” he said.

Boyle didn’t even get a memento to put in a glass case or frame for his shelf from his big game; no ball from his first strikeout or lineup card. Even the pre-game butterflies didn’t take long to dissipate. So it was a relaxed debut for the rookie that perhaps matched the nature of the game’s outcome. The A’s lost 10-1, swept by the San Diego Padres on Sunday afternoon at the Coliseum in a three-game series for the first time between these two clubs.

Losing is old hat for the A’s. They’ve now lost 103 games and are in danger of matching a franchise record 108 losses recorded in 1979. But Boyle’s debut signals a movement running upstream to all the losing. Boyle is the 23rd different pitcher to start a game for the A’s this season, and the 6-foot-7 right-handed pitcher’s performance indicates the A’s have another promising arm to add to their arsenal heading into next season. He appeared unfazed by the big league stage.

Oakland Athletics pitcher Joe Boyle (35) pitches against the San Diego Padres in the first inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 

“Once you get out there it just felt like baseball,” Boyle said. “Like, obviously you know the kind of hitters they are. You know they’re good and what they can handle. Their strengths and weaknesses. So you prepare for that going into it.”

Before the game, A’s manager Mark Kotsay didn’t hide that his biggest concern was Boyle’s command issues in the minor leagues the team feared would translate into the pitcher’s debut.

But Boyle’s command issues didn’t overshadow the talent. He walked two batters, but threw a high-90 mph four-seam fastball that topped out at 100 mph, a cutter that reached 92 mph and peppered in seven curveballs. He was pulled having thrown 58 pitches.

“That was the plan,” Kotsay said. “Get his feet wet. Get him out there and turn the ball over to Waldichuk.”

The Padres got to Ken Waldichuk, who came in as the A’s featured pitcher, for two runs on four hits in the fourth inning. Manny Machado doubled while Luis Campusano and Eguy Rosario collected RBIs. Matthew Batten had a two-run hit against him in the sixth inning. Juan Soto hit a two-run home run in the seventh inning and then a grand slam off Devin Sweet in the eighth inning for a six-RBI game.

Oakland Athletics pitcher Ken Waldichuk (64) looks at a new ball as San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run in the seventh inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 

Meanwhile, the A’s offense — which ranks last in the Majors in most statistical categories — couldn’t get much going against most of the Padres arms. They had two hits and three baserunners through six innings. Zack Gelof and Brent Rooker were the only two to get hits against opener Nick Martinez and featured pitcher Pedro Avila.

The A’s loaded the bases with one out in the seventh inning, but third baseman Rosario snagged a line drive by Nick Allen and doubled off the runner at second to keep the A’s scoreless. Rooker hit a solo home run in the eighth inning off reliever Ray Kerr for Oakland’s only run.

Boyle was drafted in the fifth round of the 2020 draft out of Notre Dame and made a rapid rise through the minor leagues. The Reds, desperate for some pitching help amid a postseason push, took left-handed pitcher Sam Moll for the Reds’ No. 28-ranked prospect at this year’s trade deadline.

He’s struggled mightily with his command in the minor leagues as evidenced by his 1.50 WHIP in eight games this year across three minor league teams between the Reds and A’s systems. He averaged 7.1 walks-per-nine innings and 12.9 strikeouts-per-nine in those eight games. In six games between high-A and double-A with the Reds organization last year, he held a 7.5 walk-per-nine rate and 13.7 strikeouts-per-nine.

The A’s selected Boyle’s contract on Sunday morning and placed pitcher Sean Newcomb on the injured list in a corresponding move.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Oakland Athletics’ Zack Gelof (20) connects for a single in the first inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres pitcher Seth Lugo (21) pitches against the Oakland Athletics in the first inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) leaps into the air before being congratulated by San Diego Padres third base coach Matt Williams (18) after hitting a two-run home run in the seventh inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) gestures at home plate after hitting a two-run home run in the seventh inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Matthew Batten (17) throws out Oakland Athletics’ Nick Allen (2) at second base in the fifth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres pitcher Seth Lugo (21) pitches to Oakland Athletics’ Ryan Noda (49) in the first inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) connects for a grand slam home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Oakland Athletics pitcher Devin Sweet (17) stands on the mound as San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) rounds the bases after hitting a grand slam home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) celebrates after hitting a grand slam home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22) celebrates after hitting a grand slam home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Diego Padres’ Juan Soto (22), left, gets a hug from teammate Fernando Tatis Jr. (23) after hitting a grand slam home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 

Originally Published: September 17, 2023 at 3:58 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
Special counsel Jack Smith resigns after submitting Trump report
Asking Eric: I’m always in second place to whomever he’s dating
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Three earthquakes in four hours hit off San Francisco coast
Hydrants’ failure casts Los Angeles fire chief into public spat with City Hall
Five-bedroom home sells in San Jose for $4.9 million
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire enters Day 5
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Two killed, one wounded in North Oakland shooting

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
17
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/17/strong-as-prospect-debut-cant-prevent-first-ever-padres-sweep-against-oakland/ 
 ----- 
