Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
nav_close_menu
Euro 2024
Schedule
Results
Rankings
FOOTBALL
EURO 2024
Euro 2024: Belgium to face France, Ukraine bows out

Ukraine's brave run came to an agonizing end as they became the first team since the tournament increased to 24 teams not to progress with four points.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on June 26, 2024, at 8:36 pm (Paris), updated on June 26, 2024, at 8:51 pm 

2 min read

Ukraine's Heorhiy Sudakov, left, vies for a high ball with Belgium's Kevin De Bruyne during a Group E match between Ukraine and Belgium at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. ARIEL SCHALIT / AP

Belgium, Romania and Slovakia qualified for the last 16 of Euro 2024 on Wednesday, June 26, as war-torn Ukraine were left heartbroken by a thrilling end to Group E. Romania's 1-1 draw with Slovakia in Frankfurt secured the point both nations needed to progress, while Ukraine's brave effort in a 0-0 draw with Belgium was not enough.

All four sides ended the section on four points, but Ukraine paid for their 3-0 defeat to Romania in their opening game as they finished bottom of the group on goal difference. Belgium could be made to pay for making a meal of a group they were expected to cruise as Domenico Tedesco's men will face France in the last 16 after finishing second.

Slovakia advance as one of the best third-placed sides and will find out their last 16 opponents, along with Romania, after Wednesday's final matches in Group F. Belgium's mix of veteran talent and rising stars are just one of a host of favored sides yet to hit their stride in Germany. Their support reacted furiously at the final whistle in Stuttgart, with captain Kevin De Bruyne appearing to tell his teammates not to go over to acknowledge them as the whistles and jeers grew louder.

Ukraine became the first side since the expansion of the Euros to 24 teams to fail to get out of the group stage with four points. It was a tale of what might have been for Serhiy Rebrov's men as Belgium goalkeeper Koen Casteels prevented a corner from crossing the line by centimeters before denying Georgiy Sudakov a memorable winner in stoppage time.

However, in stark contrast to Belgium's rebuke, the Ukrainians were still handed a hero's reception at the end by their band of supporters. "A strong nation is one that remains united and supports each other at all times. Both in times of defeat and in times of victory," wrote Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky on Telegram. "Today we thank the Ukrainian national football team. Despite the disappointing result, you fought for our country... Glory to Ukraine!"

In Frankfurt, Romania ensured progress to the knockout stages of a Euros for the first time in 24 years after coming from behind to take a point. Slovakia went in front on 24 minutes when Ondrej Duda powered home a header. The lead only lasted 13 minutes as Ianis Hagi, son of former Barcelona and Real Madrid star Gheorghe Hagi, won a penalty that was emphatically converted by Razvan Marin.

Two places left in last 16

Only two places in the knockout stages are still up for grabs. Portugal are already through as Group F winners, but all of Turkey, the Czech Republic and Georgia, on their major tournament debut, can join them.

Read more France-Poland: Les Bleus are battling for group victory and team solidarity at Euro 2024

Turkey just need a point against the Czechs to progress in second place. The Czech Republic and Georgia need to win to advance either in second or as one of the best four third-placed sides. Should they both fail to win, Hungary will claim the final place in the last 16.

England will also be keeping a close eye as anything other than a Georgia or Czech win will see them meet the Netherlands in the last 16. Portugal boss Roberto Martinez made eight changes to his side but Cristiano Ronaldo does start as he aims to overtake former Real Madrid team-mate Luka Modric as the oldest goalscorer in European Championship history.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/football/article/2024/06/26/euro-2024-belgium-into-last-16-as-draw-sends-ukraine-home_6675851_130.html 
 ----- 
