Skip to main content
UEFA.com
Home
About
National Associations
Running Competitions
Development
Sustainability
News & Media
You may be also interested in:
Match calendar
Store (national teams)
Store (clubs)
UEFA rankings
Tickets and hospitality
 
UEFA competitions
Clubs
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Conference League
UEFA Youth League
Under-20 Intercontinental Cup
National
European Qualifiers
UEFA EURO 2024
UEFA Nations League
Finalissima
UEFA Under-21
Women
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's European Qualifiers
UEFA Women's Nations League
Women's Finalissima
FIFA Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Under-19
UEFA Women's Under-17
Youth
UEFA Under-19
UEFA Under-17
UEFA Regions' Cup
Futsal
UEFA Futsal Champions League
UEFA Futsal EURO
Futsal Finalissima
UEFA Women's Futsal EURO
UEFA U-19 Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Women’s Futsal European Qualifiers
 
Log in
UEFA EURO 2024
Matches
Groups
Video
Stats
Gaming
Teams
News
Tickets
Event guide
History
About
Store
Go back
Belgium vs Romania EURO 2024 Group E Matchday 2 preview: Where to watch, kick-off time, possible line-ups

Saturday, June 22, 2024

When is it? How can you watch it? What are the possible line-ups? All you need to know about the UEFA EURO 2024 Group E match between Belgium and Romania.

Belgium and Romania meet in their second matches of UEFA EURO 2024 in Group E on Saturday 22 June.

Belgium vs Romania at a glance

When: Saturday 22 June (21:00 CET kick-off)
Where: Cologne Stadium
What: UEFA EURO 2024 Group E Matchday 2
How to follow: Build-up and live coverage can be found here

Where to watch Belgium vs Romania on TV

Fans can find their local UEFA EURO 2024 broadcast partner(s) here. 

What do you need to know?

As many predicted, these sides come into this Matchday 2 fixture after contrasting fortunes in their opening games. Few, though, expected it would be Romania making the running in Group E after a scintillating performance against Ukraine – the nation's first EURO win in 24 years. How do you possibly follow that up? By winning again and sealing a last-16 spot, perhaps?

Stanciu's Romania stunner

Beware the wounded tiger, though. Belgium are smarting after their surprise defeat by Slovakia but, after they had two goals ruled out and squandered a host of good chances on Monday, there is a sense that lightning won't strike twice; trust the process. Domenico Tedesco's team were 14 matches unbeaten going into the tournament and a return to that form would get them back on track.

Who needs what?
Possible line-ups

Belgium: Casteels; Castagne, Faes, Vertonghen, Theate; Tielemans, Onana, De Bruyne; Doku, Lukaku, Bakayoko

Romania: Niță; Rațiu, Burcă, Drăgușin, Bancu; R Marin, M Marin; Man, Stanciu, Mihăilă; Drăguș

Form guide

Belgium:
Form (all competitions, most recent first): LWWDDW

Romania:
Form (all competitions, most recent first): WDDLDW

Expert predictions

David D'Hondt, Belgium reporter

The message from the Belgium camp after their shock 1-0 loss to Slovakia in Monday's group opener is simple: keep calm and carry on. Coach Domenico Tedesco and his players have reviewed the performance and say there was little to fault – just one of those things. The result means there will be almost no margin for error when Belgium take on a Romania side riding the crest of a wave following their 3-0 win against Ukraine.

Get to know Belgium with Bakayoko and Vranckx

Cristina Tache, Romania reporter

If you had said before the tournament that one of these sides would come into this game off the back of a defeat, and the other one a rousing 3-0 win, not many would have picked Romania for the latter. Yet what has been noticeable at their Würzburg base is just how quick the euphoria has been dampened, and sights adjusted to Belgium. Edward Iordănescu has been doing a lot of work on counterattacking and pressing opposition forwards, so both tactics will doubtless be central to the game plan.

What the camps say

Jan Vertonghen, Belgium defender: "We are still masters of our own destiny when it comes to qualifying for the next round, we still have matters in our own hands. In my opinion, we're still the best team in the group. It's not the start we imagined or hoped for, but we must try to stay positive and not be overly dramatic."

Edward Iordănescu, Romania coach, to his players: "Romania, don't forget: we already have points under our belts; we are riding this wave! You are all good players, you are players who can break the mould; you can do this! Let's get them! Let's do this again, Romania! We have to give our best, to be very organised, to be efficient and pro-active, to play good football, stay in good spirits and to make our fantastic fans happy and proud again."

© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.
Last updated: Saturday, June 22, 2024
Selected for you
Highlights, report: Slovakia stun Belgium
Highlights, report: Romania cruise past Ukraine
Who made it through?
EURO daily preview: Saturday
UEFA EURO 2024
Matches
Groups
Video
Stats
Gaming
Teams
News
Tickets
Event guide
History
About
Store
ALSO VISIT
UEFA.com
UEFA Foundation
Store
CHANGE LANGUAGE
English
Français
Deutsch
Русский
Español
Italiano
Português
Privacy Terms and conditions Cookie policy Cookie Settings

© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.

Cookies

We and our third-party partners use cookies on our site to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and serve personalised content as detailed in our Cookie Policy. If you select ‘Accept all’, you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences or disable cookies, select ‘Cookie settings’.

Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.uefa.com/euro2024/news/028e-1b2df040674a-dcc3edf18204-1000--belgium-vs-romania-euro-2024-group-e-matchday-2-preview-w/ 
 ----- 
