quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Thursday

June 6, 2024

 dictionary + A - A 
Son Heung-min and Lee Kang-in lead 7-0 victory over Singapore in World Cup qualifier
Published: 06 Jun. 2024, 23:16
Updated: 06 Jun. 2024, 23:17
PAIK JI-HWAN
paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr

Korea's Lee Kang-in, center left, celebrates scoring a goal with Joo Min-kyu during a 2026 World Cup qualifier against Singapore at the Singapore National Stadium in Singapore on Thursday. [NEWS1]

 
Son Heung-min and Lee Kang-in both scored a double to lead Korea to a 7-0 win over Singapore in a 2026 World Cup qualifier on Thursday, locking in a place in the third round of the qualifiers with one game left to go.
 

Related Article
Stoke City's Bae Jun-ho gets first duty call for senior Korean squad
Champions League-winning manager suspended for 'violent conduct' takes Korea caretaker role
KFA nearing self-imposed deadline to hire national team manager
 
Korea, led by new interim manager Kim Do-hoon, started confidently at Singapore National Stadium, capitalizing on early chances to end the first half up 2-0 before dominating in the second half to seal a massive victory and a place in the next round.  
 
Kim started Ulsan HD striker Joo Min-kyu and Daegu FC defender Hwang Jae-won in the absence of FC Midtjylland striker Cho Gue-sung and Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae, who are of the squad for the June qualifiers due to injury.  
 
The early minutes of the match went in Korea’s favor, with the Taeguk Warriors handling a high line play by Singapore and progressing build ups smoothly.  
 
Lee found a crack in the armor in the ninth minute, dribbling past a defender to smash a shot into the back of the net.  
 
Korea’s first goal triggered a brief but fiery response from the Southeast Asian side, who made their biggest push up the field of the game but were unable to convert.  
 
Joo doubled the lead in the 21st minute with a header from a tidy cross by Kim Jin-su, becoming one of the oldest players in Korean national team history to score a goal at 34 years old, having already become the oldest player ever to be called up for the first time at 33 years and 333 days in March.  
  
The Korean defense looked shaky despite the two goal lead. Fullback Hwang failed to withstand the pressure from an aggressive Singapore, losing the ball multiple times.  
 
But Korea held onto the lead through the end of the first half, partly thanks to midfielder Lee Jae-sung, who played deeper to clear the ball in addition to making effective passes up the pitch.  
 
The early minutes of the second half saw Singapore continuing to play aggressively, but the attack did not last for long.  
 
Son made it 3-0 in the 53rd minute, with Lee scoring his second goal just one minute later. Son came back again in the 56th minute to stretch the score to 5-0.  
 


Korea's Son Heung-min celebrates scoring a goal during a 2026 World Cup qualifier against Singapore at the Singapore National Stadium in Singapore on Thursday. [NEWS1]

 
Stoke City midfielder Bae Jun-ho then capitalized on a cut back to score his debut goal in the 79th minute in his first national team appearance.
 
Hwang Hee-chan, who came on in the second half, added goal No. 7 in the 82nd minute to seal the 7-0 win.    
 
Thursday’s game is an encouraging sign for Korea not only because of the result, but also the effective addition of two new players: Bae and fullback Park Seung-wook.  
 
Bae was agile and showed good positioning, while Park timed through balls well with solid accuracy.
 
Thursday’s win is the second against Singapore in Group C, having also trounced them 5-0 in the first game in November last year.  
 
Thursday’s win sends Korea to the third round of the qualifiers ahead of the last second round fixture against China at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on June 11. In the second round, the group winners and runners-up from each group reach the next round.  
 
The last game against China should be interim manager Kim’s last match in charge, as the Korea Football Association (KFA) said last month that he would take charge of the team only for the two qualifiers this month. The KFA has not reversed its decision.  
 
The appointment of Kim came after the KFA missed its self-imposed deadline to appoint a permanent national team boss by mid-May.
 
The post has been vacant since the KFA sacked Jurgen Klinsmann in February after a one-year stint during which he faced criticism for a perceived lack of tactical awareness and failure to win the AFC Asian Cup.  


Advertisement: 0:30
BY PAIK JI-HWAN [paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Korea Singapore World Cup qualifier Kim Do-hoon
More in Football

 [VIDEO] Postecoglou ready to face Wolves despite squad challenges

 Center-back Kim Ji-soo stands tall in Premier League debut for Brentford

 Berlin sack manager Svensson over poor Bundesliga run

 Brentford defender Kim Ji-soo becomes youngest S. Korean to play in Premier League

 Thrown to the wolves: Hwang Hee-chan's fruitless hunt for success this year

Related Stories

 Son Heung-min scores 50th goal as Korea beat Kuwait 3-1

 [VIDEO] Behind the scenes of Brazil's comeback win against Chile

 Korea beat Iraq 3-2 in thrilling World Cup qualifier

 North Korea to play Japan in Pyongyang, first home game in 4 years

 [VIDEO] Brazil hold their training session to face Venezuela

What’s Popular Now
1
Jeju Air crash victims include a dozen civil servants, including two sisters
2
One of worst aviation disasters on Korean soil leaves nearly all 181 passengers, crew dead
3
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
4
Jeju Air apologizes for crash, pledges to support victims, families
5
Family members cry out for loved ones at Jeju Air crash site
6
All but 2 of 181 passengers and crew presumed dead in Muan plane crash: Authorities
7
Gov't suspends flights for failed safety procedures
8
Authorities confirm 151 deaths in Jeju Air crash, express difficulties in identifying remains
9
Following plane crash tragedy, MBC cancels award show photo wall
10
Acting President Choi's first big test with Jeju Air crash complicated by shorthanded Cabinet
11
Korean chip firms to shift from China on U.S. probe into market flooding: experts
12
Center-back Kim Ji-soo stands tall in Premier League debut for Brentford
13
Jeju Air CEO apologizes for Muan airport crash carrying 181 people
14
Thai authorities attempting to verify identities of fellow nationals in Jeju Air crash
15
Foreign diplomats express condolences to Jeju Air victims
16
IU concert film 'IU Concert: The Winning' to premiere in January
17
Subterranean super-speed: GTX-A from Paju to Seoul Station opens
18
Model Moon Ga-bi addresses rumors about newborn's biological father
19
North Korea decries South Korea-U.S.-Japan cooperation, declares 'toughest' anti-U.S. counteraction strategy
20
'A thorough letdown': 'Squid Game' season two disappoints foreign media outlets

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship

About Company
Contact Us
Newsletter
Advertising
Work for us
FAQ
Notice
Ombudsman
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
E-mail Address Privacy
Juvenile Protection Policy

All materials contained on this site are protected by Korean copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior consent of Joins.com | Tel: 1577-0510




JoongAng Daily Co., Ltd. | Address: 48-6 Sangamsan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Business registration number: 160-86-00572 | CEO & Publisher: Park Chang-hee | Executive Editor: Choi Ji-young

Mail order business report number: 2020-Seoul Mapo-3838 | Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아55177

Date of Registration: 2023. 11. 21 | Juvenile Protection Manager: Chun Young-sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2024-06-06/sports/football/Son-Heungmin-and-Lee-Kangin-lead-70-victory-over-Singapore-in-World-Cup-qualifier/2063208 
 ----- 
