News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query

Manage your account

Help
Add or switch accounts
Sign out
Advertisement
Close this content
Don't Miss
Map of Yahoo Games
Fascinating 2024 trends
Husband died suddenly
Norovirus outbreaks
Subtle home-buying red flags
Millennials going rural
Group fitness classes
New Year’s Eve ideas
Declutter your holiday cards
Cheaper flights in 2025
The Luckiest Zodiac Sign During the Gemini New Moon
Lauren Ash
Mon, June 3, 2024 at 4:45 PM UTC
3 min read
New Moon Gemini Luckiest Zodiac Sign

Shutterstock | Pixel-Shot

This month's new moon in Gemini buzzes with fresh ideas and exciting energy, allowing us to embrace a new chapter in our lives. On Thursday, June 6, 2024, at 8:38 a.m. EST, the new moon in Gemini arrives just in time to kick off the start of summer. During the weeks leading up to the summer solstice on June 20, 2024, the universe gifts you the information you need to change your life forever. June's new moon in Gemini coincides with a Gemini stellium that includes Jupiter in Gemini alongside a Venus cazimi—perfect for sparking new possibilities. While this lunation is fortunate for all zodiac signs, one sign will have the most powerful chance to manifest under the new moon and capture the magic. Want to know which zodiac sign will have the luckiest new moon in Gemini? Read to find out.

When is June's New Moon in Gemini?

The new moon in Gemini arrives on Thursday, June 6, 2024, at 8:38 a.m. EST. Happening alongside a Venus cazimi, this month's new moon is all about expanding our social circles, engaging in meaningful conversations, and embracing new ideas with enthusiasm.

The Zodiac Sign Most Affected by June's New Moon: Gemini

Gemini, this month's new moon is everything you've been wishing and hoping for! Venus and Jupiter will form a positive alliance with the new moon in Gemini on June 6, creating a portal for your manifestations to flow through. New moons occur when the sun and moon come together in the same zodiac sign, bringing your ego (sun) into alignment with your intuition (moon). This conjunction between the luminaries allows you to see things more clearly, release emotional baggage, and make decisions for greater alignment.

Sign up for our newsletter for more astrology content delivered to your inbox.

Gemini energy loves to shake things up, often without any warning. You might find yourself uprooting everything and trusting it'll all work out as it's meant. Usually, Mercury-ruled Gemini prefers to have all the info before making big moves, but this month's new moon, with Jupiter and Venus in the mix, is all about taking a leap of faith. This new moon in Gemini is about wisdom, courage, and jumping into a new adventure. The key? Apply what you've learned from past mistakes to guide your path forward. Get ready for a wild ride!

Advertisement

Gemini is the sign of duality, and this month's new moon will unveil several potential paths for your life. You'll need to choose which journey to embark on—make your decision and embrace what comes with it. With Jupiter in Gemini playing a major role in the new moon on June 6, the stars shine favorably on those who lead with curiosity and challenge themselves to think bigger! This new moon is ushering in an era of connections and environments that truly see and value what you bring. You'll feel confident in your ability to learn on the go and ask the right questions as you develop new skills this month.

UP NEXT: 5 New Moon Manifestation Rituals for Love, Money, & More.

Advertisement
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
25,875 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
The 2025 Astrology Predictions: Your Horoscope Snapshot for the Year Ahead
PureWow
The Ultimate 2025 Horoscope Prediction Guide, According to a Celebrity Astrologer
People
Your Weekly Horoscope Delivers Freeing, Final New Moon of 2024 (12/30-1/4)
Parade
Just In: Your Official Astrological Forecast For 2025
Women's Health
Today’s Daily Horoscope is Healing 12/29: 3 Signs Are Luckiest
Parade
Today’s Daily Horoscope Changes Your Mind 12/28 (3 Zodiacs Are Luckiest)
Parade
Your Daily Work Horoscope for December 29, 2024
Astrology.com
Your 2025 Yearly Tarot Card Reading for Each Zodiac Sign
STYLECASTER
Here Are the Luckiest Days to Get Married in 2025 — and What Dates to Avoid, According to an Astrologer
People
Your January 2025 horoscope is here
Cosmo
Pet horoscopes 2025: Here's what the Year of the Snake has in store for your furry friend
PetsRadar
The question sending shockwaves through Hollywood: How did Blake Lively get those damaging texts?
LA Times
Champion boxer Paul Bamba, 35, dies just 6 days after further beating Mike Tyson's 38-year-old record
Uncrowned
As more Americans go ‘no contact’ with their parents, they live out a dilemma at the heart of Shakespeare’s ‘King Lear’
The Conversation
2025 NFL draft: Top QB prospects quits at halftime, team loses bowl game
Draft Wire
'It's over': Colorado lays egg vs. BYU in last game of Travis Hunter-Shedeur Sanders era
USA TODAY Sports
More than 170 killed after South Korean jet crash-lands at airport. Here’s what we know
CNN
Drew Carey Steps In After 'The Price Is Right' Audience Becomes 'Judgmental'
TheBlast
"ICE" Is One Of The Rudest Dining Habits Ever, And You Might Be Doing It
BuzzFeed
"Once You Have It, You Need To Treat It Before It Gets Worse": Doctors, Dentists, And Other Medical Pros Are Sharing Things Patients Often Overlook Or Omit (But Shouldn't)
BuzzFeed
People Are Sharing Stories About When They Learned That HR Is Not Their Friend And Holy Crap, I Have No Words
BuzzFeed
Musk says ‘hateful unrepentant racists’ must be removed from Republican Party as visa feud deepens
The Independent
Portland men search for Sasquatch, die in Washington forest
KOIN
Hamptons Socialite Candice Miller Reportedly in $33.6 Million Debt After Husband’s Death
Us Weekly
I’m a Bank Teller: 7 Reasons You Shouldn’t Keep More Than $3,000 in a Checking Account
GOBankingRates
James Dean was blackmailed by ‘desperate’ lover who could have destroyed his career: book
Fox News
The New Hire Said, "That's A Woman's Work, I Don't Do Women's Work," And 29 Other People Who Were Fired On Their Literal First Day On The Job
BuzzFeed
Bowl game schedule today: Breaking down the eight college football bowl games on Dec. 28
USA TODAY Sports
Watch the Christmas Day National Anthem that Left NFL Fans "Speechless"
Good Housekeeping
Military Bowl official ends up with bloody face after trying to break up fight late in East Carolina's win
Yahoo Sports
"I Was Bored After Six Hours": People Are Sharing The Travel Destinations That Fell Short Of Their Expectations (Or Surpassed Them Immensely)
BuzzFeed
Trump Backs H-1B Visa Program After Elon Musk Vows ‘War’ During Fiery Online MAGA Debate
The Wrap
10 of the best and 10 of the worst Netflix original movies that came out this year
Business Insider
2024 was a bad year for basic decency in America. You can thank Trump for that. | Opinion
USA TODAY Opinion
Whatever Happened to Eliza Dushku?
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
What Colorado head coach Deion Sanders said after facing BYU
Deseret News
Texas man accused of vandalizing Leavenworth’s Gazebo Park
KIRO
The top MLB free agents left as Corbin Burnes reportedly lands deal
NBC Sports Philadelphia
Video of inmate’s fatal beating shows him handcuffed as correctional officers punch and kick him
CNN
“I'm not gonna talk too much about Guns N' Roses. And especially not about Axl. It only leads to turmoil and torment on my end”: Former GN’R guitarist Bumblefoot reveals his new album, new gear, new tricks - and his favourite track on Chinese Democracy!
MusicRadar
Man, 86, stabbed in Fred Meyer lot, suspect arrested
KOIN
Good Samaritan found dead in Arizona after offering help to a 'stranger with stranded vehicle'
NBC News
See the French AMX-10 fighting vehicle Ukrainian troops are putting to the test
INSIDER
Lakers trade D'Angelo Russell to Nets for Dorian Finney-Smith, Shake Milton
Yahoo Sports
The Cheaper Beef Cut Alton Brown Likes More Than Prime Rib
Tasting Table
7 Worst States To Buy Property in the Next 5 Years, According to Real Estate Agents
GOBankingRates
Vicky Nguyen’s Wardrobe Malfunction During ‘Mom Brain’ Moment On-Air Is Way Too Relatable
HuffPost
Russian tanker tugged to shore for suspected Baltic Sea sabotage was ‘loaded with spy equipment’
The Telegraph
The Biggest Mistakes You're Making At Aldi's, According To Employees & Insiders
Delish
The 5-ingredient Dinner I’ve Made Every New Year's Eve for 20 Years
Simply Recipes
Advertisement
Yahoo!
Health
Parenting
Horoscopes
Shopping
Help
Suggestions
About Our Ads
Site map
Follow us on
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/luckiest-zodiac-sign-during-gemini-164500675.html 
 ----- 
