Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Guardians Creating Chaos In American League Playoff Race
The Cleveland Guardians swept the Texas Rangers last season and already split with the Baltimore Orioles which has massive implications for MLB's playoffs.
Tommy Wild | Sep 23, 2023
© Ken Blaze-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
Baltimore Orioles
Texas Rangers

The Cleveland Guardians were officially eliminated from postseason contention on Friday night as the Minnesota Twins clinched the American League Central. It's disappointing that this is how Cleveland's season came to an end, but there's still a good reason for them to give it their all as the year wraps up.

The Guardians are single-handedly creating chaos in the American League playoff race and the way final standings shakeout could be a direct result of how Cleveland has played over the last week.

The Texas Rangers were in town last weekend and were fresh off a four-game sweep of the Toronto Blue Jays. A series win against the Guardians would have put them in a perfect position to clinch a playoff spot well before the season wrapped up.

However, Cleveland unleashed an offensive avalanche on a struggling Rangers bullpen and swept the team from Arlington. Because of this series win, the AL Wild Card and AL West are an absolute mess with the Rangers, Houston Astros, and Seatle Mariners all separated by one game with a week and a half to play.

The next homestand at Progressive Field started with the AL East-leading Baltimore Orioles coming to town. Whoever wins this division will be the top seed in the American League and have home-field advantage throughout. 

Tampa Bay is chasing the Orioles and are 1.5 games back as of Saturday for this top spot and the Rays are getting a little help from the Guardians along the way. 

Cleveland has won the first two games against Baltimore which clinches at least a series split. If the Guardians do go on to sweep the four-game set and the Rays do their part then there could be a changing of the guard in the AL East before the weekend is over. 

Sep 22, 2023; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Cleveland Guardians catcher David Fry (12) celebrates his game-winning, two-RBI double in the ninth inning against the Baltimore Orioles at Progressive Field. Mandatory Credit: David Richard-USA TODAY Sports / © David Richard-USA TODAY Sports

Guardians fans know that it's not like the team to just give up even if they aren't technically playing for anything at this point in the season. Being the reason why another team misses out on the playoffs or loses a favorable spot in the rankings is a good enough reason to bring your best to the field every day.

Cleveland is already causing disorder and they could still create more before it's all said and done.  

Published Sep 23, 2023
TOMMY WILD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/guardians-creating-chaos-in-american-league-playoff-race 
 ----- 
