Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
Trent Williams punches New York Giants player, doesn't get ejected

The San Francisco 49ers left tackle was let off easy by the officials.

Trent Williams punches A'Shawn Robinson directly in the facemask.Amazon Prime Video
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 21/09/2023 - 21:41 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Texans have C.J. Stroud on "arm management program": Should fans be concerned?
NFL. George Kittle's helmet: Why is it different from what other NFL players wear?

Tensions are always high during NFL games. The adrenaline is pumping, and sometimes it gets the best of players, particularly those playing in the trenches on either side of the line of scrimmage.

On Thursday Night Football, San Francisco 49ers left tackle Trent Williams let his emotions go and punched New York Giants defensive lineman A'Shawn Robinson in the facemask.

Why did Trent Williams react that way?

The incident occurred on the final play of the first half, as the 49ers were kneeling the ball to take it into halftime. Robinson pushed left guard Aaron Banks back, unwilling to concede the play, which angered Williams. Williams pushed Robinson back and the Giant got up in his face.

In the broadcast view of the play, it appears that Williams was provoked by Robinson. Right before Williams unleashes the punch, you can see Robinson hit Williams' helmet with a bit of an uppercut, to which Williams reacted.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Still, it's pretty clear in the NFL rulebook that any sort of punch leads to an ejection from the game. Yet Williams was not ejected and was only flagged. Giants head coach Brian Daboll was reportedly livid at the decision.

It will be interesting to see if the NFL officiating authorities admit a mistake was made. Regardless, it won't make the Giants feel any less slighted.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
New York Giants - English
Trent Williams - English
San Francisco 49ersKyle Shanahan offers heartfelt support after Trent Williams suffers family tragedy
San Francisco 49ers49ers' struggles deepen as Christian McCaffrey's return worsens the offense
San Francisco 49ers49ers' Christian McCaffrey suffers knee injury, raising playoff concerns
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actuall...
Grammarly
Mercedes-AMG 再升級，把握星芒盛放之時
Mercedes-Benz
Pole Vaulter Gave Fans A Little Too...
Novelodge
17+ Actors You Didn't Know Wer...
Journalistate
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/22/650cfe1546163f0b2f8b458e.html 
 ----- 
