Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
Christian McCaffrey ties Jerry Rice's record in 49ers history on TNF

McCaffrey keeps breaking records in the Shanahan offense

TA
Actualizado 21/09/2023 - 22:07 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Former Kansas City Chiefs OL Laurent Duvernay-Tardif announces retirement from football
Bryce Young to miss Panthers-Seahawks with ankle injury -- who will start for Carolina?

Christian McCaffrey is rapidly becoming a cornerstone of the Niner's offensive strategy. Having been traded from the Carolina Panthers to the 49ers last season, McCaffrey's integration has sparked a notable change in Kyle Shanahan's offensive efficiency, significantly enhancing their game.

In the Thursday Night Football clash against the New York Giants,McCaffrey matched a franchise record previously set by the legendary Jerry Rice. With a total of 12 consecutive games scoring a touchdown, including playoffs, McCaffrey's name is now synonymous with franchise excellence, according to reports by Eric Branch of the San Francisco Chronicle. This milestone was reached through a decisive four-yard rushing touchdown in the second quarter, positioning the 49ers at a commanding 17-3 lead.

The 49ers look destined to compete for a championship

The 49ers have had an impressive start to the 2023 season, showcasing a blend of offensive and defensive superiority. Spearheaded by McCaffrey and quarterback Brock Purdy, the 49ers' offense has been electrifying , while the defense remains a dominant force. This balance builds on their previous run to the NFC Championship Game, signaling hopes of greater achievements on the horizon.

MORE in MARCA
Steve Cohen ...
Marca
Bill Clint on sec...
Marca

The journey of the 49ers this season reflects a team destined for Super Bowl aspirations. A dominant victory against the Pittsburgh Steelers marked a strong start, followed by a hard-earned win against the division rival Los Angeles Rams. The synergy between McCaffrey and the rest of the team has been evident in Thursday's home opener, marking a significant step in their season.

As McCaffrey continues to etch his name in the record books and the 49ers demonstrate dominance on both offense and defense, the prospect of them lifting the Lombardi Trophy next February becomes increasingly likely. The performance across the board, paired with McCaffrey's individual brilliance, makes San Francisco once again a strong contender in the race for the Lombardi.

Christian McCaffrey - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
NFL - English
San Francisco 49ersWhy are 49ers players so good at getting YAC? George Kittle reveals the reason
NFL'Captain' Andrew Luck dons his Civil War alter ego to play trivia game after TNF
Giants 12-30 49ersBrock Purdy is still undefeated in regular season (8-0) as 49ers dominate Giants on TNF
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Mark Zuckerberg makes controver...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
【百威旅遊】九州超值選５天～ 2月18、2 6日出發
百威旅遊
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/22/650d027222601d436f8b458f.html 
 ----- 
