www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2023 11 20 → Article 1884278
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Monday, 20 November 2023

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

2026 World Cup Qualifiers: We will beat Ghana again – Comoros fans brag ahead of match

« Prev

Next »

Comments (0)

Listen to Article

Share:

Comoros beat Ghana at the AFCON 2021

Comoros fans have expressed confidence and boldly predicted that their team will beat the Black Stars in the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers on November 21, 2023.

Despite being ranked significantly lower than Ghana, Comoros fans believe their team has the potential to pull off an upset and secure a crucial victory at the Moroni Stadium.

The mood among Comoros supporters is one of unwavering optimism.

They are buoyed by their team's recent impressive performances, following their 4-2 victory over the Central African Republic in the opening match of the qualifiers.

This win coupled with their win over the Black Stars at the 2021 AFCON has instilled in them a belief that their team can defeat Ghana. The little Island country beat Ghana 3-2 in the group stages of the 2021 AFCON.

The Comoros fans who expressed their views under a post made by their football association, also predicted that their team will beat Ghana by four goals.

With the crippling power crisis in the country, some fans also want the nation’s electricity provider to turn off power in the middle of the match to ensure they beat Ghana.

Some fans also expressed their fear that the Black Stars are in for revenge following their win against Ghana at the last AFCON.

Read some of the comments below:



Elgani Abdel
Ohh ohh We're hungry ✌️????????????????#comores269 #verypiya????????????????????????

Housni Nassur
Welcome but you will crawl on your knees all the way home

Goda Mfana Na Mbaba
As a great fervent supporter of Coelacanthes, I do not wish to see these 2 Ayew brothers again with the smiles on their returns, but frustrated with their defeats.
I love these former Olympians, but the Coelacanthes first!
Pictures 4-5-6-7 look good on my way back

Soidioun Soudjai Abdallah
We going to do it again

Ewan Rkt
Comore 4 gana 1

Imany Le-nossente Fall
A game of revenge ???? let's not forget what they did to our goalkeeper in Cameroon.....

Maeldji Marshal
Go green 3 point goal

Mohamed Abdou El Karim
They are our women, they know it

Mhadjou Mmadi Zaid Ben
Go our valiant ambassadors of the Coelacanthes go victory in sha Allah yarab a3lamine #VeriPia ????????????????????????????

Saîd Le Zandry Kely
Cut off the lights on the 21st. We really need to revive the #Mnatsi_wu_tsona_mwedjé ????????????????♥️

Ibrahim Fils Alihoumadi M'colo
Please tell #SONELEC that there must be #Electricity_current across the #National_Territory. CcA????????????????????????

Click here to follow GhanaWeb Sports WhatsApp channel 



Watch the latest episode of Sports Check with Ryan Bertrand



Ghana’s leading digital news platform, GhanaWeb, in conjunction with the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, is embarking on an aggressive campaign which is geared towards ensuring that parliament passes comprehensive legislation to guide organ harvesting, organ donation, and organ transplantation in the country.


JNA/OGB

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah narrates how he resisted 'attempts' from GFA officials to influence Black Stars call-up
It is shameful, hurtful that Black Stars could not qualify for 2025 AFCON - Majeed Waris
Fred Pappoe reveals why GFA haven't sacked Otto Addo yet
What will $1m do to me? - Kwasi Appiah reveals conditions under which he will re-join Black Stars
Coach Otto Addo visits Leicester City duo Fatawu Issahaku and Jordan Ayew
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has no comments yet, be the first to comment
Ebi Bright loses Tema Central seat, as EC declares NPP’s Charles Forson...
Wetin we sabi about suspect for New Orleans attack wey kill 15 pipo
雪之上
|
Sponsored by Taboola
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
A letter to the President-Elect: Transf orming Ghana's education through ...
Ursula Owusu Arrested
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
雪之上
|
Sponsored
了解更多
只是塗藥局賣到翻的「這個」就...會不會太厲害
只是塗藥局賣到翻的「這個」就...會不會太厲害
雪之上
|
Sponsored
了解更多
2024PC遊戲推薦暴力修仙美學，開啟修真新時代，電腦online遊戲
超級好玩免費網頁遊戲，免下載免安裝，不影響電腦系統，輕輕鬆鬆玩遊戲，全台最火爆仙俠
《仙途大世界》
|
Sponsored
現在註冊
弒仙問道，笑戰群雄，浴血開打，開啟修真之旅，成為仙道霸主
超級好玩免費網頁遊戲，免下載免安裝，不影響電腦系統，輕輕鬆鬆玩遊戲，全台最火爆仙俠
《仙途大世界》
|
Sponsored
現在註冊
War Thunder - Register now for free and play against over 75 Million real Players
Fight in over 2000 unique and authentic Vehicles. Fight on Land, on Water and in the Air. Join the most comprehensive...
War Thunder
|
Sponsored
Play Now
Pole Vaulter Gave Fans A Little Too Much
Novelodge
|
Sponsored
News
Here are all the statutory public holidays in 2025
Business
Q1 2025 Mini-Budget: Dr. Amin Adam presents GH¢68.1 billion before Parliament
Entertainment
Keche Joshua replies King Paluta
Africa
Boy of eight survives five days in lion-inhabited game park
Opinions
From Potential to Powerhouse: How Ghana can lead Africa in sports excellence
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2025 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/2026-World-Cup-Qualifiers-We-will-beat-Ghana-again-ndash-Comoros-fans-brag-ahead-of-match-1884278 
 ----- 
