The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Guard Zach LaVine headlines the good news for the Bulls this preseason
A healthy LaVine is always an easy bucket, as he demonstrated Saturday with his 28-point performance in the Bulls’ loss to the Grizzlies. The hope is that the rest of the league is taking notice and realizes he’s still available in a trade.
By  Joe Cowley   Oct 13, 2024, 2:52pm UTC

Bulls guard Zach LaVine has been healthy and happy so far this preseason, and it shows, evident by a 28-point performance on Saturday. Great news for the Bulls, who are hoping his stock is on the rise.

Quinn Harris/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

The first basket was a dunk.

It was free and easy from a fully healthy Zach LaVine, a glimpse of what was to come against the visiting Grizzlies on Saturday.

Less than 30 seconds later, he made a pull-up three-pointer. A few minutes later, another three. Each jumper was a smooth work of art — and possibly the best sign to come out of this preseason for the Bulls.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
Bulls coach Billy Donovan sees All-Star value in Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic
Bulls' Coby White talks about dunking and why he doesn't do it more often
Coby White's dunk over Victor Wembanyama highlights Bulls' comeback victory
Bulls coach Billy Donovan opens up about direction of franchise
LATEST STORIES
Saying a prayer for Bears general manager Ryan Poles
Trump's company won't ban private foreign deals during his presidency a break with first term policy
Ohio State getting shot at sixth national title after win over Texas in CFP semi Cotton Bowl
Balanced Kankakee beats Crete-Monee
Notre Dame football fans hope for a championship
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Saturday, January 11, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 11, 2025, 6:01am UTC
BLACKHAWKS
Through Blackhawks' woes, Frank Nazar is one player bringing the right attitude
Nazar hasn’t been rewarded with many points in the NHL yet, but he has played well. He also has the perfect personality to maintain confidence through the Hawks’ team struggles, which continued Friday in a 5-3 loss to the Red Wings.
By Ben Pope  Jan 11, 2025, 3:47am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Unsigned, under-appreciated senior Cameron Thomas scores 32 as Mount Carmel dominates St. Ignatius
Mount Carmel senior Cameron Thomas may be the best player in the Catholic League. He’s undoubtedly one of the best players in the area.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 11, 2025, 3:35am UTC
NEWS
Off-duty Chicago police detective found dead inside Mount Greenwood home
The 59-year-old man was found about noon Friday with a gunshot wound to the head.
By Kade Heather  Jan 11, 2025, 3:17am UTC
CHICAGO SKY AND WNBA
Allie Quigley inducted into DePaul Athletics Hall of Fame
Quigley set all kinds of records at DePaul in 2004-08, including becoming one of four players to score at least 2,000 career points. She led the Blue Demons to four consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances, including their first Sweet 16 in 2006.
By Annie Costabile  Jan 11, 2025, 2:56am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2024/10/13/two-guard-zach-lavine-headlines-good-bulls-this-preseason 
 ----- 
