NBA
Chicago Bulls
Zach LaVine's preseason play for Bulls draws blunt Billy Donovan review

Zach LaVine was a man on a mission for the Bulls against the Grizzlies on Saturday night.

By 

Scotty White

Oct 13, 2024 at 9:04 PM ET

NBA action is back as preseason play got going this week, and the Chicago Bulls have had two games so far. They took down the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday, and they lost against the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night. There are a lot of guys to keep an eye on that are on this Bulls team, and one of them is Zach LaVine.

Related Chicago Bulls News
Article continues below
Bulls’ Lonzo Ball sends message to tease LiAngelo Ball new single
8h
Nikola Vucevic’s brutally honest assessment of trade rumors
12h
All the teams vibing to Liangelo Ball’s viral song Tweaker right now
14h
Draymond Green gives Derrick Rose big Hall of Fame endorsement
19h

Zach LaVine missed most of last season because of injury trouble, and a lot of people expected him to be traded. He is back with the Bulls, however, and he is by far the highest-paid player on the team. He needs to show that he is making this team better, and so far, Chicago head coach Billy Donovan has been pleased with his play.

“Zach [LaVine] was really decisive,” Billy Donovan said of LaVine after the loss to the Grizzlies, according to an article from NBA.com. “He took his shots when they were there. What was encouraging on the threes, there was no hesitation; he just went up and shot it. He got off to a great start, shot unbelievable from three. He can get on a run. He can go 0-for-4 and then come back and make 6-for-6, so I never worry (if he’s missing). I thought he was really decisive, and when he had daylight and a crack he shot it. We need him to do that. When he’s got a head of steam, his athletic ability and his ability to shoot the ball and put it on the floor, he’s really hard to guard. He is one of the better open floor players in transition.”

© David Banks-Imagn Images

LaVine had seven points on 3/8 shooting against the Cavaliers, but he finished with 28 points on 9/12 shooting against Memphis. Lavine was 6/6 from deep in the game, and he played just 22 minutes.

That's exactly what the Bulls need from LaVine this season. Chicago was one of the worst three-point shooting teams last year, so seeing that 6/6 mark is huge, but the all-around efficiency was especially crucial.

Zach LaVine should be the best player on this team, and on Saturday night, he looked the part.

Scotty White serves as ClutchPoints' Chicago Bulls and Michigan Football reporter, in addition to covering NCAA Football and Basketball as an associate editor. Scotty is a graduate of the University of Michigan and has been in the sports journalism industry since 2020.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Bulls vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
2 days ago
Wizards vs. Bulls prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2025
14 hours ago
Patrick Williams rips Bulls over effort level in blowout loss to Pacers
1 day ago
Bulls the favorite to swing Bradley Beal trade amid Suns chaos
4 days ago
Torrey Craig ex claims Megan Thee Stallion is not his ‘type’
1 day ago
NBA rumors: Bulls still ‘expected’ to trade Nikola Vucevic, ‘possibly’ Lonzo Ball
4 days ago
NBA rumors: Suns interested in Bulls’ Nikola Vucevic, but there’s a catch
2 weeks ago
Commentator creates buzz after using LiAngelo Ball lyrics after Lonzo Ball move
1 day ago
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Bulls? Latest injury update
2 days ago
Dwyane Wade statue drama resurfaces following Derrick Rose interview
1 day ago
Nikola Vucevic’s brutally honest assessment of trade rumors
6 hours ago
Lonzo Ball reveals ‘only credit he deserves’ for LiAngelo Ball’s ‘Tweaker’ hit
3 days ago
Billy Donovan
Zach LaVine
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/bulls-news-zach-lavine-preseason-play-draws-blunt-billy-donovan-review 
 ----- 
