Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Memphis Grizzlies
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies' rookie center fare against Bulls? (Oct. 12) | 2024 NBA preseason
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies' rookie center fare against Bulls? (Oct. 12) | 2024 NBA preseason
By
John Ezekiel Hirro
Modified Oct 13, 2024 07:21 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
How did Grizzlies' rookie center fare against Bulls? - Image Source: Imagn

The Memphis Grizzlies are gearing up for a comeback season after being plagued by injuries last year. A key part of their roster reinforcement is rookie Zach Edey, who steps in as the team’s new starting center. Standing at 7-foot-4, Edey shares the title of tallest active NBA player with San Antonio's Victor Wembanyama.

Edey played his third preseason game on Saturday against the Chicago Bulls, where he faced off against Nikola Vucevic in a center battle. In 21 minutes, he impressed, nearly securing a double-double. The Grizzlies won 124-121.

Here are his stats from the game:

PLAYER	MIN	PTS	REB	AST	FGM	FGA	FG%	3PM	3PA	3P%	FTM	FTA	FT%	OREB	DREB	STL	BLK	TO	PF	=+/-
Zach Edey	21:34	15	8	4	5	10	50.0	0	0	0.0	5	7	71.4	5	3	0	3	0	0	7
Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Zach Edey’s 15 points were the fourth-highest for Memphis, behind Jaylen Wells with 24, Jake LaRavia with 20 and Jay Huff’s 18 off the bench.

His eight rebounds were second-best behind LaRavia and Huff, who each grabbed nine boards.

He was the only player in the game to record three blocks and also contributed four assists.

Edey’s points, rebounds and assists totals tonight are all personal preseason highs.

His center matchup, Vucevic, recorded seven points and five rebounds.

The Grizzlies have won two of their first three preseason games. They will cap off their preseason campaign with two more games, first against the Indiana Pacers on Monday and then against the Miami Heat on Friday.

Zach Edey discusses building chemistry with Ja Morant

Zach Edey, now Grizzlies star Ja Morant’s big man partner, has already earned the starting spot despite being a rookie, according to coach Taylor Jenkins.

In an exclusive interview with Sportskeeda’s Grant Afseth, Edey stressed the importance of creating a strong connection with Morant.

“For sure, just building that chemistry on and off the court. It’s really important, and we’re still working on it. It’s not done by any means, but we’re continuing to develop it,” he said.

He also mentioned he’s still adjusting to the NBA’s pace and learning the Grizzlies’ system, both offensively and defensively.

“I’m trying to figure out how to play within the offense — what types of shots I’ll get, what reads I need to make, and how to smoothly implement myself into it,” he said.
“It’s different. In college, my role was to alter shots without fouling. In the NBA, I can really chase blocks, so it’s a new challenge for me,” he added.

Edey, the No. 9 overall pick in the 2024 NBA Draft, not only brings size but also offensive versatility with his ability to playmake out of double teams and shoot from outside. Defensively, his towering presence makes him a force in the paint.

Grizzlies Nation! You can check out the latest Memphis Grizzlies Schedule and dive into the Grizzlies Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Memphis Grizzlies Chicago Bulls NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Stats NBA Google Trends
Edited by John Ezekiel Hirro
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-zach-edey-stats-tonight-how-grizzlies-rookie-center-fare-bulls-oct-12-2024-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
