Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Tyler O’Neill, Rob Refsnyder Go Back-to-Back Twice, Make Boston Red Sox History
The Boston Red Sox scored a blowout win over the Baltimore Orioles on Monday thanks to four combined home runs from outfielder Tyler O'Neill and Rob Refsnyder.
Sam Connon | Sep 10, 2024
Sep 9, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Red Sox designated hitter Tyler O'Neill (17) hits a home run against the Baltimore Orioles in the third inning at Fenway Park. / David Butler II-Imagn Images
In this story:
Boston Red Sox

The Boston Red Sox needed a win to stay in the playoff hunt, and they didn't leave anything up for debate Monday night against the Baltimore Orioles.

With the game tied 1-1 in the bottom of the third inning, right fielder Rob Refsnyder blasted a two-run home run to straightaway center. One batter later, designated hitter Tyler O'Neill lifted a solo homer over the Green Monster.

The back-to-back home runs gave Boston a 4-1 lead, but it didn't stop there. The Red Sox plated a few more runs thanks to Refsnyder and center fielder Ceddanne Rafaela, going up 10-3 through seven innings.

Refsnyder launched his second home run of the night in the eighth, this time sneaking a fly ball inside the right field foul pole. O'Neill matched that, crushing a 422-foot missile to center.

The pair's second instance of back-to-back home runs cemented a 12-3 victory for Boston, making history in the process.

According to MLB.com’s Sarah Langs, O'Neill and Refsnyder became just the second pair of teammates in Red Sox franchise history to hit back-to-back home runs twice in the same game. The other is Mo Vaughn and Tim Naehring, who did so on April 19, 1994.

Rob Refsnyder + Tyler O’Neill are the 2nd pair of Red Sox teammates to hit back-to-back home runs twice in the same game in franchise history, joining:

4/19/94 Mo Vaughn, Tim Naehring

h/t @EliasSports https://t.co/gfcDjfeeM1

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 10, 2024

O'Neill, Refsnyder and Rafaela combined to go 9-for-13 with five runs, 12 RBI and a walk in the win.

Refsnyder emerged as a solid backup outfielder for Boston in 2022, but his numbers took a step back across the board in 2023. He has returned to form here in 2024, racking up a career-high 11 home runs, 40 RBI and 1.0 WAR while batting .285 with an .836 OPS.

O'Neill, meanwhile, has been of the Red Sox's most dangerous bats all season. The former St. Louis Cardinals standout is batting .260 with 29 home runs, 56 RBI, an .894 OPS and a 2.9 WAR despite hitting the injury list multiple times this year.

Those 29 bombs are good for the fifth-most home runs through a player’s first 100 games with the Red Sox, per director of media relations J.P. Long, and he has only played in 99 games so far. J.D. Martinez and Manny Ramirez had 32 apiece, Jimmie Foxx had 30 and Carl Everett had 29.

Monday also marked O’Neill’s seventh multi-home run game of 2024. As noted by Long, that is tied for the third-most in Red Sox single-season history.

Foxx owns the record, having done so 10 times in 1938, while David Ortiz achieved the feat nine times in 2005. O’Neill joins Manny Ramirez and Jim Rice as the only other Red Sox players with seven multi-home run performances in a year.

The Red Sox improved to 73-71 with the win Monday, leaving them 3.0 games back of the Minnesota Twins for the third and final AL Wild Card spot. FanGraphs is giving Boston an 11.1% chance of making the postseason, which is a step up from the 7.2% chance they had last Thursday.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 10, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/tyler-oneill-rob-refsnyder-hit-back-to-back-home-runs-twice-vs-baltimore-orioles-make-boston-red-sox-history-amid-wild-card-race-01j7dxv2e8kn 
 ----- 
