Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Jack Smith resigns
Kohl’s store closings
Chase Chrisley
Mike Vrabel
SPORTS
Refsnyder, O’Neill hit 2 HRs each as Red Sox beat Orioles 12-3
1 of 7 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Rob Refsnyder is congratulated after his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

2 of 7 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Tyler O’Neill, right, is congratulated by Connor Wong (12) after his solo home run off Baltimore Orioles pitcher Cade Povich during the third inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

3 of 7 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Ceddanne Rafaela connects for a two RBI single during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

4 of 7 |  

Boston Red Sox pitcher Brayan Bello delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

5 of 7 |  

Baltimore Orioles pitcher Cade Povich delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

6 of 7 |  

Baltimore Orioles Gunnar Henderson scores on a single by Anthony Santander during the first inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

7 of 7 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Rob Refsnyder, right, is tagged out by Baltimore Orioles catcher Adley Rutschmanm left, while trying to score on a double by Tyler O’Neill during the fifth inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

Read More
BY  MAUREEN MULLEN
Updated 3:06 AM UTC, September 10, 2024
Share

BOSTON (AP) — Rob Refsnyder homered twice among his four hits and had a career-high five RBIs, Tyler O’Neill also had two homers and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 12-3 on Monday night.

Ceddanne Rafaela had two hits and four RBIs as the Red Sox finished with 15 hits.

“Maybe this is the way we play the rest of the way — platoon the rest of the way and try to maximize the roster,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. “They did an amazing job offensively today.”

Refsnyder and O’Neill hit back-to-back homers in both the third and eighth innings. It was Refsnyder’s second career multi-homer game and O’Neil’s 12th — including his seventh this season to tie Jordan Alvarez for most in the majors. It was the ninth time Boston batters have hit back-to-back homers this season.

“A lot of people behind the scenes have been helping me,” Refsnyder said. “I’ve been freaking so bad. So, it’s been a grind. There’s been a lot of frustrating nights. So, a lot of credit to the hitting department. They’ve stayed up countless hours trying to help me out, figure some stuff out. So, it felt really, really good to kind of break through.”

Boston starter Brayan Bello (13-7) gave up two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings. He walked five, struck out five and hit a batter. Josh Winckowski gave up a run in the final three innings to get his second save of the season.

RELATED STORIES
Baltimore Orioles reach $49.5M, 3-year deal with OF Tyler O'Neill, AP source says
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez
White Sox pitcher Garrett Crochet traded to Red Sox

Orioles left-hander Cade Povich (2-8) allowed four runs and five hits with two walks and five strikeouts in 4 2/3 innings.

“It’s been the same kind of mantra or maybe the same thing I’ve been saying since getting called back up,” Povich said. “Just wanted to continue to see the aggression in the zone. I think this might have been -- correct me if I’m wrong -- maybe the first game since being called up I had more than one walk. Had two, but overall, still think I was in the zone pretty well. Making competitive pitches. Obviously, a couple on the edges that were still a little too good that they were able to put in play. But you know, starting to settle in, and that’s all it is, is just starting to settle in, find those things, when I can make pitches that are there and when not to.”

Anthony Santander homered and drove in all three runs for Baltimore. He got his 40th home run of the season leading off the seventh, reaching that mark for the first time in his eight-year career. He is the eighth Orioles player to do so, and the first since Mark Trumbo in 2016.

“He’s had a heck of a year,” Orioles manager Brandon Hyde said. “I’m proud of him for how far he’s come in our years together here, and to see a guy with 40 homers, that’s a special milestone. Even in a game like this, it’s something to celebrate. Not many guys can do that, a switch-hitter hitting 40 homers.”

The Orioles took the lead in the first inning as lead-off hitter Gunnar Henderson doubled and scored on a one-out single by Santander.

The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rafael Devers singled, advanced to third on Refsnyder’s double and scored on O’Neill’s groundout.

In the third inning, after Baltimore center fielder Cedric Mullins made a nifty diving catch on leadoff hitter Jarren Duran’s scorched liner, Devers singled and Refsnyder hit his 10th homer of the season to straightaway center field. O’Neill followed with his 28th homer of the season, over the left field wall to make it 4-1.

The Orioles added a run in the fourth, loading the bases without getting a hit. Colton Cowser led off with a walk, followed by a one-out walk to No. 9 hitter Livan Soto and Mullins hit by a pitch with two outs. Santander also walked, forcing in a run.

The Red Sox sent nine batters to the plate in the sixth, with four scoring. Romy Gonzalez and Connor Wong opened with consecutive singles against reliever Burch Smith. Danny Jansen was hit by a pitch, loading the bases for No. 9 hitter Rafaela, who singled to center to drive in two runs. After Devers’ two-out single, Refsnyder’s two-run single to center pushed the lead to 8-2.

Rafaela’s had a two-out, two-run double, and Refsnyder and O’Neil hit consecutive homers again in the eighth to complete the scoring.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Red Sox: RHP Liam Hendricks, out all season after Tommy John surgery in August 2023, felt some tightness after his most recent minor league rehab game on Thursday.

UP NEXT

Orioles RHP Albert Suárez (7-5, 3.49 ERA) starts against Red Sox RHP Kutter Crawford (8-13, 4.08) on Tuesday.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A Mississippi police officer has been suspended without pay...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Botched handoff by Baker Mayf ield and late failures by Bucs'...
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and...
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
JuJu Watkins and No. 4 USC try to bring 'some fun' to weary an...
USC basketball star JuJu Watkins knows people who have been affected by the...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Plan for stricter lobster fishing rules scrapped amid strong op...
Fishing regulators have scrapped a plan for stricter fishing rules amid concerns abou...
AP News
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pittsburgh women’s coach Tory Verdi had a simple second-half message Sunday fo...
AP News
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea a...
An oil tanker believed to be part of Russia’s efforts to evade international...
AP News
US to return $52.8 million in seized assets linked to Nigeria'...
The United States will return $52.88 million in seized assets to Nigeria as part...
AP News
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
The New Chevy Silver ado 1500 2024 Is Utter Perfection - See The...
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
Learn More
How Much Does It Cost to Rent a Private Jet in 2025 - The Pri...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Better Health News:Advertisement
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/orioles-red-sox-score-252c60dff02da1575ff9ad1dc878b345 
 ----- 
