Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'We're right there': Red Sox rout Orioles to gain in Wild Card chase
Share
'We're right there': Red Sox rout Orioles to gain in Wild Card chase
Refsnyder (5 RBIs) paces offense, goes back to back with O'Neill twice in series opener
September 10th, 2024

Ian Browne

@IanMBrowne
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

BOSTON -- A stressful two months for the Red Sox coming out of the All-Star break at last took a turn forward on Monday night that allowed manager Alex Cora’s team the chance to breathe a little and enjoy some good fortune.

Complete coverage: Red Sox’s clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

In a 12-3 victory to open a three-game series against the Orioles, the Red Sox got the batting barrage that had eluded them for the past two-and-a-half weeks.

Veteran platoon player Rob Refsnyder headlined the onslaught by going 4-for-4 with two homers and a career-high five RBIs.

Tyler O’Neill added two homers that soared over the Green Monster as he twice went back to back with Refsnyder. Rookie Ceddanne Rafaela had four RBIs, capped by a two-run double off the base of Boston’s bullpen wall in right-center. Rafael Devers chipped in with three hits.

“If Raffy gets hot, we’re pretty dangerous,” Refsnyder said. “And T.O. has been looking amazing the past week or so. I told him before the game, ‘You’re going to hit the ball hard every at-bat right now.’

“So you get those two guys rolling, hopefully our offense follows along. Those are our two main guys now for sure and I just want everyone to focus on having good at-bats and go down the line.”

Refsnyder and O’Neill actually went back to back twice, marking just the second time in Red Sox history the same two players did that twice in one game. According to Elias, the only other time it happened was on April 19, 1994, when Mo Vaughn and Tim Naehring turned the trick.

As for O’Neill, it was a continuation of a multi-homer trend -- his seventh this season and 12th in his career. Only Yordan Alvarez has as many multi-homer games as O’Neill this season.

Related
Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

A Major League debut and a walk-off hit: Boston's 10th had it all

August 13th, 2024

Refsnyder gives Red Sox late spark to snap four-game skid

September 19th, 2023

Camden's new LF wall dimensions helped draw O'Neill to Baltimore

December 16th, 2024

How new signees O'Neill, Sánchez fit into O's roster plans

December 11th, 2024

The only previous Red Sox players to have seven multi-homers in a season? Hall of Famer Jim Rice in 1977 and Manny Ramirez in 2002.

Why does O’Neill, who has 29 homers in his first season with Boston, hit them in bunches so often?

“I’m not really sure. I’m just trying to go out there and put good at-bats together,” O’Neill said. “Obviously, if I find a barrel early in the game, that’s a good sign and I just [try to] keep rolling, keep the momentum.”

Keeping momentum is something the Red Sox have been unable to do since the All-Star break. They hope that Monday can be the start of something.

Heading into the series opener against Baltimore, Boston had gone 18-28 since the break while losing seven out of 10 and 13 out of 20.

That kind of trend could have easily put the Red Sox well on the outskirts of contention.

But with 18 games left, Boston remains within striking distance, trailing the slumping Twins by three games for the third American League Wild Card spot.

“We’re right there. Still right there. I don't know how,” Cora said. “They show up every day. They work hard, and they did an amazing job offensively today.”

On Sunday, the Red Sox were frustrated not to be able to complete a three-game sweep of the White Sox, who have the worst record in MLB by a lot.

The sting of that missed opportunity was erased on Monday. While the offense was the story, starting pitcher Brayan Bello helped set the tone, albeit with one of the strangest wins of his career.

Over 5 1/3 innings, the righty equaled a career-high five walks, but limited the damage, allowing three hits and two runs while striking out five.

Bello faced seven batters in a laborious first inning, but allowed just one run.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I think it started in the top of the first with Bello bearing down and stranding some runners out there,” O’Neill said. “That was awesome to see.”

Too often in recent weeks, the teams the Red Sox were chasing would lose, only for them to lose also.

But after staring at 5 1/2 games back as recently as Sept. 5, Boston has inched closer by winning three of its last four games.

“[Three] games back, but I think we’re in a good position,” O’Neill said. “It's all about momentum this time of year. Feels like things are coming together. Pitching has been looking a lot better. Big game like this for the offense is good just for everybody.

“So, you know, anything can happen over the last couple weeks. And that's what it's all about, playing meaningful baseball in September and hopefully into October. We'll see where it goes.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Boston Red Sox
Rob Refsnyder
Tyler O'Neill

Supervising Club Reporter Ian Browne has covered the Red Sox for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/rob-refsnyder-s-five-rbis-lead-red-sox-rout-of-orioles 
 ----- 
