Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Light-hitting O's unable to gain offensive traction, slip in AL East race
Share
Light-hitting O's unable to gain offensive traction, slip in AL East race
September 10th, 2024

Jake Rill

@JakeDRill
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

BOSTON -- The Orioles have tried reshuffling their lineup. They’ve attempted to give slumping players extra rest. Individuals have worked with the hitting coaches to tweak their approaches.

“I’ve done all those things,” manager Brandon Hyde said on Sunday evening after the O’s dropped a three-game series vs. the Rays.

Hyde continues to try to get his team rolling. As Baltimore arrived at Fenway Park on Monday, it put out a lineup with some changes. Cedric Mullins was bumped up to the No. 2 hole. Adley Rutschman was lowered to No. 5 amid his second-half slump. Anthony Santander and Ryan O’Hearn batted third and fourth, respectively.

The result? Another lackluster offensive showing in which the O’s couldn’t keep up with the American League East rival Red Sox.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

With a 12-3 loss in the series opener, the Orioles’ losing streak reached three games, tied for their longest of the second half. It was Baltimore’s fifth straight game in which it plated three or fewer runs, having scored seven total runs while dropping four of five.

The O’s (82-63) fell to 1 1/2 games back of the Yankees (83-61) in the AL East, as New York notched a 10-4 win over the Royals. It’s the largest divisional deficit Baltimore has faced during September. It remains in the top Wild Card position, though, with a three-game advantage over Kansas City, which sits in the second spot.

“We are taking some frustrated at-bats right now, and our guys just need to simplify their process a little bit, and do what they do well. And not try to do too much,” Hyde said. “I think we’re a swing or two away from that happening.”

One or two swings could have swung the game in Baltimore’s direction early. Perhaps it may have even led to a different result.

The Orioles scored a run in the top of the first inning on an RBI single by Santander. But they left the bases loaded when both Eloy Jiménez and Colton Cowser went down swinging vs. Red Sox starter Brayan Bello.

Baltimore again loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth -- when it trailed, 4-1 -- and only scored once on a Santander walk. O’Hearn flied out to left on the next pitch to end the rally for the O’s, who went 2-for-11 with runners in scoring position and left 11 on base.

Related
Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

12:38 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

January 10th, 2025

Morton thought he might have thrown his last pitch. Then O's came calling

January 8th, 2025

25 Orioles predictions for the 2025 season

January 8th, 2025

Over the past five games, the Orioles have gone a combined 3-for-31 with RISP, leaving 39 runners on base.

“Just wanting to do it for the team in those moments really takes away from the approach sometimes,” veteran center fielder Mullins said. “So being able to get back to what we were doing -- take a step back, understand we’re good -- and when we’re all doing what we can to contribute, we’re going to be great. We have little time to do it, but have confidence we can.”

Nobody in the O’s clubhouse feels like there’s a lack of overall effort. That’s also been evident on the field -- as it was with a pair of defensive plays on Monday.

Mullins made a remarkable diving catch in the third, using a Superman-type leap to rob Jarren Duran of a hit. However, Boston scored three in the inning as Rob Refsnyder and Tyler O’Neill hit back-to-back homers off Baltimore starter Cade Povich.

Left fielder Cowser made an impressive play of his own in the fifth, when he smoothly fielded an O’Neill double off the Green Monster and threw out Refsnyder at the plate with help from a diving tag by Rutschman.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Orioles scored only one run over the final five innings, which came on Santander’s leadoff homer in the seventh, his team-high 40th home run of the season.

Meanwhile, Baltimore’s bullpen couldn’t keep the game close due to tough showings for Burch Smith (four runs in two-thirds of an inning), Craig Kimbrel (two runs in one inning) and Cole Irvin (two runs in one inning).

“Our guys are grinding, there’s no doubt,” Hyde said. “We’ve got to just turn the page on this and come back tomorrow. Not a whole lot went right tonight. Wasted a couple opportunities and just had a tough time putting zeroes up out of the bullpen.”

Even if the O’s (24-25 since the All-Star break) aren’t worried, they feel a sense of urgency. They know October is coming -- 17 regular-season games remain over the next three weeks -- and they must get going.

“I think it’s pretty obvious, we haven’t played our best,” Mullins said. “But still finding a way to be a .500 team in the midst of that, I think, is pretty big for us. Being able to catch that hot streak right at the right time is all it takes.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles

Jake Rill covers the Orioles for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/orioles-slip-in-al-east-race-with-loss-to-red-sox 
 ----- 
