CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Australia must 'fight till we drop' to avoid major Asian Cup upset

Published: 27 Jan 2024 - 01:47 pm | Last Updated: 27 Jan 2024 - 01:51 pm

(Top L to R) Australia's forward #10 Kusini Yengi, Australia's defender #03 Nathaniel Atkinson, Australia's defender #04 Kye Rowles, Australia's midfielder #22 Jackson Irvine, Australia's defender #19 Harry Souttar, Australia's goalkeeper #01 Mathew Ryan, (bottom L to R) Australia's midfielder #14 Riley McGree, Australia's defender #05 Jordan Bos, Australia's midfielder #17 Keanu Baccus, Australia's forward #06 Martin Boyle and Australia's defender #16 Aziz Behich pose for a team picture during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group B football match between Australia and Uzbekistan at the Al-Janoub Stadium in Al-Wakrah, south of Doha on January 23, 2024. (Photo by HECTOR RETAMAL / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
AFP

Doha: Coach Graham Arnold told his Australia team "to fight till we drop" to avoid a major Asian Cup upset at the hands of Indonesia in the last 16 on Sunday.

The Socceroos came to Qatar as one of the favourites and will be fully expected to defeat Indonesia, who are the lowest-ranked team left at 146 in the world.

Indonesia's coach Shin Tae-yong said they will need "a miracle" as they compete for the first time in the Asian Cup knockout rounds.

But Arnold, whose side were more solid than spectacular in topping their group with two wins and a draw, had a warning for his players.

"In every aspect they can do better," he said, referring especially to the offensive side of Australia's game, having scored four goals in three group matches.

"When they do better the team does better, and I feel we are getting better.

"But the mindset and mentality in the most important thing," added Arnold, who said first-choice centre-forward Mitchell Duke was back in full training following a hamstring niggle.

With Duke spearheading the attack and Arnold at the helm, the Socceroos reached the last 16 of the World Cup in Qatar, giving eventual champions Argentina a fright in a 2-1 defeat.

Their power and doggedness has been one of the hallmarks of Arnold's side, and he called it "the Aussie DNA".

"We fight till we drop," said Arnold, asked if complacency was a danger against the underdogs of Indonesia.

"When you play for your nation and represent your country it does not matter who you play against.

"It's about doing your nation proud."

Indonesia squeezed into the last 16 as one of the four best third-placed finishers, winning one of their group games, against Vietnam, and losing to Japan and Iraq.

It is Indonesia's first time in the knockout rounds of the Asian Cup, at their fifth attempt, and has been touted by Indonesian media as the country's biggest match in a century.

"Australia are one of the best teams here and strong and powerful," said coach Shin, who managed his native South Korea at the 2018 World Cup.

"Those aspects are probably the biggest strengths of their team."

Shin, who had a stint as a player and assistant coach in Australia, said his side "don't have much of a chance of winning" and expects the Socceroos to have as much as 70 percent possession.

But he warned: "Even though Australia are a strong team, we are going to play with a strong mentality and we will never give up until the referees blows the final whistle."

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
'Beyond Reality' circus show at Al Wakrah Old Souq extended
UDST unveils seven new programs including Qatar's first aeronautical engineering
Both Jeju Air black boxes found: officials
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
New body found after deadly Channel crossing
Qatari plane with aid arrives at Damascus airport for first time
Shura Council condemns occupation's crimes in Gaza and Al-Aqsa Mosque intrusion
AC Milan sack coach Fonseca: club
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/27/01/2024/australia-must-fight-till-we-drop-to-avoid-major-asian-cup-upset 
 ----- 
