Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Soccer-Uzbekistan and Syria through to Asian Cup last 16
By ROHITH NAIR
FOOTBALL

Tuesday, 23 Jan 2024

10:03 PM MYT

Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group B - Australia v Uzbekistan - Al Janoub Stadium, Al Wakrah, Qatar - January 23, 2024 Uzbekistan players pose for a team group photo before the match REUTERS/Molly Darlington

AL WAKRAH, Qatar (Reuters) -Uzbekistan joined Australia in the last 16 of the Asian Cup on Tuesday after the two teams played out a 1-1 draw in their final group game while Syria beat India in the other encounter in Group B to qualify for the knockouts for the first time.

Australia had already qualified for the knockout stage and guaranteed a top-two finish, with the result moving the 2015 champions to seven points while Uzbekistan finished second with five points.

"We came here at the start of the tournament to top the group and we've got the job done," Australia coach Graham Arnold told reporters.

"It's the most important thing and we move forward now one game at a time and see who our next opponent is."

Australia had an early goal ruled out for offside but they took the lead at the stroke of halftime when they were awarded a controversial penalty following a VAR check for a handball from Odiljon Hamrobekov.

The Uzbek midfielder was attempting to make a sliding tackle to stop Kusini Yengi in the box when his trailing hand made contact with the ball, with Martin Boyle putting away the spot kick confidently after sending Utkir Yusupov the wrong way.

"The Australian coach was honest and said it was never a penalty," Uzbekistan coach Srecko Katanec said. "They have to review a little bit the connection between VAR and the referee.

STARPICKS
Lightweight, reliable and powerful: The new HUAWEI Mate X6

"The referee didn't give the penalty and in a situation like this they called the referee directly, I don't know the communication.

"If this is the penalty rules, then nobody knows the rules. There's no intention and still it's a yellow card."

But Uzbekistan equalised in the 78th minute when Azizbek Turgunboev climbed over the defence to head home Jaloliddin Masharipov's cross at the far post.

In the other group game, Syria beat India 1-0 after Omar Khribin -- the 2017 Asian Footballer of the Year -- netted in the 76th minute to give the Middle Eastern side their first goal of the tournament.

Syria finished with four points and the AFC later clarified that they are also through to the last 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams across all groups "regardless of final results from other groups".

It marks the first time Syria have advanced to the knockouts since their Asian Cup debut in 1980.

India exit the competition without scoring a goal in three losses.

(Reporting by Rohith Nair in Al Wakrah, Qatar; editing by Pritha Sarkar and Christian Radnedge)

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!
   
How useful is this article to you?

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in Sport

1

BADMINTON1d ago
Chan gets into record books for biggest pickleball centre

2

FOOTBALL1d ago
Football: I’m not Malaysian, says Burnley captain Brownhill

3

BADMINTON19h ago
Su Yin has found the right partner in Hoo and hopes for another good ride in 2025

4

SQUASH1d ago
Rising star Ayesha sets new targets after ending year with a double

5

BADMINTON19h ago
South Koreans keep ’em guessing, and a poser for Aaron-Wooi Yik

6

BADMINTON1d ago
Yoke Meng hopes Tze Yong can draw some inspiration from Chong Wei in comeback bid

7

FOOTBALL1h ago
Soccer-Italy's AC Milan sack Portuguese coach Paulo Fonseca after just six months

8

GOLF1d ago
MGA in a poor state financially

9

FOOTBALL5h ago
Soccer-Man United's transition to Amorim will be tough, Maguire says

10

BADMINTON1d ago
Peng Soon urges Chen-Toh, Hoo-Cheng to do better than him at M’sian Open
Others Also Read
BOOKS31m ago
Laundromat tale: the magic of ordinary spaces and meaningful connections
NATION41m ago
Luxury car catches fire on Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge
NATION1h ago
MetMalaysia issues thunderstorm warning for multiple regions
STARPLUS12h ago
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
STARPICKS
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’
CORPORATE NEWS1h ago
Sunway Group appoints Mohd Anuar Taib as deputy president
CORPORATE NEWS1h ago
India's Adani Group to exit Wilmar joint venture
ENTERTAINMENT1h ago
‘Worst event ever’: Singapore's Yuewen Music Festival blasted for...
SINGAPORE1h ago
Singapore court hands down 19 months’ jail to Malaysian voyeur who preyed on...
LIVING1h ago
US artist with autism holds solo exhibition at New York's Museum of Modern Art
MARKETS1h ago
Bursa Malaysia recoups earlier losses to end higher
SOUTH KOREA1h ago
Honeymoons, birthdays, first foreign trips: Jeju Air plane crash brought cruel end to...
Load More
StarPicks
 
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’

Tiger Beer roars into the new year, inspiring consumers to celebrate its supporters through exciting promotions and activations

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2024 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2024/01/23/soccer-uzbekistan-through-to-asian-cup-last-16-after-draw-with-australia 
 ----- 
