CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Australia top group, Uzbekistan also into Asian Cup last 16

Published: 23 Jan 2024 - 04:57 pm | Last Updated: 23 Jan 2024 - 05:00 pm

Uzbekistan's midfielder #19 Azizbek Turgunboev celebrates with teammates his team's first goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group B football match between Australia and Uzbekistan at the Al-Janoub Stadium in Al-Wakrah, south of Doha on January 23, 2024. (Photo by Giuseppe CACACE / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
AFP

Doha, Qatar: Uzbekistan scored a late equaliser as they moved into the Asian Cup knockout rounds after a 1-1 draw with already qualified Australia on Tuesday.

The Socceroos were looking to win all three group games at the Asian Cup for the first time and took the lead through Martin Boyle's controversial first-half penalty in Doha.

But Azizbek Turgunboev outjumped Aziz Behich to head home in the 78th minute as Uzbekistan eased through to the last 16.

Australia won Group B ahead of Uzbekistan, with Syria beating India 1-0 to finish third.

Australia thought they had taken the lead when Kusini Yengi headed home with 10 minutes gone, only for the strapping Portsmouth striker to be flagged offside.

???? Match Highlights


Uzbekistan scored a late equaliser as they moved into the Asian Cup knockout rounds after a 1-1 draw with already qualified Australia on Tuesday at Al Janoub Stadium. #AUSvUZB #Qatar2023 #AsianCup2023 #HayyaAsia #Australia #Uzbekistan pic.twitter.com/lACNFvwPhc

— The Peninsula Qatar (@PeninsulaQatar) January 23, 2024

Uzbekistan's Umar Eshmurodov was lucky to escape with only a yellow card when he tripped Boyle while clear through on goal midway through the first half.

Riley McGree was guilty of a shocking miss five minutes before half-time with the goal at his mercy after Yengi had danced his way through the Uzbekistan defence.

But Australia were given a reprieve when a VAR check judged that the ball had hit Uzbek defender Odiljon Hamrobekov's hand in the build-up as he slid in to tackle Yengi.

Boyle dispatched the penalty low into the corner to send the Socceroos into half-time with the lead.

Players greet one another after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group B football match between Australia and Uzbekistan at the Al-Janoub Stadium in Al-Wakrah, south of Doha on January 23, 2024. (Photo by Giuseppe CACACE / AFP)

Uzbekistan substitute Jaloliddin Masharipov came close to an equaliser with a whipped free-kick shortly after the restart.

The Central Asians then had a goal disallowed when Eshmurodov headed home from a free-kick, only to be flagged for offside.

But they got their reward when substitute Turgunboev got on the end of a cross to head in Uzbekistan's equaliser.

It was the first goal Australia had conceded at the Asian Cup, following wins over India and Syria.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
'Beyond Reality' circus show at Al Wakrah Old Souq extended
UDST unveils seven new programs including Qatar's first aeronautical engineering
Both Jeju Air black boxes found: officials
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
New body found after deadly Channel crossing
Qatari plane with aid arrives at Damascus airport for first time
Shura Council condemns occupation's crimes in Gaza and Al-Aqsa Mosque intrusion
AC Milan sack coach Fonseca: club
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/23/01/2024/australia-top-group-uzbekistan-also-into-asian-cup-last-16 
 ----- 
