Socceroos top Asian Cup group after draw with Uzbekistan - as it happened

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Age
Advertisement
SportSoccerAsian Cup

This was published 11 months ago

Socceroos top Asian Cup group after draw with Uzbekistan - as it happened
By
Emma Kemp
Updated January 24, 2024 — 12.44amfirst published January 23, 2024 — 9.41pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
1
COMMENT

View all comments

KEY POSTS
12.16am	Uzbekistan equalise!
11.20pm	Penalty to Australia!
Hide key posts
Posts area
LATEST

2 of 4

OLDEST
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 12.04am On Jan 24, 2024
India v Syria remains 0-0

And Syria would have to win by more than three goals to have a chance of finishing second.

Uzbekistan, meanwhile, make a doubles substitution with Sergeev coming on for Fayzullaev and Erkinov taking his leave for Turgunboev.

On the Australian bench, Metcalfe looks as if he is getting ready.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 68 minutes

 11.59pm On Jan 23, 2024
Uzbekistan disallowed goal!

The free-kick finds Eshmurodov and the ball is in the net! But the offside flag is up immediately and the VAR check confirms he was marginally offside before delivering that header. A very near equaliser there that has shocked the Socceroos awake again.

 11.56pm On Jan 23, 2024
Uzbeks on the ascendancy?

Erkinov gets rid of Behich with a lovely turn, in one of many positive moment for Uzbekistan. They are intent on recycling possession, moving the back back to their backline and then out to the wide areas. On this occasion they go central and an incident with Baccus leads to a Uzbekistan free-kick.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 60 minutes

Advertisement
 11.51pm On Jan 23, 2024
Uzbekistand free-kick

Souttar is into the book for a swinging leg on Fayzullaev as the latter dashes towards the area. Masharipov takes the subsequent free-kick and it’s a beauty of a thing that swoops and bends around the wall and then … wide. Ryan was diving for it. We will never know if he would have got there.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 51 minutes

 11.46pm On Jan 23, 2024
Second half is under way

And Mcgree almost marks it with a goal. Irvine finds Bos, who evades a defender and then cuts back for McGree. The latter fluffs his lines and is blocked nearly simultaneously.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 47 minutes

 11.35pm On Jan 23, 2024
This was the pen, decide for yourself

There is just no way in my mind that that is anything but accidental. If that is what ends up separating these two sides, that is grossly unfair. The Socceroos team and coaching staff will know they got lucky then. Now what? They must put the game to bed before some of those promising Uzbek attacks are converted into an equaliser. Interestingly, the above clip was Yengi’s strongest moment in the half. Interesting to see how long Arnold leaves him on before making a change. I can only assume Fornaroli will get some time.

Advertisement
 11.31pm On Jan 23, 2024
Group B as it stands

Australia: 9 (points)
Uzbekistan: 4
Syria: 2
India: 1

Irvine in action.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 11.27pm On Jan 23, 2024
Half-time

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan

 11.26pm On Jan 23, 2024
The Uzbekistan camp is clearly unhappy

Coach Katanec is in his technical area clapping like “yeah mate, well done you”. One of the coaching staff is shown a yellow card because he simply does not stop shouting. The crowd is making their displeasure known as well.

McGree does a pirouette then backheels before Hamrobekov intervenes. Australia have a couple of corners as seven minutes of added time ticks down and Bos shoots hard but wide.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 45+6 minutes

 11.20pm On Jan 23, 2024
Penalty to Australia!

A lengthy delay ensues as the VAR types do their thing and the referee runs over to have a look at the monitor. What happened was, while Yengi was ducking and weaving, the ball seemed to strike the arm of Hamrobekov as he was sliding and using his hand as he went down. He clearly did not mean that. How else was he supposed to support himself? That’s a real tough one, but the penalty has been given.

Boyle sends the keeper the wrong way and Australia have the lead going into half-time.

Australia 1-0 Uzbekistan after 45+1 minutes

Boyle scores from the spot.
CREDIT:
AP

LATEST

2 of 4

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
OpinionPlayer ratings: Australia won the Test, but we’re giving the only 10/10 to an Indian player
‘The biggest serve on tour’: Why Kyrgios’ comeback opponent has the tennis world buzzing
Pat Cummins didn’t declare. That says a lot about Australia’s state of mind
The Border-Gavaskar Trophy is on the line. So is Mitch Marsh’s Test career
‘Kept in the dark’: Djokovic speaks out on Sinner, Kyrgios and teaming up with an old rival
The moment the Boxing Day Test took a turn for the worse for Australia
BACK TO TOP
The Age
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Age
The Sydney Morning Herald
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE AGE
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2024

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theage.com.au/sport/soccer/asian-cup-live-socceroos-chase-group-stage-clean-sweep-against-tricky-opponents-20240123-p5ezfy.html?post=p55l4r&js-chunk-not-found-refresh=true 
 ----- 
