Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
TOP SOCCER
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
English Premier League
67'
TeleUSA Net
WHU
0
LIV
4
FT
LEI
0
MNC
2
FT
FUL
2
BOU
2
FT
TOT
2
WOL
2
FT
EVE
0
NFO
2
FT
CRY
2
SOU
1
Serie A
81'
JUV
2
FIO
1
FT
UDI
2
TOR
2
FT
NAP
1
VEN
0
7:45 PM UTC
MIL
ROMA
Menu
ESPN
Log In

NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!

	Soccer
News
Scores
Schedule
Transfers
USWNT
USMNT
Leagues & Cups
Tables
Teams
More
Palestine reach World Cup qualifying final round for 1st time
ESPN News Services
Jun 6, 2024, 04:10 PM ET
Share
Like
Open Extended Reactions
14

Palestine advanced to the final round of World Cup qualification for the first time ever Thursday with a 0-0 draw against Lebanon.

Palestine, who played in Qatar because of security concerns in Gaza, are second in their group and five points clear of Lebanon with a single game left. The top two teams of each of the nine groups progress to the final qualifying round for the 2026 World Cup.

Elsewhere, Son Heung-Min scored twice as South Korea stayed on course for an 11th successive World Cup appearance by routing Singapore 7-0 to advance to the final round while China still have work to do after a 1-1 draw with Thailand.

South Korea stayed top of Group C with 13 points from five games, with China second on eight points. Thailand are three points behind in third with one round to go.

China have to play South Korea in their last game while Thailand host Singapore in Bangkok and could still clinch second place with a win if China loses.

It took just nine minutes for Lee Kang-In to open the scoring at a sold-out Singapore National Stadium, the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder firing home from inside the area. Joo Min-Gyu added a second soon after.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Good guy Son quite adept at playing the villain -- as Singapore found out in painful fashion
205dGabriel Tan
Palestinian men's national soccer team plays with purpose, pressure
284dT.J. Quinn
'Stay well, stay happy' - Chhetri signs off amid tears, for him and for his fans
206dAnirudh Menon in Kolkata

Son then netted twice in the second half, Lee added his second and there were late goals from Bae Joon-ho and Hwang Hee-Chan.

"When you look at the results, probably everybody will say the Singapore team was really poor, but it wasn't the case," Son said. "They fought and we were more clinical ... and we took the chances really well."

China fell behind after 20 minutes in Shenyang to a goal from Supachok Sarachat. China's Ferdandinho missed a penalty early in the second half but Baihelamu Abuduwaili leveled for the home team with 11 minutes remaining.

Australia, Japan, Iraq and the United Arab Emirates had already qualified and all four maintained their perfect records.

Australia won 2-0 at Bangladesh with goals from Ajdin Hrustic and Kusini Yengi in Dhaka.

Japan beat Myanmar 5-0 in Yangon with Keito Nakamura and Koki Ogawa scoring twice each. Iraq defeated Indonesia 2-0 and UAE won 4-0 against Nepal.

Mehdi Taremi, who is leaving Porto in July to join Inter Milan, scored a hat trick as the already qualified Iran won 4-2 in Hong Kong.

Saudi Arabia advanced with a 3-0 victory in Pakistan as did Oman after a win over Taiwan.

India and Afghanistan are in contention for second place in Group A after goalless draws with Kuwait and Qatar respectively left the two teams level on five points.

Elsewhere, Vietnam and North Korea stayed in contention to advance to the next round with victories over Philippines and Syria, respectively.

Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/story/_/id/40292565/palestine-world-cup-qualifying-final-round-1st 
 ----- 
