SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When, How to Watch Tanzania Vs DR Congo

The Tanzanian Stars hope to shine for the first time in their last group stage game against DR Congo.

Safaa KasraouiJan. 24, 2024 2:02 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Tanzania Vs DR Congo

Rabat - Today, the Tanzanian national football team will take on its Congolese opponent during the third group stage match of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) currently held in Cote d’Ivoire.

The game, which will be hosted at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium, will begin at 9 p.m. Moroccan Time and streamed on Morocco’s Arriyadia TNT channel.

Group F is still wide open, with every country still able to qualify for the next round. Placed at the bottom of Group F standings with a single point, Tanzania will aim to produce a first victory in this year’s tournament to secure four points at the top of the list alongside Morocco.

Tanzania’s opening AFCON game did not smile at the Taifa Stars, as they experienced a heavy defeat to Morocco by 3-0. They then drew their second game against Zambia 1-1.

Also in the race for a first victory, DR Congo’s both encounters ended in a 1-1 draw with both Zambia and Morocco.

So far, Group F has Morocco on top of the list with four points, followed by DR Congo (2 points), Zambia (2 points), and Tanzania (1 point).

Read also: Walid Regragui: ‘We Came to Win and Lead the Group’

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco, DRC Strengthen Ties with Focus on Peacekeeping and Economic Growth
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Recent
Popular
Comments
Algeria President Calls Detained Author Boualem Sansal ‘Imposter’ In Controversial Remarks

Palestinians In Gaza Are Dying Of Extreme Cold, Death Toll Reached 7

Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist In Egypt’s Red Sea

Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360341/afcon-when-how-to-watch-tanzania-vs-dr-congo 
 ----- 
