MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Taifa Stars in do-or-die match against DR Congo
Wednesday, January 24, 2024

Tanzania’s national football team (Taifa Stars) players pose shortly before clashing with Zambia in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) encounter at Stade Laurent Pokou in San Pedro, Ivory Coast. PHOTO | AFP

By 
Majuto Omary

Sports Reporter

Mwananchi Communications Ltd

What you need to know:
The Group F match is scheduled to kick off at 11pm, and only victory will make the team secure a spot in the last 16 of the competition if Morocco beat Zambia

Dar es Salaam. The national football team (Taifa Stars) today (January 24, 2024)  face a must win encounter against DR Congo in Group F at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo, Ivory Coast.

The Group F match is scheduled to kick off at 11 pm, and only victory will make the team secure a spot in the last 16 of the competition, provided Morocco register a win over Zambia in another match scheduled simultaneously at the Laurent Pokou Stadium in San Pedro.

Morocco lead Group F with four points, followed by DR Congo with two points, and Zambia are third with two points as well.

RELATED
Taifa Stars confident ahead of clash against DR Congo
Sports Jan 23, 2024
CAF fines TFF Sh25m following Amrouche’s comments
Sports Jan 22, 2024

Taifa Stars find themselves at the bottom of the group with one point after playing two matches.

Taifa Stars interim head coach Hemed "Morocco" Suleiman predicted a tough match against one of the African giants, saying, however, that their main target is to register victory.

Suleiman added that his players are in high spirit ahead of the encounter, promising to deliver their best. He said his players know what Tanzania fans should expect from them.

 "It is a decisive match for my team. We will have to be very keen as we are going to play against a tough team, which is yet to lose a single match in our group. We have trained well, and we believe we will come out victorious," said Suleiman.

He explained that all the mistakes made in their last match against Zambia have been rectified, expressing hope that his players will implement the teachings from the technical bench.

Taifa Stars skipper Mbwana Samatta affirmed their readiness to fight for the nation and bring joy to the fans.

Despite acknowledging the tough challenge, Samatta insisted that their will emerge victorious.

"We are ready for the challenge, and our focus is on victory. It is not going to be easy, as our opponents will also be targeting the same. Our aim is to make Tanzanian football fans happy," said Samatta.

Meanwhile, Taifa Stars striker Simon Msuva has said he remains optimistic that they will do their best in the encounter, urging all fellow Tanzanians to give them support in order to come out victorious in the decisive the encounter.

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
How the world witnessed four airplane accidents in a single week

This succession of incidents has prompted aviation authorities worldwide to initiate thorough investigations, aiming to enhance safety measures and prevent future tragedies.

World 4 hours ago
PRIME
 Gold, tourism boom continue to drive Tanzania’s forex earnings

In the year to October 2024, the value of gold exports increased to $3.3 billion from $2.99 billion, while tourism receipts rose by 19.7 percent to $3.68 billion

National 4 hours ago
Chad holds parliamentary election likely to cement president's grip on power

Provisional results are expected by Jan. 15, 2025, and final results by Jan. 31, 2025, in the large, mainly desert Central African nation.

Africa 5 hours ago
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/taifa-stars-in-do-or-die-match-against-dr-congo--4500732 
 ----- 
