Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
VIDEO RECAP: Indiana Pacers topple Detroit Pistons to open season 1-0
The Pacers are undefeated
Tony East | Oct 24, 2024
Oct 23, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Indiana Pacers guard T.J. McConnell (9) shoots on Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) in the second half at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images / Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Indiana Pacers
Detroit Pistons

DETROIT — The Indiana Pacers kicked off their 2024-25 campaign on Wednesday night with a battle against the Pistons in Detroit. It wasn't pretty, and the Pacers struggled for much of the first 30 or so minutes of play. But they found enough stretches of success to give themselves a chance late, and they slammed the door shut with a strong finish.

"Very physical, very emotional and typical opening night game. Very difficult," Pacers head coach Rick Carlisle said. "[We were] down by nine at half time. They had momentum, and then we were able to throw a 19-point defensive quarter at them. At one point we got six or seven stops in a row, and that really keyed our momentum change."

The Pacers defense came alive in the final quarter. They were more physical on the glass and in general were more effective forcing the Pistons to react to the way they were playing. Detroit missed some good looks, but Indiana was able to punish them in a way that they weren't earlier in the game.

The hosts scored just 19 points in that fourth quarter, and young guard Bennedict Mathurin took over offensively for the Pacers to pull his team to a win. Mathurin scored 14 of his 19 points in the final quarter.

Myles Turner shined early in the second half while Pascal Siakam was quietly dominant all night. Despite a slow start and clunkier play on offense, the Pacers did enough to win. They're 1-0 and battle the New York Knicks on Friday.

More on the game can be found in the video below.

"Good teams figure out a way to win. The rest of the things don’t matter. I think we just had to find a way to win, and we were able to do that," Pacers star guard Tyrese Haliburton said after the outing.

A full training camp has Pascal Siakam more prepared for first full season with the Indiana Pacers. CLICK HERE.
Obi Toppin being true to himself will make him as effective as possible for the Indiana Pacers. CLICK HERE.
Indiana Pacers center Isaiah Jackson entering season without contract extension. CLICK HERE.
Indiana Pacers use big fourth quarter to beat Detroit Pistons, start season 1-0 . CLICK HERE.
Follow Pacers On SI on Facebook: All Pacers SI
Follow Pacers On SI on Twitter: @SIPacers
Published Oct 24, 2024
TONY EAST

Tony East is the Publisher of AllPacers. He has previously written for Forbes Sports, the West Indianapolis Community News, WTHR, and more while hosting the Locked On Pacers podcast.

Follow TonyREast

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pacers/news/video-recap-indiana-pacers-topple-detroit-pistons-open-season-1-0 
 ----- 
