BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

Sports

World Sports: Mumbai Indians Win Last-Ball Thriller In WPL; Namibia Beat Netherlands In ICC World Cup League 2

Women's Premier League season 2 kicked off with a thriller as Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Capitals by four wickets, courtesy a last-ball Sajeevan Sajana six in Bengaluru. In Ranchi, India and England commenced their fourth Test duel, with the visitors reaching a score of 302/7 at stumps. Catch the highlights of world sports on Friday, February 23, 2024 here

O
Outlook Sports Desk
23 February 2024
Sajeevan Sajana (left) exults after hitting the last-ball six that won the match for Mumbai Indians, against Delhi Capitals in the Women's Premier League 2024 in Bengaluru. Photo: PTI
LIVE UPDATES
 23 Feb 2024, 12:56:05 am IST
Hello!

Welcome to the highlights of the sports news and events on Friday, February 23, 2024. The second season of Women's Premier League began with a bang in Bengaluru as Mumbai Indians edged out Delhi Capitals courtesy a last-ball six from Kerala all-rounder Sajeevan Sajana. In Ranchi, India and England commenced their fourth Test duel with the visitors reaching a score of 302/7 at stumps, even as Bengal pacer Akash Deep left a lasting impression on debut, replacing Jasprit Bumrah for the hosts and picking up three wickets in the first hour.

Australia thrashed New Zealand by 72 runs in the second T20I at Auckland. In PSL 2024, Peshawar Zalmi beat Multan Sultans by five runs in the only match of the day. In the Indian Super League, Mumbai City FC defeated Chennaiyin FC 2-0 in Chennai. Catch the highlights of all the sporting action that transpired on February 23, 2024 here. (Cricket News | Football News)

 23 Feb 2024, 08:06:38 am IST
Football Recap

AC Milan are through the Europa League last-16 draw with the likes of Marseille, AS Roma, Benfica and Sporting Lisbon among others joining them.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Earn Credit and Get Ahead This Summer at Georgetown
Georgetown University
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departing From District Of Columbia That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now
Learn More
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District Of Columbia (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
See Why Americans are Switching To The New Small SUV (The Prices Might Surprise)
BestSearches | Search Ads
 23 Feb 2024, 09:07:05 am IST
Akash Deep To Debut For India!
 23 Feb 2024, 10:27:15 am IST
Joe Hart To Retire

The ex-Manchester City goalkeeper has announced his decision to leave pro football at the end of the current season. Hart, who played for City for more than a decade before embarking on spells in Italy and Scotland. He also earned 75 caps for the England national team.

 23 Feb 2024, 11:24:37 am IST
New Zealand Bowl First

In the second T20 against Australia. The Blackcaps are chasing a deficit at home, having lost the previous bout to their bitter rivals in dramatic fashion.

 23 Feb 2024, 12:18:49 pm IST
Deepti Sharma Named DSP In UP Police

The Indian national women's team cricketer, who is all set to star in the WPL, also received a cash price of INR 3 Cr for her displays over the past few years.

"I always dreamt of becoming a police officer. I used to see that it is a difficult job but I always wanted to wear that uniform once and wanted to see how it felt," Sharma told PTI.

"My parents also supported me that I should become a police officer. I and my family are really happy with this recognition," she said.

 23 Feb 2024, 01:14:16 pm IST
Namibia Vs Netherlands Update

Namibia have registered 203 runs against the Netherlands in the pair's latest ICC World Cup League 2 match, losing all ten wickets en route. This is a much-improved performance from the Namibians, who lost their last match to the same opponent with relative ease.

 23 Feb 2024, 02:10:30 pm IST
Australia Put 174 On The Board

But New Zealand are 32/4 after seven overs! The hosts need a big, big performance from Glenn Phillips and Josh Clarkson, who are on the crease, chasing 142 in 77 balls at the time of writing.

 23 Feb 2024, 03:05:27 pm IST
A 72-Run Loss For New Zealand At Home

To bitter rivals Australia, making the result all the more terrible. The hosts never got going, as the visiting Australians' bowling attack ran through them like knife through butter. Glenn Phillips made the most, 42, with the second-highest score in the team bein 16. Adam Zampa proved to be the star bowler for the Aussies, taking four wickets. Australia win the three-game series with relative ease.

 23 Feb 2024, 04:07:25 pm IST
A Century For Root Against India

The England batter has been superb in Ranchi, rescuing his team after a dreadful start to their innings. He has taken 219 runs to cross the century-mark, and England are close to reaching 300.

 23 Feb 2024, 04:49:06 pm IST
Netherlands Out For 179

Namibia have won the latest ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 bout by 24 runs, having limited the Netherlands to a 179 total. Jan Frylinck was the star of the match with 34 runs from the bat and three wickets with the ball for just 22 runs.

 23 Feb 2024, 06:48:11 pm IST
WPL Opening Ceremony Underway

The second edition of the Women's Premier League is about to begin. The first match features last year's finalists - Mumbai Indians and Delhi Capitals at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru. But before that, a glittering opening ceremony is on to kick-start the extravaganza. Bollywood star Kartik Aryan is currently performing, and will be followed by Siddharth Malhotra and later, King Khan - Shah Rukh as well.

For all the live updates, head on over to our live blog here.

 23 Feb 2024, 07:32:43 pm IST
Hawk Eye Says Sorry To PCB: Report

Hawk-Eye, the technology company responsible for DRS tracking, has apologised to the Pakistan Cricket Board in a letter after acknowledging an error made during Islamabad United's three-wicket loss to Quetta Gladiators in the Pakistan Super League on Thursday, ESPNcricinfo reports.

The incident occurred during the final ball of the 11th over of the Gladiators' innings. Their captain Rilee Rossouw shuffled across and tried to sweep Salman Ali Agha but missed, with the ball hitting his front pad. Aleem Dar upheld the appeal from the fielding side, and Gladiators promptly reviewed it and got it overturned.

The letter addressed to the PCB chief operating officer Salman Naseer and the production department reportedly accepts that ball tracking for the ball in question did not reflect the path of the actual delivery that had been sent up for review. It is not yet clear what caused the error.

 23 Feb 2024, 08:43:53 pm IST
Para Badminton C'ships: Bhagat, Kadam Make SFs 

Indian para shuttlers Pramod Bhagat and Sukant Kadam have reached the semi-finals of the Para Badminton World Championship to assure themselves of at least a medal in Pattaya, Thailand. Bhagat defeated France's Mathieu Thomas 21-15, 21-17 to set up a semi-final clash with compatriot Manoj Sarkar, PTI reports. Kadam got the better of Nigeria's Chigozie Jeremiah Nnanna 21-13, 21-11. He will take on Indonesia's Fredy Setiawan in the other last-four encounter.

 23 Feb 2024, 09:56:30 pm IST
Women's Hockey Coach Janneke Schopman Resigns

Days after levelling serious allegations against Hockey India, the national women's hockey team chief coach Janneke Schopman has resigned. Her exit follows a disappointing FIH Pro League 2023-24 home season for the Indian team, which was preceded by a failure to seal a Paris Olympics spot at the Qualifiers in Ranchi last month.

Schopman had said five days back that she was not valued and respected enough by the national federation. "I felt alone a lot in the last two years. I come from a culture where women are respected and valued. I don't feel that here," she had said.

 23 Feb 2024, 10:37:59 pm IST
Santosh Trophy: Goa Beat Kerala 2-0

Striker Necio Fernandes scored in either half as Goa beat Kerala 2-0 in their second Group A match in the Santosh Trophy final round in Yupia, Arunachal Pradesh. The victory powered Goa to second position on the table with four points, PTI reports. Goa are two points behind the table-toppers Services, who defeated Arunachal Pradesh earlier in the day.

 24 Feb 2024, 12:09:21 am IST
WPL: Mumbai Capitals Win With Last-Ball Six! 

There could not have been a more apt script for the season-opening match of Women's Premier League 2024. The match going right down to the wire, Mumbai Indians captain Harmanpreet Kaur dismissed off the penultimate ball with five runs still to get. In walks new batter Sajeevan Sajana, and what does she do? She lofts it cleanly over long-on. A last-ball six that cruelly dashes Delhi Capitals' hopes of revenge for the 2023 final loss. Chasing a challenging target of 172, the defending champions have sneaked through with four wickets in hand at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.

 24 Feb 2024, 12:36:47 am IST
That's All, Folks

That's it from us today. We will be back in a few hours with all the action from across sporting arenas, including the Day 2 of the India vs England Test in Ranchi. Until then, goodbye.

Advertisement
Tags
India Vs England
Australia Vs New Zealand
Indian Super League
Pakistan Super League
As It Happened
Highlights
Women's Premier League 2024
Up Your SPF and GPA with Georgetown's Summer Sessions
Browse our wide range of undergraduate and graduate courses, all taught by world-renowned...
Georgetown University
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here is the real cost of 100mg Generic Viagra in 2023
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
These Unsold Camper Vans In Washington Are Selling For...
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Here is the real cost of full mouth dental implants in 2024
Discover Affordable Dental Implants Near You With These Popular Searches.
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Buick Outpaces Competitors Once Again: See The New Models
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
District Of Columbia Say Goodb ye to High Auto Insurance Rat...
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Learn More
CD Rates That Can't Be Ignored
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Electric SUVs Come with Tiny Price Tags (Take a Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
New Zealand Vs Sri Lanka, 2nd ODI Live Score: Ravindra, O'Rourke Lift NZ 2-0 Up In Hamilton
Jasprit Bumrah Fitness Update: Will India Pace Spearhead Play In The ICC Champions Trophy 2025?
WPL 2025: BCCI Shortlists Baroda, Lucknow As Hosts For Third Edition Of Women's Premier League
PAK Vs RSA, 2nd Test: Pakistan In Danger Of Bottom-place WTC Finish After ICC Docks Points For Slow Over-rate
Bangladesh Premier League: Fortune Barishal Down Sylhet Strikers By Seven Wickets
Football News
Liverpool Say No To Elon Musk: FSG React As Father Of World's Richest Man Makes Sensational Claim
EFL Cup: Newcastle Gain Control Of Semi-Final After 2-0 Victory Over Arsenal At Emirates
Tottenham Hotspur Vs Liverpool, EFL Cup: Postecoglou Questions Use Of VAR Protocols In Semi-finals
Real Madrid Vs Mallorca: Vinicius Handed Two-match Suspension, Cleared To Play In Spanish Super Cup
Arsenal 0-2 Newcastle United, EFL Cup: Arteta Insists Wasteful Hosts Were Better Team In First-leg Defeat
Tennis News
Nick Kyrgios Surprisingly Named In Australia Davis Cup Team
Australian Open: Jannik Sinner Focused On Retaining Crown After 'Amazing' 2024
Australian Open 2025 Guide: Preview, Schedule, Prize Money, Live Streaming - All You Need To Know
Australian Open: Naomi Osaka Optimistic Over Participation Despite Injury Concerns
Australian Open: Novak Djokovic Feels 'Trauma', Three Years On From Melbourne Deportation
Hockey News
UP Rudras Vs Hyderabad Toofans Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch
Team Gonasika Vs Tamil Nadu Dragons Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch
HIL 2024-25: Kalinga Lancers End Winless Streak With 6-0 Rout Of Bengal Tigers
Hockey India League Match 14 Highlights: Kalinga Lancers Thrash Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers 6-0 For First Win
Kalinga Lancers Vs Rarh Bengal Tigers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match
Trending Stories
National News
The Gloriously Terrible State Of Debate In Our Parliament
Day In Pics: January 08, 2025
Court Sets March 5 Hearing In Shahi Jama Masjid Dispute Amid Rising Tensions
Anna University Assault Case: CM Stalin Vows To Get Justice For Victim; Slams Opp For ‘Cheap Politics’
How The Draft DPDP Rules 2025 Aim To Protect The Data Of Citizens | Explained
Entertainment News
The Sabarmati Report OTT Release: Here's When And Where To Watch Vikrant Massey Starrer
Manoj Muntashir Warns Akshay Kumar Starrer Sky Force Makers Of Legal Action Over Song Credit
Toxic Teaser: Yash Exudes Charm As He Makes Dashing Entry
Allu Arjun's Pushpa 2 Reloaded Version: 20 Minutes Of Added Footage Will Play In Theatres From January 11
Oscars 2025: Kanguva, All We Imagine As Light, Girls Will Be Girls And Other Indian Films On Contenders List for Best Picture
US News
Los Angeles Declares Emergency As Wildfire Whips Through Hillsides Of Wealthy Neighbourhood
Donald Trump Jr Visits Greenland After Father Aspires To Buy The Island
Seattle Police Officer Fired After Fatal Collision That Killed Indian Student Jaahnavi Kandula
Mexican Citizen Killed After Shooting In Honduran Consulate Near Atlanta
US Winter Blast Causes Travel Disruptions, Closure Of Schools And Offices
World News
Tibet-Nepal Earthquake: 126 Dead After 7.1 Magnitude Earthquake, Rescue Ops On
Bangkok: Thai Police Issue Arrest Warrant For Man Suspected Of Gunning Down Cambodian Ex-Lawmaker
Trudeau Rejects Trump’s Idea Of Using ‘Economic Force’ Against Canada To Make It Part Of US
Los Angeles Declares Emergency As Wildfire Whips Through Hillsides Of Wealthy Neighbourhood
Meta To Drop Fact-Checking And Switch To X-Format 'Community Notes'
Latest Stories
Toxic Teaser: Yash Exudes Charm As He Makes Dashing Entry
New Zealand Vs Sri Lanka, 2nd ODI Live Score: Ravindra, O'Rourke Lift NZ 2-0 Up In Hamilton
Horoscope Today, January 8, 2025: Explore Astrological Insights For Your Zodiac Sign
Meta To Drop Fact-Checking And Switch To X-Format 'Community Notes'
WPL 2025: BCCI Shortlists Baroda, Lucknow As Hosts For Third Edition Of Women's Premier League
Jasprit Bumrah Fitness Update: Will India Pace Spearhead Play In The ICC Champions Trophy 2025?
Allu Arjun's Pushpa 2 Reloaded Version: 20 Minutes Of Added Footage Will Play In Theatres From January 11
Assam Coal Mines Tragedy: One Body Recovered, 8 Trapped As Rescue Operation Resumes
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

Subscribe to Outlook India notifications. Choose categories below and click Allow.

News
Sports
Cricket

Allow

Deny
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/sports-world-updates-today-23-february-2024-live-scores-schedule-results-australia-vs-new-zealand-india-england-4th-test-psl-womens-premier-league-2024-isl-epl 
 ----- 
