Skip to content
Bollywood Entertainment at its best
LAST UPDATED 08.01.2025 | 3:00 PM IST

SEARCH

BOLLYWOOD NEWS
Salman Khan to kick off season 10 of Celebrity Cricket League in Sharjah: “Let the games begin”

Bobby Deol, Suniel Shetty, Genelia D'Souza will be adding glamour to the event.

By Monica Yadav -
February 21, 2024 - 1:57 PM IST

Bollywood Hungama has reported earlier that Salman Khan will be attending the season 10 of Celebrity Cricket League 2024. Now, it is confirmed that the superstar will be in Sharjah to kick off the ceremony. Accompanying him, the star- studded event will also feature A-list celebs like Bobby Deol, Suniel Shetty, Genelia D'Souza adding to the glamour as they passionately cheer for their favourite teams.

#Salman Khan

Salman Khan to kick off season 10 of Celebrity Cricket League in Sharjah: “Let the games begin”

Salman Khan, the brand ambassador of team Mumbai Heroes, will be there to cheer fellow actors and his own team players - Ritesh Deshmukh, Aftab Shivdasani, Sharad Kelkar, Saqib Saleem, and many others. He also co-owns the team with brother Sohail Khan. The celebrity packed league kicks off with a thrilling match between Mumbai Heroes and Kerala Strikers on February 23, 2024, broadcasting live on JioCinema and Sony Sports 5.

Showcasing his excitement, Salman Khan, Indian Actor and Film Producer, said, "It is always exciting for me to join everyone at CCL. The love, the camaraderie, the excitement is what keeps me coming back to the league. It's one of those occasions that unites the Indian film fraternity, and every time I meet my brothers at such events, it truly warms my heart with joy. It’s season 10 already, and it's great to see the league go places, literally. I wish the best to all the teams always. Inshaallah the trophy will find its way back home. Let the games begin!”

Speaking on the continued partnership, Vishnu Vardhan Induri, Founder, Celebrity Cricket League, said, “We couldn’t be more excited to have the megastar Salman Khan himself kickoff our milestone season 10. Bhaijaan’s presence is more than just star power for us, as he brings with him a touch of good fortune and bucket loads of love. With Salman on board, I am sure together we will make this season a great success as well.”

Launched in 2011, Celebrity Cricket League has evolved to become India’s most-watched sport and entertainment event. With an impressive cumulative TV and digital reach, the previous season of Celebrity Cricket League reached out to over 250 million viewers across the country. Comprising 8 teams representing India’s major film industries, including Hindi, Punjabi, Bhojpuri, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, and Malayalam, CCL Season 10 will bring together over 200 most followed and loved film celebrities under a single platform, making way for unmatched entertainment.

CCL, now in its 10th season, is set to begin on 23rd February. It will feature some of the biggest names from India's film industry, including Salman Khan, Kichcha Sudeepa, Sohail Khan, Akhil Akkineni, Indrajith Sukumaran, Sonu Sood, Manoj Tiwari, Aarya, Jisshu Sengupta, Riteish Deshmukh, and more. The tournament will be held at various venues, including Sharjah (UAE), as well as multiple cities in India, such as Hyderabad, Chandigarh, Trivandrum and Vizag, which will also host the playoffs and finals.

ALSO READ: SCOOP: Salman Khan meets Atlee for a Dabangg spin-off; Atlee to write the script

Tags : Celebrity Cricket League, Celebrity Cricket League 2024, Cricket, News, Salman Khan, Sharjah, Sports


BOLLYWOOD NEWS - LIVE UPDATES

Catch us for latest Bollywood News, New Bollywood Movies update, Box office collection, New Movies Release , Bollywood News Hindi, Entertainment News, Bollywood Live News Today & Upcoming Movies 2025 and stay updated with latest hindi movies only on Bollywood Hungama.

Rate this article
Make favorite
Facebook Comments
Recommended for you
Taapsee Pannu has kicked off second leg of…
Nimrit Kaur Ahluwalia’s debut film Shaunki…
Hrithik Roshan fans to win a chance to…
EXCLUSIVE: Nawazuddin Siddiqui to start…
Hansika Motwani and family face allegations…
EXCLUSIVE: Aanand L Rai and AR Rahman join…
TRENDING NEWS
Baby John Movie Review Oye Bhootni Ke Movie Barroz Movie Baby John Box Office Vanvaas Box Office Bollywood News Latest Bollywood News Features News Pushpa 2 (Hindi) becomes the.. Box Office Estimate: Baby.. Allu Arjun : Article 370 Movie Dharma Productions : Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani Movie Aamir Khan : 3 Idiots Movie Kapil Sharma Varun Dhawan : Student Of The Year Movie Divyenndu : Agni Movie Jr NTR Baby John Movie
BOLLYWOOD TRENDING NEWS
Taapsee Pannu has kicked off second leg of Gandhari shoot, reveals source
Nimrit Kaur Ahluwalia’s debut film Shaunki Sardar gets a release date, the actress shares excitement to make…
Hrithik Roshan fans to win a chance to attend special screening of Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai on January 9, ahead of…
EXCLUSIVE: Nawazuddin Siddiqui to start shooting his next project from January 11
Hansika Motwani and family face allegations from her sister-in-law Muskan Nancy James; latter files FIR…
EXCLUSIVE: Aanand L Rai and AR Rahman join hands for the third time for Dhanush starrer Tere Ishk Mein
RELATEDLATEST NEWS
Bollywood Hungama Best of 2024: From Lakshya in Kill…
Kiara Advani to headline Dinesh Vijan’s Shakti…
SCOOP: Sunny Deol, Aamir Khan and Rajinikanth to take…
Fateh actor Sonu Sood refers to Jacqueline Fernandez…
EXCLUSIVE: Made in Heaven actor Kashyap Shangari gears…
SCOOP: Sharvari or Ananya Panday in Tu Meri Main Tera…
Throwback: Mahira Khan’s ethereal look test for Sanjay…
Azaad Trailer Reactions: Abhishek Bachchan and Vicky…
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani Box Office: Is superb on…
Akshay Oberoi speaks on bagging Karan Johar’s…
2024
8
JAN
Bollywood News On this date last year
Vijay Varma, Fatima Sana Shaikh starrer Ul Jalool Ishq to go on…
LOOK THROUGH ARCHIVES
YEAR
Select
2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
Select
MONTH
Select
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Select
SEARCH
Entertainment directory
MoviesCelebrities
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#
New Bollywood Movies
Vanvaas Movie
The Rabbit House Movie
Mufasa: The Lion King (English) Movie
Barroz Movie
Baby John Movie
Oye Bhootni Ke Movie
Battle Of Chhuriyaan Movie
Superboys Of Malegaon Movie
Kraven The Hunter (English) Movie
Game Changer Movie
Bollywood Movie Reviews
Mufasa: The Lion King (English) Review
Girls Will Be Girls Review
Zero Se Restart Review
Despatch Review
Agni Review
Pushpa 2 – The Rule Review
Sikandar Ka Muqaddar Review
Moana 2 (English) Review
I Want To Talk Review
All We Imagine As Light Review
Public Movie Reviews
Pushpa 2 – The Rule Public Review
Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3 Public Review
Singham Again Public Review
Bad Newz Public Review
Chandu Champion Public Review
Crew Public Review
Teri Baaton Mein Aisa Uljha Jiya Public Review
Fighter Public Review
Salaar Public Review
Dunki Public Review
Box Office Collection
Pushpa 2 – The Rule Box Office
Delhi Bus Box Office
Moana 2 (English) Box Office
I Want To Talk Box Office
Dhai Aakhar Box Office
Naam Box Office
Wicked (English) Box Office
Christmas Eve in Miller’s Point (English) Box Office
The Sabarmati Report Box Office
Gladiator II (English) Box Office
Top Celebs
Akshay Kumar
Katrina Kaif
Ranveer Singh
Deepika Padukone
Allu Arjun
Vaani Kapoor
Salman Khan
Rashmika Mandanna
John Abraham
Ayushmann Khurrana
Tara Sutaria
Rajkummar Rao
Bollywood Box Office
Box Office Collection
Analysis & Features
All Time Top Grossers
Overseas Box Office
100 Crore club
200 Crore club
Top Actors
Top Actress
Box Office Collection 2023
Box Office Collection 2022
Box Office Collection 2021
Box Office Collection 2020
Latest Bollywood News
Bollywood News
Featured Movie News
Latest Box Office News
Box Office Updates
Box Office Business Talk
Box Office Overseas News
Latest News Slideshows
Upcoming Releases
Movie Reviews
Bollywood Hindi News
Top Bollywood Photos
Parties and Events
Latest Celeb Photos
Celeb Wallpapers
Movie Stills
First Look
Movie Wallpapers
Toons
New Latest Videos
Top Movie Video Songs
Celebrity Interview Videos
Movie Trailer Videos
Party & Event Videos
Exclusives & Specials
Bollywood Movie Trailer
Pintu Ki Pappi (Official Trailer) | Shushant |…
Hitman - Teaser | Fateh | Sonu Sood, Yo Yo Honey…
Saako 363: Teaser | Sneha Ullal, Gavie Chahal
Fateh Kar Fateh - Teaser | Fateh | Sonu Sood,…
Barroz 3D - Guardian of Treasure (Hindi) | | A…
Birangay - Teaser | Azaad | Aaman Devgan, Rasha…
Useful links
Latest Hindi News
Latest Bhojpuri News
Celebs@twitter
Hungama.com
Artist Aloud
Hungama Games
Sitemap
Movie Reviews
Music Reviews
Bharat Official Trailer
Downloads Photos
Download Celeb Photos
Download Celeb Wallpapers
Download Movie photos
Download Celebrity Party Photos
Download Movie First Look Poster
Download Magazine Cover
Download Movie On Set Photos
Download Movie Wallpapers
Home | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Feedback | Contact Us | Grievance Officer | FAQ
Download App on  
Copyright © 2024 Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Salman Khan to kick off season 10 of Celebrity Cricket League in…
Nimrit Kaur Ahluwalia’s debut film Shaunki Sardar gets a release…
Hrithik Roshan fans to win a chance to attend special screening of…
EXCLUSIVE: Nawazuddin Siddiqui to start shooting his next project…
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bollywoodhungama.com/news/bollywood/salman-khan-kick-off-season-10-celebrity-cricket-league-sharjah-let-games-begin/ 
 ----- 
