	
SOCCER
Broos wary of Congo despite turmoil in camp
'Taking them lightly will be a huge mistake'
 11 October 2024 - 06:00 
	
Neville Khoza
SPORTS JOURNALIST
General view of of Bafana Bafana going through their paces at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.
Image: Richard Huggard

Ahead of Bafana Bafana's crucial Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) back-to-back qualifiers against Congo at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Friday (7pm) and on Tuesday, coach Hugo Broos refused to read much into their opponents' chaotic preparations for the two-leg fixture.

Congo landed in the country only late on Thursday due to their recent chaos back home. Last week, the Congo Football Association were allegedly kicked out from their headquarters by police in Brazzaville, and it is believed their fight with their government is the reason for their failure to land in Gqeberha, Eastern Cape, in time for today's match. They were said to be missing a few players as a result.

Broos insisted on Thursday he would be making a big mistake to think Congo would arrive in low spirits at Nelson Mandela Bay due to the turmoil in their camp.

“There are a lot of things happening and it is a little bit chaotic, but again, those are professional players. I said already before that Afcon is the most important thing for an African player,” Broos told the media during the press conference at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Thursday.

We have to be prepared and certainly don't focus on what happens there with the offices closed and not training a day before the match and not having a press conference.
Bafana coach Hugo Broos

“Everybody wants to play in the Afcon, maybe more important than the World Cup. They will be ready on Friday, maybe the preparation of the game was not ideal.

“But on the other hand, they are professionals. Certainly, at the start of the game, they will be motivated and try to get good results here. So, we can expect a motivated team from Congo. During the game, I know when such things happen to have chaotic preparations, maybe we can make one or two goals.”

Broos emphasised that Bafana will have to be well-prepared and not think things will be easy despite Congo having problems.

“You can be sure they will fight until the last moment of the game to have a good result,” he said.

“We have to be prepared and certainly don't focus on what happens there with the offices closed and not training a day before the match and not having a press conference.

“That's not ideal, but again, on Friday it is a football game, we have to be prepared. I'm not thinking that we will have a demotivated team. That would be a very big mistake.”

Should they beat Congo on Friday and on Tuesday, they would have booked a ticket to the Afcon in Morocco, taking place late next year.

With Siyabonga Ngezana injured, Broos will likely start with Grant Kekana and Rushwin Dortley in the heart of central defence.

SowetanLIVE

Broos aims to seal Afcon ticket at Congo
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos has targeted six points from the two Afcon qualifiers against Congo, reiterating the desire to avoid a “stressful ...
SPORT2 months ago
Broos disenchanted by chaos in Bafana camp
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos isn't happy with how the latest camp, ahead of two Afcon qualifiers against Congo, has started with injuries, ...
SPORT2 months ago
Broos hails Nabi for Amakhosi turnaround
The early signs of a competitive team Kaizer Chiefs have already shown under new coach Nasreddine Nabi delight Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos, who ...
SPORT2 months ago
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Register (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

REGISTER
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

LATEST VIDEOS
December SMAG Cover shoot with Lordkez
12-million litres of water lost daily to illegal use - Joburg Water
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Here's what a Water Filtration System Should Cost in North Charleston
Finally... A Whole-House Water...
Smart Lifestyle Trends
WATCH | 'He is not here': Malema on Mbuyiseni Ndlozi's absence at elective conference
EFF leader Julius Malema says the...
Metformin Industry Hates This Japanese Trick to Tackle Blood Sugar
Sugar Reverse
Prisoner dies at Mangaung Correctional Centre
The department of correctional...
Taste the Ooni Difference. Learn Why Ooni Stands Out
See the difference. Taste the diffe...
Ooni Pizza Ovens
WATCH | Malema thanks gran dmother, family in emotional speech to EFF national people' s assembly
EFF leader Julius Malema became...
SowetanLIVE
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms & conditions and privacy policy.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-10-11-broos-wary-of-congo-despite-turmoil-in-camp/ 
 ----- 
