Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies’ historic strikeout parade continues in 5-2 loss to Brewers
Milwaukee tags Ty Blach for three homers
MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN – SEPTEMBER 07: Joey Ortiz #3 of the Milwaukee Brewers reacts to an RBI double against the Colorado Rockies during the fourth inning at American Family Field on September 07, 2024 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 7, 2024 at 8:43 PM MDT

The 2024 Rockies are making the wrong kind of history.

In their 5-2 loss to Milwaukee on Saturday night, the Rockies struck out 15 times as they continued their march toward ignominy.

They have now whiffed 1,485 times, the most in the National League, and are well on pace to eclipse the franchise record of 1,543 Ks set last season. On the current road trip, the Rockies have whiffed 75 times, an average of 15 Ks per game over their first five games of the nine-game trip.

The Rockies’ 75 strikeouts over five games are the second-most by a team over any five-game span in the modern era, trailing only the Brewers’ 77 in the 2017 season.

Given their futility at the plate, especially against starter Tobias Myers, and given how the Brewers hammered lefty starter Ty Blach, Colorado had little chance to beat the National League Central leaders.

Back-to-back, two-out homers by Willy Adames and Gary Sanchez off Blach in the first inning quickly put the Rockies in a hole. A two-run homer by William Contreras buried the Rockies in the fourth.

Milwaukee’s fifth run arrived in the fourth when Sal Frelick punched a two-out single to right. That was it for Blach. Enter right-hander Jake Bird, who promptly gave up an RBI double to Joey Ortiz.

Blach, called up from Triple-A Albuquerque as an emergency starter when Cal Quantrill went on the injured list, was charged with five runs on six hits over 3 2/3 innings. In his Sept. 1 start, the Orioles punched him for five runs on five hits over four innings. His ERA has soared to 6.94.

Myers, a rookie of the year candidate, gave up one run on four hits with 11 strikeouts over six innings.

The Rockies’ two runs came via solo home runs. Ryan McMahon led off the fourth with a solo blast off Tobias Myers, McMahon’s 18th. Sam Hilliard, who replaced Brenton Doyle in center field, hit a solo homer in the eighth, his sixth.

Doyle left the game in the fifth with a left hand injury suffered when he made a diving catch in the fourth inning. Manager Bud Black told reporters after the game that although Doyle’s hand “swelled up a little bit,” he didn’t think the injury was a big concern.

Bryant could be done. Kris Bryant, who has struggled with injuries throughout his unproductive, three-year tenure with the Rockies, could be done for the season as he continues dealing with a chronic lower-back injury.

“He’s doing better. He’s feeling good,” Black told reporters before Saturday’s game.

But Black also said: “You know, in the NFL, you’ve got ‘probable,’ ‘questionable,’ and ‘doubtful.’ I’m going to say it’s questionable, but we’re running out of time.”

Bryant, 32, has played just 159 games since signing a franchise-record, seven-year, $182 million free-agent contract in the spring of 2022.  He continues exercising and getting treatment to strengthen his back but is not doing baseball activities.

Bryant has not played since Aug. 6 and has been limited to 37 games this season, slashing .218/.323/.301 with two home runs. During his Rockies career, he’s slashed .250/.332./.381 with 17 homers.

The Rockies could have placed Bryant on the 60-day injured list when the major-league roster expanded for September, but that didn’t happen.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 7, 2024 at 8:03 PM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
[Gallery] Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Struggling to Stay Hydrated? This Might Be The Answer
Liquid I.V.
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Psoriatic Arthritis is Silent but Deadly - See More
Tardive Dyskinesia
Hair Loss May Become a Thing of The Past (This is Mind Blowing)
WG Hair Restore
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Restore Perfect 20/20 Vision Without Glasses, Surgery or Lens (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Neuropathy? When The Burning, Tingling & Numbness Won't Stop - Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Coast Guard Intercepts Strange Blue Boat. Then They Take a Look Inside
cleverst
Neuropathy & Nerve Pain: Why Didn't Your Neurologist Tell You About This?
Wellness Gaze Nuero
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? a Discovery That Will Turn Heads!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
Forget Furosemide, Use This Household Item to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (Big Pharma Companies Hate This!)
Control Sugar Levels
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
15 Breakfast Foods That Are Actually Unhealthy
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Michael Malone almost shut down Jamal Murray at halftime in Dallas. Then Murray catalyzed a comeback win: “He’s not 100% healthy.”
Hurts tosses 2 TD passes and Goedert throws 3 stiff-arms to lead Eagles past Packers 22-10
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Aaron Gordon stars off bench in return from injury, Nuggets storm back from down 19 at Mavericks
A celebration of women’s hockey in Colorado sets American attendance record for PWHL Takeover
Broncos defense bullied by Bills’ rushing attack in wild-card round loss: “We never had an answer”
Broncos’ Pat Surtain II on Josh Allen’s fourth-down touchdown pass: “I thought it was out”
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
7
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/07/rockies-strikeout-parade-brewers-loss/ 
 ----- 
