MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
The nuances in Matt Chapman’s contract, plus the power of MLB’s stretch run
By Levi Weaver and Ken Rosenthal
Sep 6, 2024

19

The Windup Newsletter ⚾ | This is The Athletic’s daily MLB newsletter. Sign up here to receive The Windup directly in your inbox.

Let’s talk about Matt Chapman’s new contract with the Giants! Plus: Ken on the Guardians’ reunion of old pals, a look at the impact of second-half records on contenders’ World Series chances, and our Baseball Card of the Week. I’m Levi Weaver, here with Ken Rosenthal — welcome to The Windup!

Numbers Game: Analyzing Matt Chapman’s contract

The news broke late Wednesday night (or early Thursday morning, depending on your time zone) that Matt Chapman will not be hitting the free-agent market this winter, instead signing a six-year extension worth $151 million with the Giants.

It’s interesting for several reasons (many of which Grant Brisbee laid out here), but there are levels:

First, Chapman was one of the “Boras Four” last winter (Blake Snell, Jordan Montgomery and Cody Bellinger were the other three). The quartet of star players took creative deals late in the free-agency process when their market didn’t quite develop the way many of us expected. The thought was that each could take an opt-out and hit the market again this winter if they so chose.
Chapman — who started his career with five seasons in Oakland — decided he liked where he was, and now he (and manager Bob Melvin) will outlast his original team in the Bay Area. It was, as Andrew Baggarly points out, probably the deal the Giants should have offered him last offseason.

It also preempts the possibility of another “we tried” moment in San Francisco, as we saw with Aaron Judge, Bryce Harper and Shohei Ohtani in recent years. No better way to sign a free agent than to prevent one from hitting free agency in the first place.

It will be curious to see how Chapman’s contract contrasts with those of Snell, Montgomery and Bellinger this winter. Montgomery (who is no longer with Boras) seems unlikely to take his opt-out, given his rough 2024 season, but will the other two get their big paychecks?

This move will also make Alex Bregman’s looming free agency a lot more interesting, since teams won’t have Chapman as a fallback option at third base. Bregman, too, is a Boras client. As Ken posits, this might be the start of the “Boras Revenge Tour.”

Ken’s Notebook: Cobb relishing time with Guardians

From my story today about Cleveland’s veteran pitching additions, Alex Cobb and Matthew Boyd:

In a sense, Cobb’s trade to the Guardians brought his career full circle. After the Rays, then known as the Devil Rays, chose him in the fourth round of the 2006 draft, his catchers in his first two seasons of pro ball included Craig Albernaz and Stephen Vogt, the Guardians’ current bench coach and manager, respectively.

Vogt, the Devil Rays’ 12th-round pick in 2007, said Cobb was the first teammate he met at extended spring training in St. Petersburg. The two were soon to depart for Hudson Valley, a short-season team in the old New York-Penn League. Cobb, then 19, three years younger than Vogt, introduced himself while on the phone, standing in the hallway of the team hotel. They were teammates not only that season, but also at Triple A in 2011 and with the Rays in ‘12.

“It’s been really surreal to have him on our team and to be working with him again,” Vogt said.

Cobb, in turn, is tickled that his old teammate now has “the keys to an organization,” and that he, Vogt and Albernaz occasionally find themselves “sitting in a room together just kind of laughing about if they knew what stupid stuff we did in the minor leagues.”

All these years later, Vogt views both Cobb, 36, and Boyd, 33, as almost ideal additions, bringing veteran presence and combining with the Guardians’ highly regarded pitching instructors — pitching coach Carl Willis, assistant pitching coach Joe Torres and bullpen coach Brad Goldberg — to help the younger starters understand their own strengths.

Veteran presence, though, is most meaningful, perhaps only meaningful, when the veteran performs well. Cobb’s ERA in his three starts with Cleveland is 2.76. In his last outing especially, he felt things starting to click. He could see it in the Pirates’ reactions to the way his stuff was moving.

His goal is to be in midseason form by October.

“Think about 10 years of not winning. It wears on you,” Cobb said. “Other places I’ve been, August and September has been like, when are we going to lose enough games to where the organization gives up? It’s a toxic mindset to have.

“I went to San Francisco after they won 107 games (in 2021). With an expanded postseason, (you think) there’s no way you’re not going to go back to the postseason. And then it just didn’t happen for two years.

“This has been such an amazing opportunity. I’m so thankful to the organization and to Vogter and Alby because I know they had a big hand in bringing me over.

“It’s changed my career, for sure.”

Investigations: Do strong finishes matter?

Jayson Stark asks an interesting question today: Do second-half records really matter when it comes to a team’s chances of winning the World Series?

Turns out, yeah, they really do. As Jayson points out, only one team — the 2006 Cardinals, who went 35-39 down the stretch — has won the World Series after posting a losing record in the second half (and they did it against the Tigers, who went 36-38 in the second half that year).

The only other team to even make it to the World Series after playing sub-.500 ball after the All-Star Game? The 2023 Diamondbacks, who fell to the Rangers in five games in last year’s Fall Classic.

That’s not great news for a few contending teams. The Twins and Guardians are below .500 since the Midsummer Classic, while the Phillies are at exactly .500 (22-22) and three others (Orioles, Yankees, Braves) are either one or two games over .500 over that stretch.

It bodes well for the other seven teams currently in a playoff position, however. Their records range from 30-13 (Padres) to 24-20 (Royals).

Jayson also dives in on what’s going on with the Guardians and Phillies, both of whom had the best records in their respective leagues not that long ago.

Baseball Card of the Week: 1987 Topps Pete Rose

An artifact of a simpler time, to be sure. I picked this card this week because I just finished watching the HBO docuseries “Charlie Hustle.” It’s extremely well done, and I highly recommend it, especially if you’re not quite old enough to remember the Pete Rose saga as it unfolded in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

I thought JJ Abrams and crew did a great job of laying out the facts with no obvious spin, allowing the viewers to make up their own mind on Rose’s legacy. It’s a complicated one, for sure.

It also features my favorite Reds beat writer, which is a fun little bonus.

Handshakes and High Fives

Chad Jennings and Stephen Nesbitt set out to find one league-leading stat for each MLB team (and one league-worst). Some were obvious, but many … were not.

Mike Baumann of the *double-checks notes* ah yes, the Marlins has tied an MLB record this year: He has played for five different teams since late March. Tyler Kepner traces Baumann’s journey in his “Sliders” column.

Face it: The Brewers might be the most fun story in baseball this year. Cody Stavenhagen tells us about their philosophy, and how they’re embracing the underdog role.

After retiring earlier this year, Yankees radio broadcaster John Sterling has accepted an offer to return to the booth for this year’s postseason. It’s a limited-time return.

Big day for the Tigers. Not only did Parker Meadows hit a down-to-their-last-strike grand slam to beat the Padres 4-3 last night, but Detroit features the top two prospects in Jim Bowden’s latest top 50 list. Also: Stavenhagen explains Tarik Skubal’s remarkable season in 10 stats.

Center field in the NL Central could be a fun matchup for years to come, with Pete Crow-Armstrong in Chicago and Victor Scott II in St. Louis both poised to be mainstays.

Michael Salfino asks: Is Willie Mays undervalued in the baseball card industry?

Remember earlier this year when we were checking on Mookie Betts and Steven Kwan’s streak of plate appearances without a strikeout? Time to fire up the counter again: Luis Arraez of the Padres is now at 101. His last strikeout was Aug. 10. It’s the longest streak since Jeff Keppinger in 2010 (107).

AL wild card: In addition to the Tigers’ win (they’re five games back), the Twins beat the Rays 4-3 to take a half-game lead over Kansas City for the second wild-card position.

NL wild card: The Braves lost, falling into a tie for the third and final wild-card position with the Mets, who had the night off. Meanwhile, Will Sammon says Mets manager Carlos Mendoza doesn’t seem like a first-year skipper.

Most-clicked in yesterday’s newsletter: Chris Kirschner’s dispatch on the Yankees’ closer situation, including who could take over for Clay Holmes.

Sign up for our other newsletters: The Pulse  | The Athletic FC ️ | The Bounce  | Full Time  | Prime Tire   | Scoop City  | Until Saturday  

The Athletic maintains full editorial independence in all our coverage. When you click or make purchases through our links, we may earn a commission.

(Top photo: Robert Edwards / USA Today)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5750382/2024/09/06/matt-chapman-contract-giants-the-windup/ 
 ----- 
