MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
The Marlins are the craziest part of a crazy National League wild-card race
By Tim Britton
Sep 29, 2023

62

NEW YORK — Late Tuesday night, after the Marlins’ game was postponed — not rained out, but postponed — by unplayable field conditions in Queens, outfielder Bryan De La Cruz barely slept. Yes, the biggest day of the Miami season loomed in a doubleheader the next afternoon. But De La Cruz couldn’t stop watching baseball around the league that night; specifically, he was transfixed by the Brewers and Phillies’ champagne celebrations.

“I started picturing us right there,” he said through interpreter Luis Dorante.

One night later, after Miami rebounded to beat Kodai Senga and earn an important doubleheader split — while the Cubs lost another heartbreaker in Atlanta — De La Cruz beamed.

“This is all we want,” he said. “We’re going to put on a show and make the playoffs.”

No one could confuse the 2023 National League wild-card race with the great September pennant chases of the past. It has been marked by hiccups more than heroics, and it took one more lurch toward entropy on Thursday when Miami’s series finale with the Mets was suspended in the ninth inning — the Marlins having just surged ahead with another late rally.

Nevertheless, the most remarkable part of this race is the Marlins’ defiant presence in it. Despite being the small-revenue resident in a big-market division, despite injuries throughout their stable of rotation horses, despite an eight-game losing streak that threatened the whole season back in July, the Marlins are still here. They have arrived at the final weekend of the regular season in control of their own destiny.

Thursday’s confusion aside, Miami possesses the best clarity of all: Win and in. If the Marlins sweep the Pirates over the weekend, they’ll participate in the postseason for the fourth time in franchise history, and the first time in a 162-game season since their last championship in 2003.

How did this happen?

	Dynamic players like Jazz Chisholm Jr., second from left, are part of a young team with a knack for winning close games. (Sam Navarro / USA Today)

Kim Ng smirks. The general manager knows exactly where this is going.

We’re about to have the run differential conversation.

Why aren’t the Marlins supposed to be here? Well, for one, Miami has allowed 58 more runs than it has scored this season. Ten different teams in the National League own a better run differential than the Marlins, even though only five teams own a better record than them.

Only five teams in major-league history have made the postseason the same year they were outscored, the last of them being the 2007 Diamondbacks. The ’05 Padres, who allowed 42 more runs than they scored, have the worst run differential of any postseason team in history. One of those five teams, the ’87 Twins, went on to win the World Series anyway.

“For me, run differential is something that, if I’m doing a drive-by on a statistic, it’s a nice quick one just to get a feel for where the club is,” Ng said outside the visiting clubhouse at Citi Field on Thursday night. “A loss is a loss. You could lose 2-1, you could lose 16-2, it counts the same, really.”

If you’ve watched Ng’s Marlins over the last two seasons, you can’t help but become well-versed in the significance — or lack of it — of run differential. Throughout the first half of the 2022 season, the Marlins ran a positive run differential despite languishing below .500, their inability to win close games (24-40 in one-run games) helping doom them to a 93-loss season.

This season, it’s been an entirely different story. Miami won its first dozen one-run games while losing a quartet of games by a combined 41 runs. That’s how the Marlins sat above .500 with a run differential almost 50 below barely a month into the season.

“I’m sure a lot of people would attribute that to luck. Some of it was luck,” Ng said. “But I think when you look at it over the course of a pretty good amount of time, what we had done to that point wasn’t luck. It was probably the four or five games we got blown out of.”

Five months later, little has changed. The Marlins’ 32-13 record in one-run games is the second-best in the wild-card era to the 2016 Rangers. They’ve won seven games when behind entering the ninth inning; no team has more this season.

“It’s a different kind of mindset,” utility player Jon Berti said. “It’s a thought process of, Well how are we going to win this one? We don’t know how we’re going to do it, but we’re going to make it work.”

“The more times that we’re put in those situations, the more comfortable we are,” catcher Nick Fortes said. “Each one is like, Here we go again.”

Thursday was a prime example. Down 1-0 after eight, Miami pieced together two runs on a De La Cruz single, Jazz Chisholm Jr. double and Yuli Gurriel pinch-hit single.

“Earlier in the year, when you start winning those close games, there’s a belief that we can do it,” manager Skip Schumaker said. “That’s why we are where we are, those one-run games and these guys coming back so often.”

GO DEEPER

Marlins-Mets game suspended in top of ninth

A thorough analysis of the merits of run differential at the end of the season is, admittedly, a tad superfluous. The record is what the record is, and much to the chagrin of the fine city of San Diego, playoff berths are not handed out on the basis of how much you outscored your opponent by.

But Ng’s opinions about and interpretations of run differential were especially important at the end of July. After an outstanding first half that had the Marlins 14 games over .500, they lost their first eight contests after the All-Star break. A week before the trade deadline, they were a half-game out of the playoffs with a minus-25 run differential. In the last decade, only two teams have had a worse run differential at that time and still made the postseason (the 2017 Twins and 2021 Cardinals).

Given that data, many organizations would have chosen to stand pat at the deadline or, at most, tinker around the edges of the roster. Ng and the Marlins took a more aggressive approach. They traded their first-round pick from 2021, a good pitching prospect and two well-regarded rookie-ball prospects for Josh Bell, Jake Burger and David Robertson, respectively.

“I’ve been at the deadline when you’re sellers and it’s not a great feeling as a player,” Schumaker said. “When you’re a player and they buy, you feel like the front office has your back and believes in you.”

“It verified and validated everything we were working for,” Fortes said. “We knew we were in it all along, and that just showed us that the front office believed it just as much as we did.”

Beyond the messaging, of course, the moves had to work on the field. And the Marlins are here because they were precisely that aggressive at the deadline.

Burger has performed better than any hitter moved at the deadline. The third baseman’s average is up nearly 100 points, his strikeout rate down 10 percentage points since the trade. Bell has looked a lot more like his usual self than he ever did in Cleveland; he’s launched as many homers as a Marlin than he did in twice the games with the Guardians.

“They completely transformed our team and our lineup,” Schumaker said. “They hit in the middle of the order every night and they’ve produced. It changed our clubhouse, it changed our culture and it changed our lineup. It checked every box.”

The Marlins’ young roster understands the rarity of this moment. No, this was not a happy club as it departed Citi Field for Pittsburgh in the early morning hours Friday. But this was just another obstacle to overcome in a season full of them.

“You always want to be part of a culture change,” Fortes said, “and this year has been a huge culture change.”

“Winning’s a lot more fun,” Berti said, the club’s longest-tenured position player. “We just want to keep it going.”

(Top photo of Bryan De La Cruz: Vincent Carchietta / USA Today)

Tim Britton is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the New York Mets. He has covered Major League Baseball since 2009 and the Mets since 2018. Prior to joining The Athletic, he spent seven seasons on the Red Sox beat for the Providence Journal. He has also contributed to Baseball Prospectus, NBC Sports Boston, MLB.com and Yahoo Sports. Follow Tim on Twitter @TimBritton

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4912162/2023/09/29/marlins-wild-card-race-run-differential/ 
 ----- 
