Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Francisco Lindor Makes New York Mets History
Shortstop Francisco Lindor has made New York Mets history
Pat Ragazzo | Sep 27, 2023
Francisco Lindor Makes New York Mets History /
In this story:
New York Mets

He has made history.

Shortstop Francisco Lindor became the fourth New York Mets player to join the 30/30 club on Wednesday night.

In Game 2 of the Mets' doubleheader with the Miami Marlins, Lindor cranked home runs No. 29 and No. 30 to go along with his 30 stolen bases on the season. Lindor also homered in the first game of the doubleheader, hitting three long balls on the day overall.

Beyond Lindor, David Wright, Darryl Strawberry and Howard Johnson are the only other Mets to accomplish this feat.

Lindor is the first Met to go 30/30 since Wright did in 2007. 

The 29-year-old had never done this in his career before.

Lindor also broke his own previous record for the most home runs by a Mets shortstop in a single season.

Published Sep 27, 2023
PAT RAGAZZO

Pat Ragazzo is the main publisher and reporter for the Mets and Yankees On SI sites. He has been covering the Mets since 2018 and Yankees since 2021. Pat was selected as The Top Reporter & Publisher of the Year 2024 by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP) for outstanding leadership, dedication, and commitment to the industry. He has appeared on several major TV Networks including: NBC4, CBS2, FOX5, PIX11 and NY1; and is a recurring guest on ESPN New York 880 AM and WFAN Sports Radio 101.9 FM. Pat is also the Mets insider for Barstool Sports personality Frank "The Tank" Fleming’s podcast. You can follow him on Twitter/X and Instagram: @ragazzoreport.

Follow ragazzoreport

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mets/news/francisco-lindor-makes-new-york-mets-history 
 ----- 
