Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Mets’ Joey Lucchesi earns win after wild Uber accident
By Mark W. Sanchez
Published Sep. 27, 2023, 8:42 p.m. ET
11

Joey Lucchesi told reporters after his winning start Wednesday that his Uber got into a car accident when leaving Citi Field on Tuesday night.

Lucchesi, who allowed two runs in six-plus innings in the Mets’ 11-2 win over the Marlins in the first game of a doubleheader, said he is “all right” but experienced some back soreness.

The Mets fell 4-2 in the nightcap.

Joey Lucchesi picked up his fourth win of the season in the Mets’ 11-2 blowout win over the Marlins in the first game of a doubleheader.
Jason Szenes for the New York Post

“The police were chasing this stranger, and then the guy collided into our car,” Lucchesi told reporters. “Totally messed up the Uber’s left side — I was on the right side luckily. It wasn’t too drastic of a crash.”

Lucchesi said the car was no longer driveable, but Tylor Megill happened to witness the crash and was able to take Lucchesi and his family back to their hotel.

11

What do you think? Post a comment.

According to Lucchesi, police arrested the suspect.

Lucchesi improved to 4-0 with the win and has a 2.89 ERA.

FILED UNDER JOEY LUCCHESI  NEW YORK METS  9/27/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/27/mets-joey-lucchesi-in-car-accident-tuesday-night-gets-win/ 
 ----- 
