X
NCAAF
Final
6
OSU
28
3
TEX
14
NBA
Final
OKC
126
NYK
101
Final
MIL
109
ORL
106
Today
8:00 PM
HOU
(25-12)
ATL
(19-19)
NCAAM
Final
22
UCLA
61
MD
79
Today
6:00 PM
2
AUB
(14-1)
SCAR
(10-5)
Today
7:00 PM
9
CONN
(12-4)
GTW
(12-3)
NFL
Today
9:30 PM
LAC
(0-0)
HOU
(0-0)
NHL
Final/OT
LA
2
WPG
1
Final/OT
MTL
3
WSH
2
Today
6:00 PM
BOS
(20-19-5)
FLA
(25-15-2)
NCAAW
Today
9:00 PM
7
CONN
(14-2)
GTWN
(8-6)
HOME
>
MLB
>
NEW YORK METS
Mets' Steve Cohen Apologizes to Marlins for Field Conditions that Forced Doubleheader
JOSEPH ZUCKER
SEPTEMBER 28, 2023

AP Photo/Adam Hunger

New York Mets owner Steven Cohen apologized to the Miami Marlins on Wednesday due to issues with the playing surface at Citi Field.

"Our sincere apologies to the Marlins and their fans for having to postpone last night's game," he wrote on social media. "We know how important this series is to the Marlins and every effort was made to get the field playable."

The Mets postponed Tuesday's series opener against the Marlins, citing "weather related field conditions."

According to the Associated Press (via ESPN.com), the grounds crew at Citi Field had left the infield exposed for a portion of last weekend's rainfall from Tropical Storm Ophelia. As a result, the field was still too soggy by the time Tuesday's game rolled around.

New York and Miami scheduled a doubleheader Wednesday.

The matter is inconsequential for the Mets, who have been eliminated from playoff contention. The Marlins, on the other hand, are one game back of the Chicago Cubs for the final wild-card spot in the National League.

The Athletic's Ken Rosenthal reported that Marlins officials "were furious" about the postponement. He explained how moving back Braxton Garrett's start will now leave the southpaw with just three days of rest if he were to make his scheduled start Sunday against the Pittsburgh Pirates.

Marlins manager Skip Schumaker tried to downplay any effect the postponement had on the team's postseason push.

"We have six games left," he said. "There's no more off-days in between, and I think, no matter what we put in front of them, they've always been good with it."

B/R Recommends

Predicting Every MLB Team's 2024 Opening Day Lineup, Version 1.0

Shohei Ohtani Offered Sandwiches for Life by San Francisco Shop amid Giants FA Rumors

Juan Soto Trade Rumors: Yankees, Padres Have Started 'Exchanging Names' in Talks

Juan Soto Trade Rumors: Yankees, Padres 'Far Apart' in Talks, Blue Jays, More Linked

MLB Rumors: Yankees Not 'In the Mix' for Shohei Ohtani but 'In Strong on Yamamoto'

Yankees Rumors: Yoshinobu Yamamoto's Preferred No. 18 Jersey Saved by NY amid Links

Ranking the Top 25 Starting Pitchers of 2023 MLB Season

MLB Rumors: Shohei Ohtani Contract Expected to 'Surge' Past $500M; Could Hit $600M

Mets Rumors: Vladi Miguel Guerrero, Son of Vladimir, to Sign as International FA

Report: MLB Cancels Remainder of GM Meetings After Virus Impacts 'More Than 30' Execs

AboutAdvertiseContact UsGet HelpCareersSitemapCommunity GuidelinesPrivacyCookie PreferencesTerms Of UseAdChoicesB/R Sports on MAXB/R Creators Program
Copyright © 2025 Bleacher Report, Inc. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.
Our use of cookies and other technologies
We use cookies on our website to improve your browsing experience. We, ouraffiliates and our 48 partners store and access personal information on your device such as browsing data to gain insight into how the site is being used. You can control your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the 'Manage Preferences' button.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Create profiles to personalise content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bleacherreport.com/articles/10091271-mets-steve-cohen-apologizes-to-marlins-for-field-conditions-that-forced-doubleheader 
 ----- 
