We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Login
FEATURED NEWS
THE JONAH BARRINGTON COLUMN: MARCH 2024
20 March 2024

Share

One of the sport’s greatest thinkers and a pioneer for the professional game, Jonah Barrington offers his thoughts on all of squash’s biggest talking points in his monthly column – written exclusively for the PSA World Tour website.

In this month’s column, Jonah discusses the the rivalry between Ali Farag and Paul Coll at the top of the men’s game, the rise of Japan’s Satomi Watanabe, and much more.

By Jonah Barrington

I am writing this after two intriguing finals at the Optasia Championships, but this time my special focus is on the men’s match.

Yet again we have had another compelling match between two very different world-class players in Ali Farag and Paul Coll.

I’ve been fascinated by the very recent interview (by Robert Mitchell) with Ali and his enduring rivalry with the Kiwi. The track stretches back into the juniors where Ali was already one of the top contenders and Paul was near to the bottom of the ladder.

The Egyptian’s assessment through the years of Paul’s long pathway tells a remarkable tale of determination and application across a period of time and, in more recent times, the analytical updating of his opponent’s still burgeoning game by the other.

Paul Coll lives up to his ‘Superman’ nickname.

Matters came to a head for Ali in 2021 and 2022, when unexpectedly, the man from down under turned him over in these two years, and on each occasion, the favourite (Ali) to take the British Open title in what were two very remarkable enduring matches.

The first was the clearest reward for the switch of coaching to Robert Owen in England. It was a game built on Paul’s most natural athleticism, some technical adaptations and an undiluted focus and patience to repeatedly provide a tactical masterclass essentially, or so it seemed, in defence.

Ali Farag and this generation of pro players or spectators had never seen so many lobs, primarily cross-court, utilised to negate the fertile creative and intricate skills of the No.1 in the world.

However, great players will almost always seek out ways to counter a developing problem, and Ali, in the Optasia Championships final, until the demands of Paul and Ramadan took their inevitable toll, was in part using his rival’s aerial tactics too.

Ali Farag finally manages to take on some fluids over a hour into his final against Paul Coll.

Rivalries in sports have always fascinated me, and this one is certainly not the exception. Both players have patently real respect for each other, and their technical, mental, and physical match-ups are providing a special anticipation and enjoyment for our sport’s spectators – long may it last.

Turning To The Women’s Final:

Nele Gilis is now the prey for a mass of good players behind her and that can raise the temperature and pressure.

This is a new experience for her, and she has to come to terms with it and embrace that pressure. She is closing down on her ultimate dream, where she dearly wanted to be.

With the right mindset and continuing drive, she will only learn and move forward.

Satomi Watanabe is, to my mind, the real deal and can only move in one direction if she remains healthy and obsessively hungry – there is no other way.

Athletically strong and technically good (other coaches may well disagree), Satomi has a squash-orientated brain and seems readily aware of her opponent’s strengths and potential weaknesses.

Satomi Watanabe celebrates victory at the Optasia Championships.

The women’s game is increasingly blessed and another contender from the far East will be something to savour – as always time will tell.

By the way, Nele, watch the build-up to the “Michael Absalom flick,” and be ready next time!

So, it was a terrific tournament to follow the wonderful Windy City Open and hopefully next year the return yet again of Amanda Sobhy. I do trust her rehab and recovery are going well. Remember, Olympic Gold still beckons!

The Amazing Hesham:

Mazen Hesham is box office, whether winning or losing.

However this maverick professional is in much better shape than for some years and I would hate for him to remain at the death an exciting loser, yet another one of the many over the years who have flattered to deceive and have been at times, harshly condemned as pretty losers.

Mazen is much more than that. He is very technically gifted but has to show discipline and composure when the going gets really tough.

Ramy Ashour, actually my all-time World No.3, since the beginning of time, could always revert when necessary to simple (not that easy) quality line and length and knew instinctively, you could say, when to draw the line!

Mazen must now put his house in order- he is still playing the role of the hunter – although that can change.

Ramy Ashour in action.

And Another Thing:

I read with considerable interest Richard Eaton’s well-scripted article about the Geoff (Hunt) and Jahangir (Khan) early-80s rivalry in the all-new Squash Player mag.

We are made so well aware of the dire depths of discomfort the game has always enforced on those who have endured the extremities of battle.

Unfortunately, the Aussie, almost twice the teenage Pakistani’s age, had sadly reached the point when his body would just not keep pace with his amazing mind and willpower.

Had he been even five years younger, then I believe he would have continued to meet the demands of that immense challenge by perhaps deploying slightly different tactics (he was working on that, believe me!) and pushing Jahangir to even greater heights.

As it was with Geoffrey gone, none of the other players, other than Gamal Awad, in one outstanding marathon (Jahangir Khan beat Gamal Awad, Chichester Festival, 1983, 166 minutes, 9–10, 9–5, 9–7, 9–2.) just not good enough to pose a threat.

It was not until some five years later that Ross Norman, very athletic, highly motivated and in great shape caught Jahangir finally rather less prepared and with his pants down!

I do take issue with Richard in terms of what he has written, about what may seem to him now to have been the dark age at the top end of the game, and unintentionally albeit, seemingly disparaging, indeed disrespectful of so many quality players wielding small-headed rackets.

He was never privy to the mighty Khans and the supreme skills of Abou Taleb, and that wizard Merlin Qamar Zaman, in his prime period, let alone those like Gogi Alauddin, the original web-weaver, and the mighty Hiddy Jahan when on a mission.

Of course, the changes (e.g. scoring system, lower tin, and state of the art high tech rackets) have increased the intensity, but I laugh when I see Paul Coll, at his best, the personification of athleticism and patience, doing exactly what many did during the Neanderthal Period.

Even Ali Farag, a recurrent world champ, employs similar tactics as he now spins his web.

I have always said that the full front wall was put there to be used – not merely to test the endurance of the ball with thoughtless bashing below the cut line!

The Sports Science support and medical knowledge would certainly have been so welcome during that “dark era” but I can assure you that so much of the training (i.e. ghosting and running for starters) is at the core of today’s background work and gyms actually did exist in those (Queen) Victorian days.

Also we did eat and live our lives with common sense prevailing.

I could say more but I won’t. Terrific article notwithstanding that really tells the tale from the inside.

Jonah Barrington

Share

CHALLENGER EVENTS ROUND-UP: UNSEEDED SOBHY WINS IN GEORGIA; SINGH & CHANDARAN SECURE MUMBAI TITLES
23 December 2024
CHALLENGER EVENTS ROUND-UP: WILLSTROP WINS IN HARROGATE; PUJOL SHINES IN ANDORRA
17 December 2024
CHALLENGER EVENTS ROUND-UP: LEE & AU YEONG WIN IN MADEIRA; MALIK & FADAELY SECURE BOSTON TITLES; ALMEZAYEN IS BACK!
09 December 2024
MORE LIKE THIS VIEW ALL
A YEAR IN REVIEW: A LOOK BACK AT 2024 – PART ONE
26 December 2024
FOUR-TIME CHAMPION ELIAS TOPS DRAW AT DR21 MOTOR CITY OPEN 2025
24 December 2024
GALLERY: PSA SQUASH TOUR PHOTOS OF THE YEAR
24 December 2024
WORLD NO.1 NOURAN GOHAR LEADS CINCINNATI GAYNOR CUP DRAW AS SHE AIMS FOR THIRD TITLE
23 December 2024
YEAR IN REVIEW: SHOCKS OF THE YEAR
22 December 2024
YEAR IN REVIEW: PERFORMANCES OF THE YEAR
22 December 2024
PSA SQUASH TOUR: THINGS TO WATCH OUT FOR IN 2025
20 December 2024
2025 MANCHESTER OPEN TICKETS ON SALE NOW
19 December 2024
Official Partners
Sign Up To Our Newsletter

Keep up to date with all the latest goings on by signing up for the PSA Squash Tour Email newsletter

FIRST NAME*
LAST NAME*
EMAIL ADDRESS*
COUNTRY
Your Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
Côte d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong, China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao, China
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria Arab Republic
Tajikistan
Tanzania, the United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Türkiye
US Minor Outlying Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands

Top Floor West
46 The Calls
Leeds, England
LS2 7EY

PSA Links
Home
Tickets
Rankings
Tournaments
Contact
SQUASHTV
Login
Live
Replays
Highlights
Features
Coaching
Other Links
About
SQUASHTV
PSA Foundation
Player/Promoter Login
© PSA 2024 All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Safeguarding Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.psasquashtour.com/featured-news/the-jonah-barrington-column-march-2024/ 
 ----- 
