Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Notre Dame vs. Penn State live updates
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Highlights: Steph Curry scores season-high 36 points vs. Thunder
Tommy Call Iii, Warriors Wire
Mon, Nov 11, 2024·2 min read

To end their five-game road trip with a victory over the 7-1 Oklahoma City Thunder, the Golden State Warriors needed to lean on Steph Curry in tough matchup against one of the top teams in the Western Conference.

In typical Curry fashion, the two-time Most Valuable Player delivered. Curry dropped a season-high 36 points on 13-of-23 shooting from the field with seven made 3-pointers in 37 minutes. Curry added seven assists, five rebounds and a steal in Golden State's impressive 127-116 win over the Thunder on Sunday night.

In the third quarter, Curry caught fire, scoring 17 of his 36 points on 7-of-10 shooting. Later in the fourth quarter, with the Thunder threatening a late comeback, Curry came into the game to bury a pair of clutch 3-pointers to ice the game for the Warriors.

After the Thunder cut the Warriors' lead to six points with four minutes remaining, Curry drilled two 3-pointers to slam the door in Oklahoma City.

Sunday marked Curry's first 30-point performance of the season. In seven games, Curry is averaging 22 points on 47.5% shooting from the field and 43.5% from beyond the arc.

Curry will now prepare to face his former teammate and Splash Brother Klay Thompson in his highly-anticipated return to the Bay Area with the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday night at Chase Center.

This article originally appeared on Warriors Wire: Highlights: Steph Curry scores season-high 36 points vs. Thunder

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Believe it or not: The Cavaliers are one of the most dominant teams we've ever seen

Can Cleveland win it all this year?

6d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA on Christmas Day live results, updates, highlights, analysis: Lakers win wild one to turn back furious Steph Curry rally

The NBA's annual Christmas Day slate is a holiday in itself, and many still view it as the unofficial start of the season.

15d ago
Yahoo Sports
Despite Steve Kerr's objections, NBA says foul call in final seconds of Warriors' loss to Rockets was correct

Kerr said after the game that an "elementary school referee" wouldn't have called the loose ball foul.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame vs. Penn State live updates, score: It's a battle in the College Football Playoff semifinal

Follow along for updates and highlights of the Orange Bowl as these teams fight for a spot in the CFP national title game.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles' Jalen Hurts elevated to full participant in practice ahead of wild-card game vs. Packers

Hurts has been out since suffering a concussion on Dec. 22, but could be trending toward a return on Sunday for the playoffs.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Why are the A's spending big this winter as they relocate to Sacramento?

Brent Rooker's $60 million extension marks the latest expenditure for the typically thrifty A's.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 RB Exit Interview: The year of the running back renaissance

Fantasy football analyst Andy Behrens delivers his final thoughts about the running back position in 2025.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Are the Sacramento Kings better off WITHOUT De’Aaron Fox? | The Big Number

Tom Haberstroh and Dan Devine reveal this week’s Big Number and evaluate if the Sacramento Kings are better off without De’Aaron Fox on the court and, if so, should they trade him before the deadline?

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Should Notre Dame be in a conference?

For decades, Notre Dame was told being an independent was a disadvantage. Now, some are saying the opposite is true.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Does Notre Dame still need to join a conference? | College Football Enquirer

On today's episode of The College Football Enquirer, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde discuss the latest buzz coming from media days at the Orange Bowl. Specifically, they discuss comments made by Penn State head coach James Franklin about Notre Dame football and them needing to join a conference.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/highlights-steph-curry-scores-season-170518916.html 
 ----- 
