BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
European Championship
Groups & Schedule
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
Top Scorers
Jaroslav Silhavy: Czech Republic manager steps down after qualifying for Euro 2024
Published
20 November 2023
Share
Related topics
UEFA Euro 2024
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

As a player, Czech Jaroslav Silhavy made 464 top-flight appearances in his homeland, a league record until 2022

Jaroslav Silhavy has stepped down as Czech Republic manager after securing qualification for Euro 2024.

Silhavy, 62, took charge in September 2018 and led the Czech Republic to the quarter-finals of Euro 2020.

The Czech Republic booked their place at next summer's European Championship by beating Moldova 3-0 on Monday.

"Even though we are happy now, we had already decided before the game not to continue," Silhavy said.

"I informed the president [of the Czech Republic football association] Petr Fousek about it. The pressure was already enormous - sometimes I didn't even understand it. This also contributed to our decision."

Euro 2024: Who has qualified and who can still book their place in Germany?

Silhavy oversaw 26 victories during his 56-game stint in charge, drawing 10 and losing 20, and guided them to second place in Group E during their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign.

The Czech has had domestic managerial spells with a host of clubs including Viktoria Plzen and Slavia Prague.

"It's not just about me, but I have the entire implementation team behind me. I am convinced that we have done the job and we are leaving behind good results," Silhavy said.

Just 24 hours before Monday's crucial Group E game, Silvhavy sent three players, including West Ham's Vladimir Coufal, home after they went to a nightclub on Saturday.

Listen to the latest Football Daily podcast

IMAGE SOURCE,
BBC SPORT

Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - follow your team and sign up for notifications in the BBC Sport app to make sure you never miss a moment

IMAGE SOURCE,
BBC SPORT
Related topics
Czech Republic
UEFA Euro 2024
Football
Top stories

Revitalised Rangers overwhelm leaders Celtic in stunning Old Firm win

LIVE
. 

Dundee 0-0 Dundee Utd: Can either side find derby breakthrough at Dens?

Division titles, wildcards & showdown on NFL final weekend

Published
1 hour ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

Trace the true history of the gladiators with Dan Snow

The story begins with a new emperor with dreams for a gargantuan amphitheatre, the Colosseum

The award-winning reality series is back

A nail-biting game of detection, backstabbing and trust. Who will make it through?

A bitter feud between two Glaswegian crime families

Livvy Haydock investigates the fight of the Daniels and the Lyons, which has been raging for decades

Steven Knight's hit war drama has returned

Watch all episodes of the adrenaline-fuelled new series on BBC iPlayer now

Elsewhere in Sport

Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week?

What shape are Lionesses in for 2025?

Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2025

The 'genius' behind 'one of best images' in tennis

What's the latest on Alexander-Arnold, and others who might move?

What challenges lie ahead for Tuchel?

'Humble & popular but no plan B' - The inside story of Rooney at Plymouth

How Ferguson masterminded Aberdeen's greatest win

Watch the 20 best Scottish Premiership goals of 2024. Video
Watch the 20 best Scottish Premiership goals of 2024

The making of Konstas - Australia's new batting star

'Lyon does the job!' - Australia win as India collapse. Video
'Lyon does the job!' - Australia win as India collapse

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays. Video
Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/67481477 
 ----- 
