This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn More 
Got it!
TAP/CLICK TO EXPAND AD
Main News Page
University Develops Lead Paint Identification Method

TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2024

Last week, a team from Mercer University reported that it has created a faster, less expensive method to identify and quantify lead in new paint.

The research was completed in hopes of providing a more affordable and efficient way for lower- and middle-income countries to protect communities and children from the harmful effects of lead paint.

About the Project

Back in 2019, while working on a project to curb mercury pollution in Guyana in South America, a research team discovered high levels of lead paint.

According to Dr. Adam Kiefer, university professor of chemistry, many surfaces in the town where the team was working were covered in dangerous levels of lead, including playgrounds and school walls.

Kiefer said that one peeling school desk was found to have over 3,000 times the United States standard for lead in paint. Additionally, the lead wasn’t just found in old paint—it was reportedly also found in new cans of paint that were labeled as lead-free.

“We took the initiative to purchase 10 different paints in the town of Bartica, and we found that a number of them, I believe six in total, had lead in the paint,” Kiefer said.


Photos: Adam Kiefer


Last week, a team from Mercer University reported that it has created a faster, less expensive method to identify and quantify lead in new paint.

He added that while typically the solution would be to paint over the lead-containing paint with lead-free paint, not knowing if the new paint was actually lead-free could make the problem worse. Additionally, in low- to middle-income countries like Guyana, the conventional method for identifying lead paint is time-consuming and expensive.

“There was no capacity in many of these countries to analyze and quantify lead in paint, and so no one knew that it was in new paint,” Kiefer said.

To resolve this problem, Kiefer and professor of Chemistry Dr. Caryn Seney began developing a faster, cheaper method for countries like Guyana to identify and quantify lead paint.

According to Mercer’s The Den, the newly developed method utilizes a relatively inexpensive device called a portable X-ray fluorescence analyzer, or pXRF, to offer fast and more economically viable measurements of lead in new paint.

Seney explained that it works by standardizing the pXRF data against a more precise technique, resulting in a relationship to accurately determine concentrations of lead in new paint. This relationship reportedly leads to the rapid and quantitative identification of lead without the expense of other protocols required by more conventional methods.




According to Mercer’s The Den, the newly developed method utilizes a relatively inexpensive device called a portable X-ray fluorescence analyzer, or pXRF, to offer fast and more economically viable measurements of lead in new paint.

“When we first started, officials were really surprised to hear that there was lead in the paint because it was labeled lead-free,” she said.

“We were able to collect enough information off of the new paint to show that there was a significant issue and that we could potentially help them to try to remediate the situation. Imports that are brought in could be tested before they make it into the country.” 

Officials “were very interested in having those conversations,” she sadded. “In fact, they actually have their instrument lab set up now so that they can do some of this analysis work alongside us.” 

As a result, the team also began a collaboration with the University of Belize and Belize Department of the Environment. By training representatives, they will be able to screen for lead paint using Mercer’s method.

“The major finding for us down there was they have these little parks that have the body weight exercise equipment on them, and when we screened those, we found really high levels of lead in the paint,” said undergraduate student Ben Stewart. The researchers also reportedly found lead in spray paint used to make public art, he said. 

The team anticipates that the next steps will be to determine the scope of the problem, as well as continue training University of Belize representatives through the university program Mercer on Mission.

“As we continue in the laboratory, what we are really trying to do at this point is find the scope and limitations for the method that Dr. Seney and I have developed,” Kiefer said. “We want to demonstrate that this less expensive pXRF alternative can be used in lower- and middle-income countries in place of these very expensive, very technical instruments.

“The key thing is that we don’t want to have them remediate the problem. We want to have them not have the problem. And that starts with knowing what is coming in and being able to rapidly screen things in port before they get to the store shelf.” 

LinkedIn
Facebook
X

Tagged categories: Coating Materials - Commercial; Colleges and Universities; Environmental Controls; Good Technical Practice; Health & Safety; Health and safety; Lead; Lead; Lead paint abatement; Overcoating lead; Paint; Research and development; Testing + Evaluation

Comments

Comment from Tom Schwerdt, Active Transportation Advocates, (1/30/2024, 12:13 PM)


Portable XRF for identifying lead paint is not even close to new. There are numerous companies which sell this equipment specifically for identifying lead paint. Here's the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) guidelines from 2012. You can scroll down and see a list of qualified portable XRF units. https://www.hud.gov/program_offices/healthy_homes/lbp/hudguidelines

Comment from William (Willie) Mandeno, WSP NZ, (2/3/2024, 7:48 PM)


I agree with Tom. Also, they are hardly "relatively inexpensive", especially when compared with the alternative use of a 5% w/v solution of sodium sulfide solution that turns freshly exposed lead pigment black (ie forms lead sulfide) when its content is above 5% (and grey above 1%). There are also other relatively inexpensive field test kits available that can reliably detect lead down to 0.5% levels (eg from 3M that use sodium rhodizonate plus acid on a swab that will turn red) f

 Join the Conversation:

Sign in to add your comments.
Main News Page

RESOURCES

Buying Guides and Directories
Downloads
Industry Standards
Instructional Videos

SOCIAL CONNECTIONS

X
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn

USEFUL INFORMATION

About Us
Media Kits and Advertising Submission Guidelines
PaintSquare Staff
Privacy Policy
Registration and Free Subscriptions
Site Map
Social Media
Support
Terms and Conditions

THE TECHNOLOGY PUBLISHING NETWORK

Headquarters
1501 Reedsdale Street, Suite 2008, Pittsburgh, PA 15233
TEL: 1-412-431-8300
EMAIL: info@paintsquare.com
PaintSquare / JPCL
CONTACT: sales@paintsquare.com
Paint BidTracker
CONTACT: sales@paintbidtracker.com
Water BidTracker
CONTACT: sales@waterbidtracker.com
TPC Custom Publishing
CONTACT: sales@technologypub.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.paintsquare.com/news/university-develops-lead-paint-identification-method 
 ----- 
