English
Contact|About|
International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI)
Perspectives
World
Global class struggle
Pandemic
Arts & Culture
History
Capitalism & Inequality
Anti-Imperialism
Videos
Podcast
Marxist Library
); }
FOURTH INTERNATIONALSOCIALIST EQUALITY PARTYIYSSEABOUT THE WSWSCONTACTDONATE
Youngstown, Ohio public schools face closures and potential layoffs
Logan Brazek
2 February 2024
The skyline of Youngstown

The Youngstown City School District (YCSD) announced January 7 that it will consolidate or eliminate five elementary schools and consider teacher layoffs. A state-authorized audit is demanding the district “rearrange” funds for the 2024-25 school year.

Historically, Youngstown was part of the “Steel Valley” with Pittsburgh, once the world’s top steel-producing region. Youngstown Sheet & Tube’s closure in 1977 began a jobs slaughter which cut some 50,000 industrial jobs in the 1980s. This was followed by the 2019 shutdown of General Motors Lordstown assembly plant, which once employed over 10,000. The region has never recovered from the job cuts. 

The Ohio state government, under Republican Governor DeWine, has dramatically expanded school vouchers, further undermining funds for public education.

The Youngstown school board voted on January 2, 2024 to reassign students from Kirkmere, Volney Rogers, William H. Taft, and Paul C. Bunn Elementary School, as well as Chaney Middle School.

“Imagine 2- through 5-year-olds being on the bus an hour or more, because that’s what you’re talking about. Already underpaid teachers may now potentially lose their jobs, while elementary and preschool students now face the reality of having to travel up to an hour on the bus for school,” said Jill Cuscino, a preschool teacher, in an interview with local news station. 

Youngstown Education Association (YEA) president Eric Teutsch has already made clear that the union will not oppose the reorganization. Teutsch told The Vindicator, “My main concern is how they intend to implement what they are trying to do, what that means for staffing and how they’re going to go about the move. Are there going to be any job cuts? I haven’t gotten any answers on any of that yet.”

The audit, conducted as a part of Ohio’s Academic Distress Commission (ADC), predicted a $17 million deficit by 2027. In 2015, Youngstown, along with two other public school districts in northeastern Ohio, Lorain and East Cleveland, were then placed under state supervision ostensibly for “poor academic performance” and failing student test scores. 

The ADC was created under Ohio’s House Bill 70, which increases state authority within designated areas. It can appoint a CEO who maintains full operational control within the district, including abolishing the teachers’ contracts, awarding large pay increases to the CEO and their “administration team,” and granting no-bid contracts without being required to answer to the school board or public.

Although the decision-making process was taken away from the appointed CEO and re-allocated to the Youngstown City School Board in 2022, the district is under the thumb of the state for “academic distress.”

This well-known playbook, utilized nationally, aims to provide state authorities political cover for massive cuts to impoverished schools.  

Youngstown schoolteachers are amongst the lowest paid in Ohio and the United States. As of 2022, entry pay was $35,360 a year; it requires eight years of seniority for an educator to make $50,000. Those with a master’s degree received an additional measly $2,829 annually. 

Youngstown households earn less than half the national average, with poverty rates over 35 percent, according to the US Census. The devastating rate of poverty naturally corresponds with low scores on standardized tests. Canton, Ohio Board of Education member Eric Resnick called it a “perfect correspondence” between poverty and low state report card scores.

“If you look at the top five percent and the bottom five percent in the state as a whole, the bottom five percent are the high-poverty school districts and the top five percent are the very affluent school districts,” Resnick explained to Ideastream.

It is no secret that students attending school in wealthy districts with lower class sizes, more enrichments, and less stressed-out staff receive a higher quality of education while students in poverty-stricken school districts are neglected. The state of Ohio, in line with the national trend, has prioritized its handouts to big business while underfunding social programs. 

The biannual education budget passed by Governor Mike DeWine in 2023 increased school funding to $24.5 billion for public schools, which failed to keep up with inflation much less the years of budget cuts. Moreover, it including a massive $1.5 billion for vouchers to incentivize Ohio families to send their children to privately owned schools.  

In an egregious handout to the wealthy, DeWine advocated providing state funding for vouchers to those making an average household income of $135,000 a year for a family of four. The measure, which results in lowering the enrollment in public schools, all but ensures school closures and mass layoffs across the state. 

Unlike public schools, private schools are not subjected to a yearly financial audit, which results in far less control over how they are spending the voucher money provided by taxpayer dollars. Ohio has become notorious for its charter school scandals and open theft of public resources by politically connected education businesses. Other notorious cases have involved undocumented purchases and the overpayment of board members.

For its part, the Biden administration and the Democrats in both the Congress and the Senate have removed the little additional funding that schools received during the pandemic declaring that it is over, despite thousands of new daily infections. This funding is now being utilized in the $100 billion budget to further the war in Ukraine, while another $100 billion is being requested for the Israeli genocide in Gaza.

Last August, the teacher’s union in Youngstown, the Youngstown Education Association (YEA), went on a contentious, month-long strike demanding higher pay rates and changes in the contract language that would give teachers more say in the student’s curriculum. The strike was betrayed by the union, who termed the below-inflation 3 percent pay raise a “substantial win.” 

Justifying the rotten deal, YEA spokesperson Jim Courim told The Vindicator, “There’s a pie, and we get a slice of the pie,” he said. “Would we like a bigger slice? Everybody would, but there are other priorities to meet the needs of the students, and we understand that. That’s what we just fought for for a month. We got three percent because that’s what kept everyone teaching. If we got eight percent, people would have lost their jobs.”

Youngstown teachers must draw the lessons of their experiences and organize independently of the union to defend the right to decent wages and living conditions and universal high-quality public education. Take your place within the growing struggle of educators in the International Workers Alliance of Rank-and-File Committee and sign up below.

I want to discuss joining or building an educators rank-and-file committee:
Email
First Name
Last Name
Mobile Phone
Workplace
If you are an educator, please tell us your school.
ZIP or postal code
Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cape Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Isle of Man
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
Unknown
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Comments
 I want to receive SMS updates (optional). Currently supported for US phone numbers only.
 I want to be contacted by the SEP or the WSWS, and receive email updates from the WSWS Educators Newsletter. I acknowledge that the WSWS uses my personal information in accordance with its privacy policy.
SUBMIT
READ MORE
Youngstown, Ohio teachers strike over contract demands
23 August 2023
Money for war but no money for UK’s crumbling schools
29 January 2024
South Australian education union pushes a sell-out agreement on wages and conditions in schools
12 December 2023
COMMENT
CONTACT US
Find out more about these topics:
EducationGlobal class struggleUnited StatesNorth America
EDUCATION
Global class struggleAutoworkersThe struggle of health care workersAmazon workersTransport workersSteelworkersMining workersAgricultural workersGarment workersLabor historyLabor shorts
Sri Lankan teachers and workers must defend School Development Officers

The police frameup of SDOs is a warning to all Sri Lankan workers of how the Dissanayake government will treat them if they dare to fight for their legitimate social demands.

Collective of Workers Action Committees (Sri Lanka)•26 December 2024
Australian government cuts international student numbers by decree

Having failed to get its proposed student enrolment caps through parliament last month, the Albanese government has issued a new immigration Ministerial Direction, despite warnings that it could be illegal.

Mike Head•26 December 2024
Berlin state government adopts austerity budget

Against massive protests, the Berlin state executive last week passed the supplementary budget for 2025 thereby approving cuts of three billion euros. This will result in massive social cuts and affect almost all areas.

Tamino Dreisam•26 December 2024
Australian teacher shortages worsen in public schools

Graduates are shunning teaching degrees, while registered teachers are leaving the profession in unprecedented numbers.

Erika Zimmer •22 December 2024
Sri Lanka: Workers action committee discusses defence of school development officers
Our correspondents•20 December 2024
Democrats join Republicans in passing fascistic “Crucial Communism Teaching Act”
Jacob Crosse•18 December 2024
Detroit teachers face missing bonuses, inflation, and cuts: Join the fight to defend public education 
Statement of the Michigan Educators Rank-and-File Committee•18 December 2024
Dozens of Dallas, Texas area schools slated for closure
Chase Lawrence•18 December 2024
Students and faculty protest layoffs at California State University system
Norisa Diaz, David Benson•13 December 2024
© 1998-2024 World Socialist Web Site. All rights reserved.
HomeAboutContactPrivacy StatementPrivacy Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2024/02/03/qzkc-f03.html 
 ----- 
