Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Phillies enter postseason among sports betting favorites
Share
Phillies enter postseason among sports betting favorites
September 30th, 2024

Shane Jackson, BetMGM

Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

This article was contributed by BetMGM. For more sports betting insights, check out BetMGM.com.

The 2024 MLB playoffs will begin on Tuesday, but the Philadelphia Phillies won’t have to take the diamond until this weekend for the National League Division Series.

That’s the benefit of claiming the No. 2 seed in the NL. After a bye in the Wild Card Series, Philadelphia will host Game 1 of the NLDS on Saturday.

According to the BetMGM online sportsbook, the Phillies enter the postseason as one of the top championship contenders.

They are +450 to win the World Series, tied with the New York Yankees for the second-shortest odds to win it all. At +450, Philadelphia has an implied probability of 18.18% to win its first World Series since 2008.

The Phillies are +200 to win the National League, giving them an implied probability of 33.33% to reach the World Series entering October. They trail only the Los Angeles Dodgers, who are +165 favorites to win the NL and +325 to win the World Series.

FanGraphs’ projections favor Philadelphia over Los Angeles in both markets. The Phillies are 30.1% to win the NLCS and 17.2% to win the World Series. The Dodgers are 28% and 16.5%, respectively.

BetMGM also offers a World Series MVP market, where Los Angeles’ Shohei Ohtani opens as a +850 favorite. Philadelphia’s Bryce Harper is tied for the second-best odds to win this award at +1250, translating to an implied probability of 7.41%.

Trea Turner and Kyle Schwarber are both +2200 (4.35%) to win World Series MVP.

While the Phillies appear to be a top contender, the betting odds haven’t always believed in them. In the preseason, they were +1500 to win the World Series, trailing five different teams. They started trading at 6/1 or shorter in June.

Philadelphia was +800 to win the NL in the spring following consecutive trips to at least the NLCS.

In addition, the Phillies won the NL East for the first time since 2011. In the spring, they were +325 underdogs to win the division.

Philadelphia also exceeded its preseason win total of 89.5, marking the fourth straight season that the team has cleared its preseason over/under.

Visit the BetMGM sportsbook throughout the season for updated MLB futures, including World Series odds. You can also view updated sportsbook promos, including a First Bet Offer for eligible new customers.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

9:29 PM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

7:25 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/phillies-among-favorites-to-win-it-all-in-2024 
 ----- 
