Skip to main content
Sections
Search
EPaper
Podcasts
Newsletters
More
WATCH: GLOBE TODAY
EPAPER
SPORTS
Red Sox
Patriots
Bruins
Celtics
Revolution
High Schools
Colleges
TV & Radio
METRO
Weather
Politics
Transportation
Education
Camberville
Around Mass.
Investigations
Obituaries
Death Notices
GAMES & PUZZLES
Crossword
Mini Crossword
Sudokus
Word Flower
WordroW
Jigsaw
BUSINESS
Tech Power Players
Technology
Economy
Housing
Real Estate
Jobs
Biotech
Future Of Work
The Fine Print
Bold Types
POLITICS
2024 Election
MONEY, POWER, INEQUALITY
CLIMATE
SPOTLIGHT
OPINION
Ideas
Columns And Op-Eds
Editorials
Letters
Cartoons
Say More Podcast
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Business
Politics
Education
Crime
Health
Commentary
RHODE ISLAND
Things To Do
Rhode Island Podcast
RI Food & Dining
Politics
Business
Arts
Crime
WORLD
COVID
GLOBE MAGAZINE
Miss Conduct
Dinner With Cupid
Perspective
Women & Power 2023
LIFESTYLE
A Beautiful Resistance
Food & Dining
Comics
Crossword
Games
Travel
Names
Love Letters
Real Estate
ARTS
Books
Movies
Music
Television
Visual Arts
Theater/Dance
CARS
REAL ESTATE
EVENTS
EPAPERMETROWEATHERPOLITICSSPORTSBUSINESSWATCH: GLOBE TODAYPUZZLESRHODE ISLANDGLOBE MAGAZINEOPINIONHEALTHARTSLIFESTYLEEDUCATIONCAMBERVILLEMONEY, POWER, INEQUALITYSPOTLIGHTTECHNOLOGYCLIMATECARSREAL ESTATEEVENTS
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Starting at $1
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
In his eighth professional baseball stop, Zack Weiss is making the most of his opportunities with the Red Sox
By Peter Abraham Globe Staff,Updated September 20, 2023, 7:41 p.m.
17
Zack Weiss has been a nice addition to the Red Sox' beleaguered bullpen.JULIO CORTEZ/ASSOCIATED PRESS

ARLINGTON, Texas — The Red Sox have asked a lot from their bullpen thanks to a rotation that has thrown the second-fewest innings in the American League this season.

Righthander Zack Weiss has provided some needed assistance since being called up on Sept. 9.

Weiss allowed two runs in his first game and has since given up one unearned run on one hit over 6⅔ innings in five appearances. He pitched a scoreless seventh inning in Wednesday’s 15-5 loss against the Rangers, striking out two.

“Trying to stay aggressive and attack and pitch to my strengths,” said Weiss, who was claimed off waivers from the Angels on Aug. 25.

Weiss, 31, has played for six organizations and two independent teams over 11 seasons in pro ball after being drafted out of UCLA in 2013. Wednesday was his 25th appearance in a major league game.

Advertisement

The Red Sox needing arms has created an opportunity for him.

Get Starting Point
A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Enter Email
Sign Up

“Getting consistent work has been very helpful,” Weiss said. “I haven’t had a ton of opportunities at this level so every game I get I put a lot of value into it. I really appreciate it.”

Weiss never expected he’d face the Yankees twice as a member of the Red Sox at Fenway Park.

“Pretty special,” he said. “That’s something you watch on Sunday Night Baseball. It’s been very cool to play for a historic franchise like the Red Sox. When you’re pitching, you’re competing. But I’m also able to appreciate being in that situation.”

RELATED: With Red Sox in Texas, reliever Chris Martin reflects on journey that has brought him full circle
Kelly’s comeback continues

Manager Alex Cora said “there’s a good chance” righthanded reliever Zack Kelly would rejoin the team on Friday. Kelly has been on the injured list since April 13 with an elbow injury that required surgery to repair a displaced nerve.

Kelly has a 3.86 ERA in nine appearances for the Sox since being signed as a minor league free agent in 2020.

It doesn’t appear Kenley Jansen will be with the team this weekend.

The closer, who went on the COVID-19 injured list last week, still hasn’t been cleared by team medical director Dr. Larry Ronan. He also hasn’t pitched since Sept. 12 and will likely need to throw in the bullpen first.

Advertisement

“We have to be smart about that, too,” Cora said.

Rookie outfielder Wilyer Abreu, who jammed his left hand trying to make a catch in Toronto on Sunday, missed two games before getting into Wednesday’s game as a pinch runner in the seventh inning.

Second baseman Luis Urias left Wednesday’s game in the eighth inning with a tight left calf. He is day to day.

Urias was the only trade deadline acquisition made by now-former chief baseball officer Chaim Bloom. He has hit .225 in 32 games and played poorly on defense.

RELATED: A sinking feeling that the Red Sox could finish in the basement again
White Sox next

Two teams out of contention start a three-game series at Fenway Park on Friday night when the White Sox come to town.

But do not expect spring training-type lineups from the Red Sox. Cora said he’ll play the regulars.

“There’s 35,000 people there. They go to Fenway and they’re going to enjoy it,” the manager said. “I’ve been watching the highlights. A lot of teams in the hunt and a lot of empty stadiums. That’s not going to happen at Fenway, I hope, this weekend.

“Those fans deserve the best of us. They’ve been there the whole season and they’ll be there.”

Chris Sale is scheduled to face his former team Friday night. Touki Toussaint will start for Chicago.

See you next season

The Sox are 4-6 at Globe Life Park. They are scheduled to play two exhibition games at the ballpark next March 25-26 before opening the regular season at Seattle on March 28 . . . The Sox fell to 37-40 on the road with four games at Baltimore remaining . . . John Schreiber did some shopping while he was in town. The reliever arrived at the clubhouse wearing cowboy boots, a Wrangler shirt, jeans, a belt with a big silver buckle, and a cowboy hat. He looked ready for a role in “Yellowstone.”

Advertisement

Peter Abraham can be reached at peter.abraham@globe.com. Follow him @PeteAbe.

Show 17 comments
BOSTON GLOBE TODAY
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
SHARE

7:54

What does moving on mean for New England? Senior NFL writer Ben Volin and beat reporter Christopher Price weigh in on how the franchise can rebuild.
NOW PLAYING
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
The Patriots players that should return to Foxborough
NFL Draft: What will the Patriots do with no. 4 pick?
SEE MORE VIDEOS


MOST POPULAR ON BOSTONGLOBE.COM
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
Boston inches closer to rebuilding Long Island Bridge
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox


VIEWS FROM OUR COLUMNISTS
CHAD FINN
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
CHRISTOPHER L. GASPER
Stop crediting the Krafts for making the hard decision to fire Jerod Mayo. It was the easy way out.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
GARY WASHBURN
Next step in Jaylen Brown’s journey comes in his signature sneakers
MORE ON GLOBE.COM
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
If the former Patriots linebacker is unable to come to an agreement, then New England’s search would require much more time given the league’s rules surrounding staffs of playoff teams.
OPINION
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
The most devastating wildfires in LA history are forcing almost every resident to flee or hunker down in fear while outsiders unfairly spread blame.
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
This offseason, the Patriots face many of the problems that they did a year ago, yet now they arguably have the best opening for coaches in the NFL. And most of it has to do with Drake Maye,
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
What better time than the dead of winter to rank the current ballparks and provide a few tips for those considering going on a trip in 2025?
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
It’s still far too early to judge this important offseason, but it’s going to get late fast and Boston clearly needs a righthanded hitter with power.
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The workers were flagged multiple times beforehand for discrepancies in their government records — a potential sign of issues with their immigration status.
Boston inches closer to rebuilding Long Island Bridge
For years, Boston officials have sought to place a large addiction-recovery campus on Long Island.
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
The bureaucratic tiff comes as immigration enforcement remains at the fore of pubic debate, and as President-elect Donald Trump has vowed mass deportations.
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
Story, who played five seasons with Arenado in Colorado, thinks the third baseman has more to give than his numbers the last two years infer.
MOST READ IN THIS SECTION
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
CELTICS
Though they are still favorites to repeat as NBA champions, the Celtics are struggling. Here’s why
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
HIGH SCHOOLS
Introducing the Fall 2024 All-Scholastics: See the athletes and coaches of the year
FOLLOW US
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Digital Access

Home Delivery

Gift Subscriptions

MY ACCOUNT

Log In

Manage My Account

Customer Service

Delivery Issues

Feedback

CONTACT

Help & FAQs

Staff List

Advertise

MORE

Newsletters

View The EPaper

Order Back Issues

News In Education

Search The Archives

Privacy Policy

Terms Of Service

Terms Of Purchase

Contact

Work At Boston Globe Media

Internship Program

Co-Op Program

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
$1 FOR 6 MONTHS
You've Been Selected For Our Best Offer
Get the news you need, anytime and anywhere.

Newsletters

App

Games

Weather

Get Access for $1

Pay with PayPal or Credit Card
Cancel anytime.

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

ACCEPT ALL
Reject
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonglobe.com/2023/09/20/sports/his-eighth-professional-baseball-stop-zack-weiss-is-making-most-his-opportunities-with-red-sox/ 
 ----- 
