Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
BOSTON
News
Weather
Sports
Video
WBZ Features
27°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Boston Red Sox officially eliminated from postseason contention

By WBZ-News Staff

September 20, 2023 / 10:03 PM EDT / CBS Boston

BOSTON -- The Red Sox have been officially eliminated from postseason contention.

That has seemingly been a foregone conclusion for a little over a month, but it was made official after Boston got trounced by the Rangers in Texas, 15-5, Wednesday afternoon, followed by a Blue Jays win over the New York Yankees later in the evening.

The Red Sox are now postseason spectators for the second straight season and the fourth time in the last five years.

It's somewhat fitting that Boston was eliminated the same day the team allowed a season-high 15 runs. It was the third time this season that Boston has lost a game by 10 or more runs.

The Red Sox have now dropped 12 of their last 15 games and sit in last place in the AL East.

While the Red Sox were seen as a borderline Wild Card contender ahead of the season, they were in the mix for a playoff spot leading up to MLB's trade deadline. They won eight of nine ahead of the All-Star break to finish the unofficial first half at 48-43, and were 57-50 on Aug. 1.

The holes in the starting rotation (which was decimated by injuries and ineffectiveness) and cracks in the Boston defense were clear for all to see at that point, but Chaim Bloom decided not to invest in the team at the trade deadline. The Sox brass could have made a move to help keep the team afloat in the Wild Card race, but opted to hold steady and just let the season play out.

It was discouraging for the clubhouse and a tailspin followed, with the Red Sox going 18-28 since Aug. 1. The team now sits at 75-78 on the season with nine meaningless games to play. Bloom was fired as the team's chief baseball officer last week, and a new leader of the front office will try to turn the franchise around next season 

No one expected the Red Sox to win a World Series in 2023. Many fans would have settled for a competitive team that stayed relevant into September, a team that showed something toward the end of the season rather than falling to pieces for the second straight year.

Instead, the Red Sox are fighting a losing battle with the Yankees to stay out of the AL East basement.

More from CBS News
Jarren Duran, Red Sox may be heading toward salary arbitration
Sacramento Kings rally to beat Boston Celtics 114-97
Patriots complete head-coaching interview with Ben Johnson
Brayden Point reaches 600 career points, Lightning beat Bruins 4-1
WBZ-News Staff

The WBZ News team is a group of experienced journalists who bring you the content on WBZ.com.

 Twitter
 Facebook
 Instagram

© 2023 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
WBZ-TV
News
Sports
Weather
Contests
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for WBZ-TV
Public File for WSBK-TV / myTV38
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/boston/news/red-sox-eliminated-playoffs-postseason-contention-al-east-last-place-mlb/ 
 ----- 
