EASYODDS
Belarus vs Luxembourg Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 15th October 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 2:31am on Tue 15th October 2024  (last updated 5:31pm 17/10/2024)

Belarus go up against Luxembourg this coming Tuesday in a game played out at ZTE Arena. Tension is heating up as we have reached the fourth round of the Nations League C group stage. The last three times Belarus faced Luxembourg in the Nations League C, they were absolutely flawless, winning 1-0, 2-0 and 1-0 respectively. Belarus go into the game this coming Tuesday at the best betting odds of 37/20 for a fourth win on the bounce.

Belarus sit at number 97 in the FIFA world ranking, while Luxembourg enter their match on Tuesday as number 87.

After the third round of the group stage Belarus are number one on five, while Luxembourg have one as number four.

Belarus are not a high scoring team these days, as they only found the back of the net six times in the last ten outings. That is an average of just 0.6 goals per game, as they conceded ten goals. They managed four clean sheets in these matches.

Still without a win in their Nations League C group, Luxembourg need a small (or maybe large!) miracle to get through to the next stage, and the first of them needs to come here at ZTE Arena.

Luxembourg are currently not the most scoring team in the Nations League C, as they only found the back of the net nine times in ten matches. This is an average of just 0.9 goals a game in which they conceded ten times, an average of one per game. They managed five clean sheets in these.

Belarus vs Luxembourg Prediction
Belarus Form

Belarus are unbeaten in their last three games after drawing 0-0 with Bulgaria, beating Luxembourg 0-1 and drawing 0-0 with Northern Ireland. Belarus claimed just a single measly win from a possible six, which also saw them drawing three and losing two matches, in which they scored one and conceded eight goals.

Luxembourg Form

A single draw prevents Luxembourg from having nothing to show for their previous three games. They came up short, losing by 2-0 and 0-1 against Northern Ireland and Belarus, respectively. Their latest match brought some consolation, as they were able to hang on for a 0-0 draw against Bulgaria. Luxembourg claimed just one win from the last six internationals. These also drew one and lost four games, as they were outscored by ten goals to two.

Not many goals occur in Belarus's matches, and balancing on such a tightrope makes the draw look a tempting prospect, when Luxembourg come calling.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Belarus vs Luxembourg Stats
In 13 of the last 15 Belarus matches in the Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 10 of the last 12 Belarus matches in the Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 2.5
In the last 3 Belarus matches the sum of goals was under 1.5
In the last 3 Belarus matches in the Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 1.5
In 7 of the last 9 Belarus matches the sum of goals was under 2.5
In 13 of the last 15 Luxembourg matches in the Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 10 of the last 11 Luxembourg matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
Luxembourg have lost 4 of the last 5 matches while scoring less than 0.5 goals
In 8 of the last 10 Luxembourg matches in the Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 2.5
Luxembourg have lost 4 of the last 5 matches while scoring less than 1.5 goals
Belarus vs Luxembourg Team News
Belarus vs Luxembourg H2H

Belarus not only managed to beat Luxembourg in their last three meetings in the Nations League C. They also kept a clean sheet on the way, winning 1-0, 2-0 and 1-0. Belarus go into the game this coming Tuesday at the best betting odds of 37/20 for a fourth win on the trot. Belarus have been slightly more successful than Luxembourg in recent meetings. With a 5-3-2 advantage going into this match, betting on Belarus has often proved the profitable way to go. The bookies best betting odds on a home win are at 37/20.

Belarus vs Luxembourg Results

Don't go expecting a feast of goals at ZTE Arena this coming Tuesday. In the previous ten matches between Belarus and Luxembourg over 2.5 goals only happened once.

Belarus vs Luxembourg Betting Tips

Despite scoring just once in six Nations League C games, Belarus still expects Valeri Gromyko to add to his collection of goals sooner rather than later. Meanwhile, Luxembourg put their faith in Danel Sinani to handle the home side defence and double up on his recent strike rate of one goal in six Nations League C games.

Belarus claimed two wins, drew three and lost five of their previous 10 home matches across all tournaments. Luxembourg won two, drew three and lost five of their last 10 games away. There is clearly value in the both teams not to score market with the bookmakers. Both sides scored in only one of the last 10 home league matches for Belarus. In four of the previous 10 league games away for Luxembourg, both teams found the back of the net.

Under 2.5 goals came out ten times in the previous ten encounters between Belarus and Luxembourg as both teams not to score was a winning bet eight times. Belarus managed an average of one goal, with Luxembourg averaging 0.4 goals in these. Over 2.5 goals came out three times in the previous ten matches across all tournaments for Belarus, who scored an average of 0.6 goals along the way. Over 2.5 goals happened in four of the last ten outings for Luxembourg, who managed to score 0.7 times in those matches.

Tips
Draw
Belarus neither score nor concede a lot, which has us looking for the draw against Luxembourg. This is an outcome the former are only too familiar with, and their visitors are not an easy target.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/belarus-vs-luxembourg-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-15th-october-2024 
 ----- 
