Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Protect the free press
Fund the Guardian with $5 per month
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Isaac Price completes his hat-trick against Bulgaria. Photograph: Charles McQuillan/Getty Images
Nations League
 This article is more than 2 months old
Nations League: Northern Ireland batter Bulgaria, Spain sweep aside Serbia
This article is more than 2 months old
Isaac Price scores hat-trick in 5-0 win over Bulgaria
Poland rescue dramatic 3-3 draw against Croatia
Agencies
Tue 15 Oct 2024 17.47 EDT
Share
30

Isaac Price’s hat-trick powered Northern Ireland to a stunning 5-0 win against Bulgaria that sent them top of their Nations League group.

After battering Belarus without reward in the opening 45 minutes of the goalless draw on Saturday, Northern Ireland took their frustrations out on Bulgaria as Price became the first Northern Ireland player to hit a treble since David Healy in a 4-1 win against Liechtenstein in March 2007.

Ronaldo-mania hits Hampden but Portugal held by battling Scotland
Read more

After the Standard Liège forward got the opening two, Brodie Spencer’s shot hit a post and rebounded in off the Bulgaria goalkeeper Dimitar Mitov to make it 3-0 at the break. Price completed his hat-trick with the best goal of the night, a rising shot from the edge of the box, before Josh Magennis came off the bench to hit a late fifth.

The last time Northern Ireland won 5-0 at home, George Best scored a hat-trick against Cyprus in April 1971. With Belarus and Luxembourg drawing 1-1 in Hungary, Northern Ireland sit top of Group C3 by one point before facing those two teams in their final games next month.

The European champions, Spain, claimed a place in the Nations League quarter-finals with a 3-0 home win against Serbia thanks to goals by Aymeric Laporte, Álvaro Morata and Álex Baena.

With two games left, Spain have secured at least a second-place finish as they top Group A1 with 10 points, three clear of second and six clear of Serbia, with Switzerland bottom on one point after a 2-2 home draw with second-placed Denmark.

Spain were missing several players from the team that defeated England 2-1 in the Euro 2024 final in July but still outclassed Serbia with 30 shots against three from the visitors. The Al Nassr defender Laporte gave the Spaniards the lead with a close-range header in the fifth minute and Morata, who missed a penalty in the 54th minute, extended Spain’s lead with a strike from just inside the box after 65 minutes.

Serbia’s Strahinja Pavlovic was shown a straight red card for a last-man foul on Mikel Oyarzabal on the edge of the area in the 78th minute and Baena curled the free-kick into the top corner to wrap up an easy victory.

View image in fullscreen
Álex Baena completes the scoring for Spain with a fine free-kick. Photograph: Cristina Quicler/AFP/Getty Images

Denmark’s Christian Eriksen created one goal and scored another to grab a draw against Switzerland.

Switzerland went ahead when Remo Freuler reacted quickest in the box to lash a loose ball past goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel in the 26th minute but the lead lasted just over a minute as Eriksen chipped a quick free kick into the path of Gustav Isaksen, who scored with a first-time left-foot shot.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

The brace of quickfire goals was greeted by a heavy fog rolling in across the pitch, but it did not prevent referee Umut Meler from seeing Switzerland’s Breel Embolo getting hacked down by Patrick Dorgu just before the break and Zeki Amdouni made no mistake from the penalty spot to make it 2-1 for the hosts. Eriksen came to the rescue with a cool, cushioned shot from Pierre-Emile Højbjerg’s lay-off in the 69th minute.

Poland fought back from two goals down to snatch a dramatic 3-3 draw with their visitors Croatia. Croatia, who fell behind early, had taken a stranglehold on the game with three goals in seven first-half minutes but were pegged back and then had the goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic sent off late-on.

The draw left Croatia second in Group A1 on seven points, three ahead of third-placed Poland. Portugal top the group with 10 points with Scotland bottom on one point.

Poland were aggressive from the start with the captain, Piotr Zielinski, scoring the opening goal in the fifth minute from a tight angle. The hosts, however, endured a dramatic collapse as Croatia scored three quick goals, as Borna Sosa’s volley in the 19th minute levelled the match before efforts from Petar Sucic and Martin Baturina put them in command.

Nicola Zalewski scored for Poland just before the break, and Sebastian Szymanski equalised in the 68th minute with a low shot into the left corner. The drama was not finished, however, as Croatia’s Livakovic was sent off for fouling Robert Lewandowski in the 76th minute, yet the hosts failed to capitalise.

Explore more on these topics
Nations League
Northern Ireland
Bulgaria
Spain
Serbia
Croatia
Poland
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/oct/15/nations-league-northern-ireland-batter-bulgaria-spain-sweep-aside-serbia 
 ----- 
