Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Giannis Antetokounmpo
Giannis Antetokounmpo Stats Tonight: How did 2x MVP fare tonight vs Cavaliers? (Nov. 2)
Giannis Antetokounmpo Stats Tonight: How did 2x MVP fare tonight vs Cavaliers? (Nov. 2)
By
Juan Paolo David
Modified Nov 03, 2024 04:34 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
NBA: Milwaukee Bucks at Memphis Grizzlies - Source: Imagn

Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks are off to an awful start to the season, at 1-4. The Bucks have lost four straight games after beating the Philadelphia 76ers in their season opener. So, how did the two-time MVP fare tonight against the Cleveland Cavaliers?

Antetokounmpo had another great game on Saturday night for the Bucks, finishing with a near triple-double of 34 points, 16 rebounds and nine assists. However, it wasn't enough as the Cavaliers improved to 7-0 after a heart-pounding 114-113 win at the Fiserv Forum.

Damian Lillard also came up huge for the Bucks with 41 points and making 10 3-point shots. Donovan Mitchell hit the game-winning jump shot with 0.3 seconds remaining. Milwaukee had a chance to steal the victory, but Lillard missed a 3 at the buzzer.

Trending

Here are Giannis Antetokounmpo's stats in the first half:

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Players	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	PF	MIN	FG	3PT	FT	+/-
Giannis Antetokounmpo	17	7	5	1	0	0	2	17:43	8-12	0-0	1-3	+10
How did Giannis Antetokounmpo fare tonight vs. the Cavaliers?

Giannis Antetokounmpo has been magnificent for the Bucks to start the season, but they aren't playing like a cohesive unit. Damian Lillard led Milwaukee in the first quarter with his 3-point explosion and seemed to have better chemistry with Giannis tonight.

"The Greek Freak" played well in the first quarter as the Bucks jumped to an early lead against the best team in the NBA based on record. The Cleveland Cavaliers turned things around in the second quarter before Antetokounmpo helped spark a late run to end the period to earn a 62-61 halftime lead.

Antetokounmpo and Lillard kept the Bucks afloat in the second half, and they even had a shot at snapping their four-game losing streak. The two-time MVP hit a clutch bucket with a minute left to trim Cleveland's lead to 112-111. They got the stop on the next possession before Lillard hit a jump shot with 9.8 seconds left to give the Bucks the advantage.

However, Donovan Mitchell had an answer, as he hit the game-winning shot with 0.3 seconds remaining. Antetokounmpo didn't get the ball on the final play, with Lillard missing a 3-point shot at the buzzer.

What's next for Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Bucks?

The Milwaukee Bucks have to regroup as they head to Cleveland for another matchup against the Cavaliers on Monday night. The Bucks are 1-5 after tonight's stinging loss following Donovan Mitchell's dagger.

Nevertheless, Giannis Antetokounmpo and Damian Lillard aren't at fault for Milwaukee's loss. They played magnificently as a duo, with 34 and 41 points, respectively. It's up to their teammates to contribute more if they want to give Cleveland their first loss of the season and snap a five-game losing streak.

The schedule doesn't get easier for the Bucks with the Utah Jazz, New York Knicks and the Boston Celtics later this week.

Cleveland Cavaliers Nation! You can check out the latest Cleveland Cavaliers Schedule and dive into the Cavaliers Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Cleveland Cavaliers Milwaukee Bucks Giannis Antetokounmpo NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Stats
Edited by Juan Paolo David
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-giannis-antetokounmpo-stats-tonight-how-2x-mvp-fare-tonight-vs-cavaliers-nov-2 
 ----- 
