NEWSLETTERS
Memphis Grizzlies News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) reacts during the first half against the Milwaukee Bucks at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
Ja Morant Makes NBA History in Memphis Grizzlies vs Milwaukee Bucks
Originally posted on Memphis Grizzlies on SI
By Farbod Esnaashari  |  Last updated Oct 31, 2024 11:03 PM ET

The Memphis Grizzlies desperately needed a win against the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night, and not only did Ja Morant lead his team to one, he made history in the process.

Against the Bucks, Morant put up 26 points, 14 assists, 10 rebounds, and 1 steal on 56/40/86 shooting from the field. He did it all in under 29 minutes because the Grizzlies were leading by as many as 31 points throughout the game. Morant's performance was so dominant, that it was actually historic.

On Thursday night, Ja Morant recorded the 8th fastest triple-double in NBA history. He recorded the triple-double in 21 points and 28 seconds. The stat was revealed via @statmamba.

After losing two straight games and suffering a plethora of injuries, it was clear that the Memphis Grizzlies needed an uplifting performance. After losing against the Nets last night, it looked like Morant was starting to have a chip on his shoulder. With that chip, he gave one of his best performances ever.

"That’s definitely one I think should be on sportscenter highlights tonight," Grizzlies head coach Taylor Jenkins said about Morant's pass.

After defeating the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night, the Memphis Grizzlies find themselves back at .500, with an overall record of 3-3. Milwaukee on the other hand, is now on a four-game losing streak with a record of 1-4.

This article first appeared on Memphis Grizzlies on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
76ers reveal bad injury news for rookie guard Jared McCain
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Jason Kidd Responds After Klay Thompson's Worst Game Of The…

It was a bittersweet night for the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday. On one hand, they beat the Portland Trail Blazers in a 117-111 rout to move up to 22-16 on the season. On the other hand, the poor play of Klay Thompson became a topic of conversation after the game, when Jason Kidd had to make a statement after he logged just 21 minutes. Reporter: "21 minutes tonight for Klay, quiet night. Was it just one of those nights for him? Is everything okay there?" Jason Kidd: "Yeah he’s fine, just understanding we’re a team. His teammates picked him up tonight and he'll be ready to go on Sunday." Klay's limited minutes sparked some major questions among Mavericks fans but the fact that the team managed to win despite his struggles says a lot about their depth and their resolve as a unit. “It's big, it just shows the character of the team. It shows the depth of the team,” Kidd said via Joey Mistretta. “This group is going to have some time together and get a rhythm, put their best foot forward. Their energy and effort are high… We found a way to win tonight.” The Mavericks didn't need to play a perfect game to beat one of the worst teams in the West but without Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving, they were looking for Klay to step up and lead them to victory. Instead, he had arguably his worst games of the season tonight with 3 points, 4 assists, and 3 rebounds on 1-6 shooting (0-4 from three). Thompson just didn't have it tonight and with a potential win on the line, Kidd pulled him out instead of letting him shoot them out of the game. In the end, it proved to be the right decision as the Mavericks just barely managed to close out the Trail Blazers thanks to P.J. Washington (23 points, 14 rebounds) and Dereck Lively II (21 points, 16 rebounds). Thompson, 34, is undoubtedly one of the greatest three-point shooters ever. In 11 years with the Warriors, as the partner to Stephen Curry, Thompson helped lead the team to four NBA championships with averages of 19.6 points, 3.5 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game on 45.3% shooting. Klay Thompson was a hero for the Warriors and his legacy is forever immortalized for his role in their run as a dynasty. But after a series of injuries derailed his career in 2019, Thompson's play took a noticeable dip and his value was never the same. Following a miserable season with the Warriors, Klay opted out as a free agent and signed with the Mavericks in hopes of a brighter future. So far, Klay is being given a lot of patience and freedom to find his place and deliver some value to the Mavericks on the court. But his limited minutes tonight are a sign that Klay may be phased out of the rotation if he isn't more effective with his shooting. As the Mavericks' big acquisition this summer, he's not someone they expected to come off the bench for them and any change in his role could cause some issues in the locker room. For now, there are no signs of serious issues for the Mavericks and Jason Kidd is going to do everything he can to keep his team together and on the same page. But it'll get harder and harder to make room for Klay if he doesn't contribute on a more consistent basis. After the win against Portland, the Mavericks play the Denver Nuggets on Sunday, January 12th, at 3:00 PM EST at American Airlines Center. They play the Nuggets again at home two days later before heading to New Orleans for a game against the Pelicans at Smoothie King Center at 8:00 PM EST.

NBA
Timberwolves’ Anthony Edwards says monster dunk vs. Magic doesn’t…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Might Trade Rui Hachimura For An…
NBA
One Key NBA Veteran Wants to Team Up With Kings' De'Aaron Fox…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…

The Toronto Maple Leafs surprise with a major roster move that takes Max Pacioretty out of the lineup and replaces him with a forgotten player on the Leafs roster. The Leafs have chosen not to dress Max Pacioretty tonight against the Carolina Hurricanes. Pacioretty, who has played in 29 games this season with Toronto, netting five goals and 12 points, is out of the team's lineup for tonight, with it unclear what led to Pacioretty's sudden absence. Pacioretty has shown a lot of effort for Toronto this season, being willing to engage physically and less reliant on pure offence, something that was his calling card during his prime that made him a consistent top-six player. In Toronto, Pacioretty has been in the top six thanks to high effort. Max Pacioretty Replaced by Pontus Holmberg Ahead of Key Matchup vs Carolina Max Pacioretty has been scratched for tonight's game against the Hurricanes, with forward Pontus Holmberg drawing in for Toronto. Holmberg, 25, will play in his first game of 2025, having last played for the Leafs on Dec. 28th in a 5-2 loss to the Washington Capitals. Holmberg has two goals and six points in 32 games this season for the Toronto Maple Leafs, a decrease in production after 17 points in 54 games last season, seemingly losing his place in Craig Berube's Toronto.. Also swapped out of the Leafs lineup was forward Ryan Reaves, with Nick Robertson drawing back in for the Leafs. The addition of Robertson and subtraction of Reaves indicates a focus on offence in the Leafs lineup, with Robertson a solid bottom-six scoring option, having six goals and 10 points in 34 games this season with Toronto. Leafs head coach Craig Berube said the move was meant to add a 'little more speed' ahead of the team's game. In adding a younger player in Holmberg, Berube appears to signal Max Pacioretty seems to be a player who, at 36 years old, may be kept away as an everyday player to ensure he stays fresh for a longer player without being worn out by the end of this season.

Entertainment
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…

The New York Jets have a few big question marks that need to get sorted out early in the offseason. New York needs to find a new head coach, a new general manager and figure out whether Aaron Rodgers will be the team’s starting quarterback in 2025. All three of these questions go hand in hand. Will Rodgers come back for one more year? That's up in the air. Rodgers seemed melancholy as the campaign was wrapping up but did look good in the season finale. Although the season didn’t go as planned, Rodgers’ numbers are surprisingly good. He finished with 28 touchdown passes to just 11 interceptions while tallying 3,897 passing yards. If you were to see these numbers not knowing the team’s record, you would probably think the Jets were in a much different position than they are now. Rodgers still seems like he has something left in the tank, and if the Jets don’t want him back, maybe someone else will. CBS Sports’ Cody Benjamin made a list of the top quarterbacks who will be available this offseason and predicted landing spots. He predicted that Rodgers will end up signing with the Tennessee Titans on a one-year, $25 million deal. “The former MVP's numbers are deceiving: While he avoided a rash of turnovers in his first healthy year with the Jets, the former Green Bay Packers star was mostly a non-factor for a dismal New York offense, which is ripe for a total overhaul,” Benjamin said. “At 41, he's simply looked much more his age away from Lambeau. "Projection: Signs with Titans on a one-year, $25M deal.” Tennessee has the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft and likely will take a quarterback. It wouldn’t be the worst idea to have a young guy sit for a year and watch Rodgers if he decides to leave New York.

NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
20 NHL players from the 1990s you probably forgot about
NFL
Pete Carroll lands second head coach…
Boxing
Liam Cameron vs Ben Whittaker 2: Queensberry Fire…
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
College Football
Watch: Notre Dame advances to CFP championship with…
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec faces a new…
Beauty school: 20 colleges with gorgeous campuses
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NHL
Utah head coach praises big trade by Kent Hughes and the…
NHL
Sam Montembeault Makes a Big Request to Canadiens Coaching…

At a press conference earlier today, goaltender Samuel Montembeault made an interesting statement involving Jakub Dobes. Montembeault once again demonstrated just how great a teammate he is. He has just given the green light to his bosses to play his young teammate more. "Doby deserves to play more." - Samuel Montembeault These are words that Monty said in front of reporters earlier today, and I absolutely think it's worth mentioning. It says so much about Sam. Samuel Montembeault sends a strong message regarding Jakub Dobes Here's a more complete excerpt of his statement. Let's mention that it wasn't even the reporters who brought up the topic; Montembeault himself decided to bring it up. "Right now, Doby is playing really well, and it's important that both of us continue and always give the team a chance to win." - Samuel Montembeault He then added this: "It's going to give me a little more rest, and he's playing well too, so he deserves to play more. With the busy schedule this year and all the traveling, I think we'll be able to share that well, you know, like this weekend, we have another two games in two nights coming up." - Samuel Montembeault What a great attitude and what a good teammate! To listen to the full press conferences, it's right here (Samuel Montembeault's starts around the sixth minute). I thought this statement from Montembeault, and about Dobes, was absolutely worth mentioning, because not every single goaltender would react this way to the emergence of a young goalie pushing from behind.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Grizzlies News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/ja_morant_makes_nba_history_in_memphis_grizzlies_vs_milwaukee_bucks/s1_17410_41157480 
 ----- 
