Skip to main content
 
WHO  WE  ARE
About ADB, how we’re organized, transparency
WHAT  WE  DO
Projects, publications, products and services, operational priorities, and development knowledge
WHERE  WE  WORK
Countries with operations and subregional programs, country planning documents
WORK  WITH  US
Careers, business opportunities, and investor relations
News and Events
ADB Institute
Contacts
ENGLISH | 日本語
Asian Development Bank Institute (ADBI)
 
ADB Institute
About ADBI
Staff Profiles
Derek Hondo, Capacity Building and Training Coordinator
Derek Hondo, Capacity Building and Training Coordinator
SHARE THIS PAGE

Derek Hondo

Derek Hondo joined the Asian Development Bank Institute (ADBI) in October 2019 and is a Capacity Building and Training Coordinator.

Profile
Books
Journal Articles
Book Chapters
Policy Briefs
Opinion
Podcast

Derek previously worked as a CBT Associate at ADBI from 2019 to 2021, where he worked on the ADBI E-Learning program, CBT events and training programs, and other knowledge output.

His research interests include climate change, circular economy, solid waste management, environmental policy, sustainable urban development, and infrastructure financing.

He holds an MA in Global Environmental Studies from Sophia University in Tokyo and received his Pre-medicine BSc in biology from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles.

ADBI Home
About ADBI
Advisory Council
Dean
Deputy Dean
Staff Profiles
Statutory Reports and Official Records
Think7 (T7)
Think20 (T20)
Research
Capacity Building and Training
Publications
Events
Webinar Recordings
News
Podcast
Multimedia
Asia Pathways
Research Databases
ThinkAsia
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us

© 2025 Asian Development Bank Institute. Terms of Use

 
 
 
 
 
 

Kasumigaseki Building 8F, 3-2-5, Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6008, Japan

 +81 3 3593 5500
 +81 3 3593 5571
 9:30AM - 5:45PM
 Email contact form
 
ABOUT ADBI

The Asian Development Bank Institute was established in 1997 in Tokyo, Japan, to help build capacity, skills, and knowledge related to poverty reduction and other areas that support long-term growth and competitiveness in developing economies in Asia and the Pacific.

ADBI NEWS

Subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest news and find out about our upcoming events and job openings.

Subscriber Services - Subscribe to ADB's Newsletter, e-Alerts and RSS feeds.

We respect your privacy and aim for the best website experience. Allowing cookies enables a tailored experience, while disabling them may reduce personalization. For more information, please read our Terms of Use.

 Accept
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.adb.org/adbi/about/staff-profiles/derek-hondo 
 ----- 
