Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Preview: South Sudan vs Uganda – Team News, Key Stats, Probable Line up & Prediction
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
OCTOBER 15, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Bevis Mugabi, Khalid Aucho and Halid Lwaliwa | Credit: John Batanudde
Overview:

Uganda will qualify for the Afcon 2025 if they win and Congo also lose to South Africa in Brazzaville in a 7pm kick off.

Tuesday October 15, 2024

Juba stadium 4pm (EAT)

Uganda and South Sudan renew acquaintances in Juba in a group K Afcon 2025 qualifier that could seal both nations’ feat.

A win for the visiting Uganda Cranes will surely see them reach the Afcon finals in Morocco next year in case South Africa beat Congo Braville away.

For the Bright Stars of South Sudan, nothing but victory leaves them with a mathematical chance to try and qualify for their maiden finals.

Action from the reverse fixture at Namboole Credit: John Batanudde

In the reverse fixture at Namboole last week, South Sudan were impressive and didn’t do much wrong in the 1-0 defeat and could have easily grabbed a point in the latter stages only for Halid Lwaliwa to clear off the line.

“For now, the most important thing is the points,” said Allan Okello who came off the bench on Friday in defence of the team’s lackluster performance.

Allan Okello evades an opponent Credit: John Batanudde

NEC midfielder Gadafi Wahab who turns out for South Sudan believes they can upset the Cranes.

“We shall give it everything to win,” he told Kawowo Sports. “We were disappointed to lose in Kampala but playing in front of our fans, we shall do all it takes to make them happy,” he added.

Team News

The hosts will again miss the services of star striker Tito Okello who also didn’t travel to Uganda.

Geriga Atendele could start after coming off the bench in the Friday encounter while young striker Paul Jawa could also get some minutes under coach Nicholas Dupuis.

Credit: John Batanudde

Meanwhile, Bevis Mugabi, scorer of the winning goal in Kampala remains a doubt with flue and in case he doesn’t start, Timothy Awany could seize the opportunity.

Taddeo Lwanga was an unused substitute on Friday but could likely have game time as well.

Besides, not much changes are expected from Paul Put who insisted on still trusting the players he has worked with before.

Key Stats:

There have been seven meetings with Uganda winning 5. [L1, D1]
Only three times has Uganda failed to keep a clean sheet against South Sudan.
Uganda will qualify for the Afcon 2025 if they win and Congo also lose to South Africa in Brazzaville in a 7pm kick off.
The Cranes are unbeaten so far in the campaign with two victories [D1]

Cranes Probable XI:

Watenga (GK), Ssemakula, Mugabi, Lwaliwa, Kayondo, Aucho ©, Lwanga, Okello, Mato, Ssemugabi, Omedi.

Prediction: South Sudan 0-2 Uganda

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Join the Conversation

 1 Comment

Mugisa dancan
says:
October 15, 2024 at 17:53

I wish the best to cranes

Loading...
Reply
Leave a comment
Please let us know what you think
Nigerian Ademola Lookman named CAF Player of the Year 2024
CAF Awards 2024: Omedi loses to Angola’s Mabululu in Goal of the Year Category
CAF Awards 2024 D-day: Will Denis Omedi write his name into African Folklore?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
%d
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/15/preview-south-sudan-vs-uganda-team-news-key-stats-and-probable-line-up/ 
 ----- 
