Skip to content
LWOS HOME
AMERICAN LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE
MILB
FANTASY
BETTING
SHOP
Sports. Honestly. Since 2011
Wainwright’s 200th Career Win Won’t Get Him In The Hall Of Fame
September 20, 2023
Keith Brunner Jr

St. Louis Cardinals eighteen-year veteran starting pitcher Adam Wainwright earned his 200th career victory on Monday night in a 1-0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers. Adam is now one of five active pitchers with 200 wins or more. Justin Verlander, Zack Greinke, Max Scherzer, and Clayton Kershaw have more.

Adam Wainwright Cooperstown-worthy?

The 42-year-old starting pitcher plans on retiring at season’s end. While Cooperstown might feel like a one-in-100 chance, Wainwright will undoubtedly get his number 50 retired by the Cardinals. He’s also one of three Cardinals pitchers to have earned 200 wins or more, joining Bob Feller and Jesse Haines. We’ll examine Adam’s illustrious career and determine if he’s a future Hall of Famer.

Adam Wainwright With 200 Wins

During his 200th victory last night, Adam pitched seven innings. He allowed no runs, just four hits, and two walks while striking out three. Cardinals catcher Willson Contreras hit a solo home run in the bottom of the fourth inning. That gave St. Louis a 1-0 lead and eventually the win. Wainwright has a 5-11 record through 21 starts this season. Through 101 innings pitched, he has a 7.40 ERA with 55 strikeouts. He has a lifetime record of 200-128, with a lifetime ERA of 3.53 and 2,202 career strikeouts. Wainwright was crucial in the Cardinals cementing themselves as the 2006 World Series champions. St. Louis played the Detroit Tigers in the World Series, defeating them in five games.

The Cardinals would go on to win it all again in 2011. Unfortunately, Wainwright did not receive credit for the World Series championship in 2011. The reason is he was out the entire year dealing with injuries. One big question that sticks out in my mind is: “Does he not having that second World Series championship tarnish his chances for the Hall of Fame?”

Wainwright never won a Cy Young Award. He was a runner-up for the NL Cy Young Award twice in 2010 and 2013 while finishing in third three times.

If you compare his career to a guy like Mark Buehrle, Wainwright was a two-time runner-up and third three times for the Cy Young Award. Buehrle was a top-five in the AL Cy Young voting one time. Mark also pitched a perfect game in 2009 and a no-hitter in 2007. These guys have had successful careers but are not Hall of Fame-worthy. Waino is a legendary Cardinals pitcher, but Hall of Famer? There may be a chance if those injuries never affected him in 2011.

 

Main Photo Credits: Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports

Keith Brunner Jr
Keith is a Colorado Rockies beat Writer at LWOS, a Milwaukee Bucks and Brewers beat writer at Wisconsin Sports Heroics, and the founder of EnforceTheSport.com.
Share:
More Posts
Ode To The Unsung Heroes: 4 Pirates Who Stepped Up When Needed

The history of the Pittsburgh Pirates has as many tales of unexpected, unsung heroes as it does of star players. As we marvel over the

Top Free Agent Reliever Jeff Hoffman Signs With Blue Jays

Right-handed free agent reliever Jeff Hoffman has signed with the Toronto Blue Jays on a three-year, $33 million deal. The team announced the deal via

Cubs Add Experienced Arm To Roster Under Craig Counsell’s Guidance

In a move aimed at bolstering their pitching staff, the Chicago Cubs have agreed to a contract with right-hander Colin Rea. As reported by ESPN’s

Angels Young Gun Looks To Make Impact In Starting Rotation

One potential dark-horse candidate for the second rotation spot is right-hander Caden Dana, the Los Angeles Angels top-ranked prospect. After losing left-handed pitcher Patrick Sandoval

Send Us A Message
Full Name
Phone
Email
Send
Ode to the Unsung Heroes: 4 Pirates Who Stepped Up When Needed

January 10, 2025

The history of the Pittsburgh Pirates has as many tales of unexpected, unsung heroes as it does of star players. As we marvel over the achievements of the superstars, we also take delight in the surprise heroics of the Everyman. It’s one of many reasons why baseball is so endearing. Here are the stories of four players who rose to the occasion when answering the call during a pennant race. Pirates Unsung Heroes Have Delivered the Unexpected The Duck Spring training, 1959: Photographer Jimmy Klingensmith thought he had a cute idea. He had a “No Vacancy” sign printed. He wanted […]

Top Free Agent Reliever Jeff Hoffman Signs with Blue Jays

January 10, 2025

Right-handed free agent reliever Jeff Hoffman has signed with the Toronto Blue Jays on a three-year, $33 million deal. The team announced the deal via social media Friday evening. In 2024 with the Philadelphia Phillies, Hoffman had a 3-3 record with a 2.17 ERA and a 2.52 FIP in 68 outings. He also recorded 10 saves and 21 holds. During the 2024 season, Hoffman ranked third in fWAR among qualified National League relief pitchers. St. Louis Cardinals closer Ryan Helsley and fellow Phillies relief pitcher Matt Strahm ranked ahead of him. Hoffman ranked fifth among qualified NL relief pitchers with […]

Cubs Add Experienced Arm to Roster Under Craig Counsell’s Guidance

January 10, 2025

In a move aimed at bolstering their pitching staff, the Chicago Cubs have agreed to a contract with right-hander Colin Rea. As reported by ESPN’s Jesse Rogers, the deal is worth $5 million for one year, pending a physical, and has yet to be officially announced by the club. The deal also includes a club option for 2026. The Cubs have an agreement with righty Colin Rea, a source confirms to ESPN. He pitched for them in 2020. And for Craig Counsell in Milwaukee in 2021 and 2023. — Jesse Rogers (@JesseRogersESPN) January 10, 2025 The Milwaukee Brewers declined Rea’s […]

Angels Young Gun Looks to Make Impact in Starting Rotation

January 10, 2025

One potential dark-horse candidate for the second rotation spot is right-hander Caden Dana, the Los Angeles Angels top-ranked prospect. After losing left-handed pitcher Patrick Sandoval to the Boston Red Sox just two weeks ago, and reliable middle-of-the-rotation starter Griffin Canning to the Braves in the Jorge Soler trade, the Angels’ rotation has several gaps as the 2025 season approaches. General manager Perry Minasian, who recently received a contract extension, attempted to address these issues in late November by signing left-hander Yusei Kikuchi to a three-year deal worth $63 million. However, there are still many uncertainties regarding the second through fifth […]

Royals Reward Rising Prospect with Spring Training Invite

January 10, 2025

Former Florida Gators two-player and Kansas City Royals top prospect Jac Caglianone will join the big league camp during spring training, Anne Rogers of MLB.com reports. Caglianone has 29 games of pro experience at High-A Quad Cities since being taken with the No. 6 overall pick of last year’s MLB Draft. When Caglianone does arrive to Surprise, Ariz., for spring training, it will be alongside his future teammates including Bobby Witt Jr., Vinnie Pasquantino and Salvador Perez. “Being able to share a field with Bobby and Vinnie, being able to see how much influence Salvy has with being the captain […]

Load More
Application
Current Openings
Writing FAQ
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://lastwordonsports.com/baseball/2023/09/20/wainwrights-200th-career-win/ 
 ----- 
