Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Advertisement
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Brewers pitcher J.C. Mejía suspended 162 games for PED violation
Mejía, in his third MLB season, has been on the injured list for more than a month
Ryan Young
Staff writer
Thu, Sep 21, 2023·2 min read
283

Major League Baseball suspended Milwaukee Brewers pitcher J.C. Mejía for 162 games after he tested positive for a performance-enhancing drug for the second time. As a result of this suspension, Mejia will be eligible to play again late next season.

Mejía tested positive for Stanozolol.

“The Milwaukee Brewers fully support MLB's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program and share in the goal of eliminating performance-enhancing substances from our game,” the Brewers said in a statement, via the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.

Mejía is the first player in the league to be suspended under MLB’s drug agreement since Fernando Tatís Jr. was suspended 80 games for a violation last fall. Tatís Jr. returned to the lineup for the San Diego Padres earlier this year.

J.C. Mejía was suspended 80 games last season for a similar violation. (Larry Radloff/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)

Mejía was suspended for 80 games in May 2022 after he tested positive for Stanozolol, a synthetic steroid derived from testosterone.

Mejía, 27, is in his third season in the league. He has made nine appearances and holds a 1-0 record and a 5.56 ERA. He has 13 strikeouts and has walked three batters in just more than 11 innings on the mound this season. He landed on the injured list last month with right shoulder inflammation and was transferred to the 60-day injured list earlier this month.

J.C. Mejía
RP - MIL - #36
2023 - false season
11.1
IP
5.56
ERA
1.59
WHIP
13
K
3
BB

Mejía has a 2-7 career record and an 8.32 ERA in his three seasons in the league. He got his start with the Cleveland Guardians in 2021 and was traded to the Brewers after his rookie season. Milwaukee re-signed him to a minor-league deal this past offseason.

The Brewers entered Wednesday’s game against the St. Louis Cardinals with an 85-66 record and a six-game lead over the Chicago Cubs in the NL Central. The Brewers started the day just five games away from clinching the division and securing their fifth postseason appearance in the past six years.

If you buy something through a link in this article, we may earn commission.
Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL coaching requests, hires: Full list of teams and names being pursued

Feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of NFL interview news? Let Yahoo Sports help.

4d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Patrick Surtain II takes over as NFL Defensive Player of the Year betting favorite

Patrick Surtain II is vying to be the seventh cornerback to win DPOY.

9d ago
Yahoo Sports
College football bowl schedule, results ahead of CFP title game

From the IS4S Salute to Veterans Bowl on Dec. 14 to the College Football Playoff National Championship Game on Jan. 20, 82 teams will play in at least one postseason game.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL MVP odds still favor Josh Allen, but Lamar Jackson is closing the gap

The NFL MVP race might come down to the end of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers says he'll decide 'whether or not I want to play' after the season ends

Rodgers told reporters Wednesday that, unless the Jets release him, he will contemplate his football future once the season is over.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Herbert shines as Chargers get impressive win over Patriots to clinch playoff spot

The Chargers will be a wild-card team in the AFC bracket.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
NASCAR guarantees Helio Castroneves a spot in Daytona 500 through a new provisional

Starting in 2025, star drivers who haven't competed in NASCAR are eligible to automatically qualify for a Cup Series race.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Hideki Matsuyama avoids disaster after driver flies out of hands at Sony Open in Hawaii

Matsuyama nearly hit someone with his driver on a tee shot. He proceeded to birdie the hole.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/brewers-pitcher-jc-mejia-suspended-162-games-for-ped-violation-002214571.html 
 ----- 
