Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Sri Lanka vs Nepal – T20 World Cup: Team news, head-to-head, pitch, weather

Nepal will look for their first win in the T20 World Cup 2024 when they meet Sri Lanka in a crucial Group D match.

Nepal fans cheer as they arrive for an ICC Men's T20 World Cup match between the Netherlands and Nepal at Grand Prairie Stadium, Texas [Julio Cortez/AP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 11 Jun 2024
11 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Who: Sri Lanka vs Nepal
What: ICC T20 World Cup 2024 Group D match
When: Tuesday, June 11, 7:30pm local time (23:30 GMT)
Where: Central Broward Park Stadium, Lauderhill, Florida, United States
How to follow: Al Jazeera’s live text and photo coverage begins at 20:30 GMT

International cricket returns to Florida after nearly a year and the Central Broward Park Stadium in Lauderhill will offer a welcome respite to the teams playing their T20 World Cup group matches in the United States.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
The T20 World Cup has brought cricket to the US, but will it ever take off?
list 2 of 4
All you need to know about the ICC T20 World Cup 2024 stadiums
list 3 of 4
Teams, format, venues, past winners: A concise guide to the T20 World Cup
list 4 of 4
Nepal court hands Sandeep Lamichhane rape acquittal ahead of T20 World Cup
end of list

The venue, which hosted its first international match in 2010, is expected to offer better batting conditions than its New York counterpart, where all conversations have centred around the tricky pitch.

Sri Lanka will be especially pleased to be back at the ground where they have played before, albeit many years ago, offering them an advantage over their opponents Nepal.

The Sri Lankan batting lineup has been the team’s weak link and with their chances of survival dependent on this game, the 2014 champions will hope the change in venue will change their fortunes as well.

Advertisement

However, Sri Lanka’s bowling coach Aqib Javed believes his side’s strong bowling can win the game for them against Nepal.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA

“[We have] got the best leg-spinner in the world, a mystery bowler and slingers, who are very unique and effective in T20 cricket,” Javed said ahead of the match.

Javed, a former Pakistan pace bowler, heaped praise on right-arm pacer Nuwan Thushara for his four-wicket spell in Sri Lanka’s last match against Bangladesh.

“When you have a small total, then somebody has to come up and bring something like what Nuwan brought the other day,” he said.

“Sri Lankan bowling attacks are known because of their natural talent and the ability to do what other teams can’t.”

The island nation have enjoyed plenty of support during their matches in the US, but their opponents have received equally passionate backing from their fans as well.

Javed, who has formerly coached the United Arab Emirates, said he was taken aback by the passion for cricket in Nepal.

“The first time I went to Nepal, I was surprised. We went to the stadium and it was packed and there were a few thousand [fans] outside the ground.

“Once you have passion, then you are not far away from the glory. It’s good to see Nepal qualifying for the T20 World Cup.”

Fans at the Netherlands vs Nepal match at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Texas [Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP]
‘We believe we are going to win’

Nepal captain Rohit Paudel believes a win against Sri Lanka would be a “great gift” from the team to its supporters, who came out in their thousands to support the team in their first match against the Netherlands.

Advertisement

“It will be a motivation for all of us to express ourselves and grab that first win,” Paudel said in his pre-match news conference

“It’s a privilege for us [to have such support] and we want to play our best cricket and make them proud and happy.”

Sri Lanka find themselves in a do-or-die situation and Nepal’s 21-year-old skipper said his side will look to make use of Sri Lanka’s predicament.

“Sri Lanka is under more pressure than us.

“[ICC] associate teams are beating Test-playing countries [in this World Cup], which serves as a motivation for us, especially moving forward to tomorrow’s game.

“We believe that we are going to win tomorrow.”

Pitch and weather conditions

The pitch will come into play for the first time in the tournament. While it has produced par scores in the past, a run of showers and thunderstorms could make it a more even contest between bat and ball.

The weather forecast for the game does not look encouraging, with chances of rain and thunderstorms causing a delay in proceedings.

Head-to-head

The teams have never faced each other in any format of the game.

Form guide

Sri Lanka have had a poor start to the tournament and while they came close to beating Bangladesh in their last match, they have three losses against their name in the last five T20 matches.

Advertisement

Nepal, too, do not have their form backing them but could rely on their supporters and good bowling to get their first win.

Sri Lanka: L L W L W
Nepal: L L L W W

Sri Lanka team news

Pitch and weather conditions could force Sri Lanka to play an extra seamer in place of one of their spin-bowling all-rounders.

Squad: Wanindu Hasaranga (captain), Charith Asalanka, Kusal Mendis, Pathum Nissanka, Kamindu Mendis, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Maheesh Theekshana, Dunith Wellalage, Dushmantha Chameera, Nuwan Thushara, Matheesha Pathirana, Dilshan Madushanka.

Nepal team news

Despite Sandeep Lamichhane’s late addition to the squad, Nepal will not be able to select their star leg-spinner as he is in the West Indies and will link up with the squad when they play their last two group games in Saint Vincent.

Squad: Rohit Paudel (captain), Aasif Sheikh, Dipendra Singh Airee, Kushal Bhurtel, Sundeep Jora, Karan KC, Kushal Malla, Pratis GC, Sompal Kami, Anil Sah, Abinash Bohara, Gulsan Jha, Lalit Rajbanshi, Kamal Airee, Sagar Dhakal.

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/11/sri-lanka-vs-nepal-t20-world-cup-team-news-head-to-head-pitch-weather 
 ----- 
