Skip to main content
T
বাংলা
T20 WORLD CUP 2024
Agencies
Tue Jun 11, 2024 10:42 AM
Last update on: Tue Jun 11, 2024 10:50 AM
154
Shares
Most Viewed

Robi gets acting CEO, as Rajeev Sethi moves to a new role within Axiata

 

‘No argument’ as experts back Bangladeshi umpire Saikat on Jaiswal decision

 

'Faruqi was killed by extremists over ideological differences'

 

Govt raises stipend; postgrad doctors to resume work tomorrow

Group D state of play: Bangladesh's path to second round
Bangladesh pacer Taskin Ahmed celebrates after dismissing Heinrich Klaasen of South Africa during the ICC Men's T20 Cricket World Cup match at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on June 10, 2024 in New York, New York on Monday. PHOTO: AFP

Bangladesh succumbed to a heartbreaking four-run defeat in their T20 World Cup fixture against South Africa at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on Monday but still they will feel they are in a good position to advance to Super 8s with games against Netherlands and Nepal to come.

South Africa virtually clinched a place in the Super Eight stage as spinner Keshav Maharaj defended 11 runs off the final over to help secure a nail-biting four-run victory over Bangladesh in a low-scoring Group D clash on Monday.

For all latest news, follow The Daily Star's Google News channel.

South Africa have three wins from their three games in the pool, all on the two-paced uneven New York wicket, while Bangladesh have a win and a defeat from their two fixtures.

South Africa's place in the Super Eight stage would only be in jeopardy if Nepal won their three remaining games and Netherlands were victorious in their final two. Even then the South Africans could still go through via net run-rate.

Bangladesh will feel they are in a good position to advance too with games against Netherlands and Nepal to come.

Group D
Teams: South Africa, Bangladesh, Netherlands, Nepal, Sri Lanka

SOUTH AFRICA (6 points | 0.603 NRR)

The Proteas picked up the all-important scalp of Sri Lanka to hit the ground running, before taking care of the Netherlands in a close encounter. The brilliance of their bowling attack helped secure another victory in another tight finish against Bangladesh, putting South Africa on the brink of qualification.

BANGLADESH (2 points | 0.075 NRR)

The Tigers began Group D with a close win over Sri Lanka and moving into second position. They missed a golden opportunity in the thriller against South Africa in New York, but are still in a decent position to qualify. Assuming Sri Lanka fails to catch up, having already lost two, Bangladesh likely only needs to beat main qualification rivals Netherlands in their next match to advance – even just a win over Nepal in their final game might be enough to seal a spot on NRR.

Standings
Group D
Team                           M    W    L    Net RR    Points
South Africa                3    3    0    +0.603    6
Bangladesh                2    1    1    +0.075    2
Netherlands                2    1    1    +0.024    2
Nepal                          1    0    1    -0.539    0
Sri Lanka                     2    0    2    -0.777    0

Remaining First Round Fixtures of Tigers [Bangladesh Time]
June 13: BANGLADESH v NETHERLANDS, St. Vincent, 08.30 PM
June 17: BANGLADESH v NEPAL, St. Vincent, 05:30 AM
 

Related topic:
ICC T20 World Cup 2024
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup Super 8s
tigers
bangladesh cricket
Click to comment
Related News
Non-conformist blockbuster conserves charm
6m ago
BPL 11 kicks off in Mirpur today
2d ago
Two ICC officials resign as complaints over USA leg pile on
5m ago
Miraz praises bowling unit after sealing memorable victory in Jamaica
4w ago
India's World Cup winners return to PM Modi praise, victory parade
6m ago
|সম্পাদকীয়
২০২৫ সালে সবাইকে নিয়ে সামনে এগিয়ে যেতে হবে

নতুন বছর বাংলাদেশের জন্য নতুন সুযোগ এনেছে

 ৩৬ মিনিট আগে
|বাণিজ্য
সারাবিশ্বে কমতে পারে নিত্যপণ্যের দাম, বাংলাদেশ সুফল পাবে?
 ১ ঘণ্টা আগে
Journalism without fear or favour
About Us
Contact Us
Apps
Comment Policy
RSS
Sitemap
Advertisement
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Conference Hall
Archives
© 2025 thedailystar.net | Powered by: RSI LAB
Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedailystar.net/sports/sports-special/t20-world-cup-2024/news/group-d-state-play-bangladeshs-path-second-round-3632011 
 ----- 
