Skip to content
Subscribe Now
34°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Another lucky day in Delaware County: Half-million dollar winner at Cash 5 January 13, 2025 at 10:19 am
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Aaron Nola tosses 7 shutout innings, Nick Castellanos hits 3-run homer as Phillies win fourth straight
1 of 6

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve is safe on a steal on second before Philadelphia Phillies second baseman Bryson Stott can make the tag in the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Laurence Kesterson)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: August 27, 2024 at 10:13 PM EDT

By Dan Gelston

PHILADELPHIA — Aaron Nola tossed four-hit ball over seven shutout innings and Nick Castellanos hit a three-run homer to lead the Phillies to their fourth straight win, 5-0 over the Houston Astros Tuesday night.

The Phillies may have put their summer malaise behind them over the last two weeks, winning the last two games of a series in Kansas City and the first two games of a three-game set against Houston. The Phillies have won eight of 13 games overall and maintained their healthy lead in the NL East — six games ahead of Atlanta, entering Tuesday — and are again playing like the team that opened as one of the best teams in baseball into the All-Star break.

Nola (12-6) earned a needed win after going winless in his last seven starts, a span that included five no-decisions and two losses. The right-hander last won a game on July 11, against the Dodgers. Nola struck out two in the first inning, getting his 56th career win at Citizens Bank Park off to a fast start. The 56 wins ties him with former Phillies ace Cole Hamels for most in the 21 seasons at the ballpark.

Nola earned a rousing standing ovation from the crowd of almost 40,000 fans after he finished the seventh. He struck out six and walked one over his 102 pitches.

José Ruiz and Tanner Banks each tossed a scoreless relief inning.

Nola had the run support he needed after the Phillies scored four times off Justin Verlander (3-4) in the third inning.

Trea Turner poked a single to right that scored Austin Hays, who opened with a leadoff double. A night after his RBI single in the 10th inning off Houston closer Josh Hader won the game, Bryce Harper sliced a single to left that set the stage for Castellanos. Castellanos hit a curveball into the left field seats for his 18th homer of the year and a 4-0 lead.

At 41 years, 189 days, Verlander is the oldest active pitcher in the major leagues. While the three-time Cy Young Award winner missed this season with neck stiffness and right shoulder inflammation, he remained a pivotal part of the rotation as Houston chases an AL West crown.

Verlander struck out three, walked one, allowed four runs and gave up seven hits in five innings.

Alec Bohm added an RBI single in the seventh.

UP NEXT

The Astros send RHP Spencer Arrighetti (6-11, 4.94 ERA) to the mound against Phillies RHP Taijuan Walker (3-5, 6.26 ERA). Walker has lost his last eight starts and hasn’t won a game since May 22.

Originally Published: August 27, 2024 at 10:10 PM EDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Crozer Health parent company Prospect Medical Holdings says it is going Chapter 11
Crozer Health parent company Prospect Medical Holdings says it is going Chapter 11
Delaware County restaurant inspections: restaurant cleans up its act in 24 hours
Delaware County restaurant inspections: restaurant cleans up its act in 24 hours
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
Upper Chichester police charge a former resident with child sex crimes
Upper Chichester police charge a former resident with child sex crimes
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
Sixers owners reportedly reverse course, won’t build contentious $1.3B downtown stadium
Sixers owners reportedly reverse course, won’t build contentious $1.3B downtown stadium
Archbishop of Philadelphia to lead discussions across archdiocese
Archbishop of Philadelphia to lead discussions across archdiocese
Girls Basketball: Fanning twins bringing winning touch to Strath Haven hoops
Girls Basketball: Fanning twins bringing winning touch to Strath Haven hoops
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Hit by an NYPD cruiser, she tried to report the accident. That’s when the runaround started.
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Owner of three struggling Connecticut hospitals files for bankruptcy 
Macy’s is closing 66 stores nationwide
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies have no plans to pitch prized prospect Painter in spring training
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add bullpen depth with 1-year deal for Joe Ross
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
August
27
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Public Notices
Jobs
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delcotimes.com/2024/08/27/nola-tosses-7-shutout-innings-castellanos-hits-3-run-homer-in-phillies-5-0-win-over-astros-2/ 
 ----- 
