Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Philadelphia Phillies Look For Second Straight Series Win Tuesday vs. Astros
The Philadelphia Phillies look to continue building positive momentum on Tuesday vs. the Houston Astros.
Kenneth Teape | Aug 27, 2024
Aug 26, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia Phillies first base Bryce Harper (3) celebrates his walk-off single with teammates against the Houston Astros during the tenth inning at Citizens Bank Park. / Eric Hartline-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

The Philadelphia Phillies started an intriguing interleague matchup on Monday night against the Houston Astros. The Astros have been one of the hottest teams in baseball over the last few weeks, but the Phillies are looking to cool them off.


In the series opener, a thrilling contest was had between the two playoff contenders. Philadelphia outlasted Houston, winning the game 3-2 in 10 innings.

Bryce Harper was the hero on Monday night, recording the game-winning hit that scored Kyle Schwarber. On Tuesday, the Phillies will be looking to win the series.

It would be the second straight series victory for Philadelphia, and third out of the last four, who is stabilizing after a rough stretch at the start of the second half. 

They defeated the Kansas City Royals in two out of three games over the weekend. Prior to that, they won three out of four against the Washington Nationals, with a series loss against the Atlanta Braves sandwiched in between.

Taking the mound for the Phillies on Tuesday will be Aaron Nola. He has been an excellent one-two punch for Philadelphia this season atop their rotation with Zack Wheeler, who started the game on Monday.

Nola is 11-6 this season with a 3.45 ERA. Tonight will be his 27th start of the season.

Pitching against him for the Astros is Justin Verlander. This will be his 12th start of the season, as he missed more than two months this season because of injury. He is 3-3 with a 3.92 ERA and made his return to the rotation last week in a loss to the Boston Red Sox.

This series against Houston is the start of a seven-game homestand for the Phillies. After they wrap things up here, they play a huge four-game set against the Braves.

Currently holding a six-game lead in the National League East, things could change quickly if Philadelphia goes on another skid. They will want to go into that divisional showdown with as much positive momentum as possible. 

Nola is certainly the man for the job, as he has gotten things done for the team time and time again throughout his career. Verlander and the Astros will be just as motivated, as they currently hold a 3.5-game lead over the Seattle Mariners in the American League West.

Published Aug 27, 2024
KENNETH TEAPE

Kenneth Teape is an alumnus of SUNY Old Westbury and graduated in 2013 with an Honors Degree in Media Communications with a focus on print journalism. During his time at Old Westbury, he worked for the school newspaper and several online publications, such as Knicks Now, the official website of the New York Knicks, and a self-made website with fellow students, Gotham City Sports News. Kenneth has also been a site expert at Empire Writes Back, Musket Fire, and Lake Show Life within the FanSided Network. He was a contributor to HoopsHabit, with work featured on Bleacher Report and Yardbarker. In addition to his work here, he is a reporter for both NBA Analysis Network and NFL Analysis Network, as well as a writer and editor for Packers Coverage. You can follow him on X, formerly Twitter, @teapester725, or reach him via email at teapester725@gmail.com.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/phillies/news/philadelphia-phillies-look-for-second-straight-series-win-tuesday-vs-astros 
 ----- 
