MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Bryce Harper likes his swings — except the one that won a game — and the Phillies will take it
By Matt Gelb
Aug 27, 2024

33

PHILADELPHIA — There won’t be a moment when everyone knows the Phillies are back because this sport doesn’t work like that. If they return to form, it’ll take more than a good week — and more than a solid 3-2 win in 10 innings against the Houston Astros. The little things will accumulate until the ball is rolling downhill again.

No one knows when. Kyle Schwarber made the last out of the ninth inning Monday night, which meant he would start the 10th inning on second base. “Hey,” Schwarber told some Phillies coaches, “I’m good.” But they debated during the top of the 10th whether Schwarber or someone else — either the backup catcher or a 25-year-old infielder built like a linebacker called up earlier in the day — should run.

“Hey,” manager Rob Thomson said to Schwarber, “you’re running.”

So, Schwarber ran hard when Bryce Harper smacked a first-pitch Josh Hader fastball into right field. Harper later admitted he was not happy about the swing. Schwarber, the burly designated hitter, was not the ideal person to stand on second base as the winning run with a hard-hit grounder to right field. Nothing about it was pretty.

But Harper put it in play. And Schwarber went from second base to home plate in 7.12 seconds — the second-fastest time of his entire big-league career. Technically, it was the fastest because the only quicker time was when Schwarber was running on the pitch. This was different, a big man moving to score a big run.

“I felt like I wasn’t going to stop, I’ll tell you that,” Schwarber said. “I wasn’t going to stop until I slid into home plate.”

So, the Phillies did something. Harper did something. His night started with another 4-6-3 double play — the 16th double play he’s grounded into this season. That is a career high. But he walked in the third inning. He drove a double to the left-center gap in the sixth inning and later scored the tying run. He walked in the seventh inning against a lefty reliever. And he won it in the 10th.

Harper hasn’t had many moments this season. Maybe this was one.

“Those are all signs that are going to be great going forward,” Schwarber said. “It’s good for us. Right? He’s a big cog in the lineup. It’s good to see him get the results, obviously, but I think the work has always been there.”

“I don’t think he gets down on himself too much,” starter Zack Wheeler said. “I’m sure it’s pretty hard, too, when you’re that good and you expect that much out of yourself. He’s a competitor, and it’s fun to watch. So, hopefully, that starts something for him and he can continue off of that.”

But Harper has high standards, and he’s worn the frustration in visible ways over the last six weeks. It came through in the disdain he had for the game-winning swing. “Just another rollover,” Harper said. Maybe so, but he hit it hard.

“I just need to stay through the baseball,” Harper said. “If I’m staying to left-center and staying through the ball, my swing is better. Just have to do that.”

It had been 18 days since Harper was on base four times in a game. He hadn’t drawn a walk in 10 days. He had been hitting .213/.262/.390 since the All-Star break. Teams attacked him with a steady barrage of off-speed pitches below the strike zone.

That’s been the plan for every team against the Phillies. Astros starter Ronel Blanco threw fastballs only 35 percent of the time. “That was part of the plan of attack — to throw a lot of sliders against them,” Blanco said through a team interpreter. “Then we saw it was working, so we just continued using it.” This is the reality for the Phillies until they force teams to adjust.

They have been waiting for Harper to look like Harper.

“Even in the last couple of days, I thought he was right on pitches,” Thomson said. “Just had nothing to show for it. Fouling a lot of balls off. So I think his balance is pretty good. I’m not sure if he thinks that. But I do. It looks like his bat path and bat speed is there.”

Harper liked most of his at-bats before the last one. Even on the double play, he ran a full count. He swung at strikes and took balls. He saw 24 pitches in four plate appearances, then needed only one to win it against Hader, who famously did not face Harper in Game 5 of the 2022 National League Championship Series. Harper took the swing of his life that day, and it resulted in a ball hit to left-center field.

The sixth-inning double to left-center Monday night wasn’t that. But it was something. He’s had only two hits to left-center since mid-July.

“I thought I had some good at-bats,” Harper said.

That’s about as much praise Harper will bestow upon himself. It’s going to take more days and more at-bats to feel better about this whole thing. This is an important week, but every week is important now because October is almost here.

The little things might have taken a back seat earlier this summer when the Phillies put everything on cruise control after building so much goodwill. Now, it’s time to find another gear.

Like Schwarber.

“Man,” Schwarber told someone, “I haven’t scored a winning run in a while. I didn’t even know what to do when I crossed home plate.”

What did he do?

“I just slid,” Schwarber said. “I got up, and I ran over to Harp.”

This game’s easy.

(Photo: Heather Barry / Getty Images)

Matt Gelb is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Philadelphia Phillies. He has covered the team since 2010 while at The Philadelphia Inquirer, including a yearlong pause from baseball as a reporter on the city desk. He is a graduate of Syracuse University and Central Bucks High School West.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5725570/2024/08/27/phillies-bryce-harper-walk-off-astros-progress/ 
 ----- 
