Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
D’Arnaud hits a walk-off homer as Braves keep up their playoff push with a 2-1 win over Royals
1 of 10 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Travis d’Arnaud rounds second base after hitting a walkoff home run to win a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

2 of 10 |  

Atlanta Braves pitcher Reynaldo Lopez throws in the first inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

3 of 10 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Jorge Soler hits a double to center field in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

4 of 10 |  

Kansas City Royals pitcher Michael Lorenzen throws in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

5 of 10 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Matt Olson swings at a pitch called strike in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

6 of 10 |  

Kansas City Royals outfielder Robbie Grossman catches a pop fly hit by Atlanta Braves’ Matt Olson in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

7 of 10 |  

Kansas City Royals’ Maikel Garcia looks to his hit to see if it stays within play in the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

8 of 10 |  

Kansas City Royals outfielder Garrett Hampson, left, slides into first base before Atlanta Braves first baseman Matt Olson, right, catches the ball in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

9 of 10 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Ozzie Albies watches his hit in the infield in the first inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

10 of 10 |  

Kansas City Royals pitcher Seth Lugo throws in the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

BY  PAUL NEWBERRY
Updated 1:39 PM UTC, September 29, 2024
Share

ATLANTA (AP) — Travis d’Arnaud hit a home run in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves kept up their postseason push with a 2-1 win over the playoff-bound Kansas City Royals on Saturday night.

Reynaldo López came off the injured list to throw six strong innings for the Braves, who moved one game ahead of the New York Mets and Arizona Diamondbacks in the race for the final two NL wild-card spots.

The Mets lost 6-0 at Milwaukee, while the Diamondbacks were blanked 5-0 by San Diego.

D’Arnaud ended it with one swing in the ninth, launching a 2-0 pitch from Sam Long (3-3) over the center-field wall for his 15th homer this season.

After an injury-plagued season, the Braves’ magic number is one. They can clinch their seventh straight playoff appearance on Sunday by completing a sweep of the Royals or another loss by the Diamondbacks.

Atlanta also has a makeup doubleheader set for Monday against the Mets after two games were washed out by Hurricane Helene in the final week of the regular season, but it may not matter much for the Braves.

“This is big here. This is playoff baseball, literally,” manager Brian Snitker said. “A lot of emotions. That’s why you play this thing, to get in these positions.”

RELATED STORIES
Sean Manaea to re-sign with Mets for $75 million over 3 years, AP source says
Kansas City Royals reach agreement with Diamond Sports Group to continue airing games
Robinson Chirinos replaces Fredi González as Baltimore Orioles bench coach

Raisel Iglesias (6-2) earned the win with a perfect top half of the ninth, but the story on the mound was López.

The All-Star right-hander pitched for the first time since Sept. 10, when he lasted only one inning at Washington before coming out with shoulder discomfort. An MRI showed no structural damage, but the Braves placed him on the 15-day disabled list in the heat of the playoff race to make sure things didn’t get worse.

López looked as good as ever in his return, allowing only two singles while striking out nine. After fanning Adam Frazier with the last of his 73 pitches, he pounded his glove in satisfaction while walking off the mound, having lowered his season ERA to an even 2.00.

This is more than López ever could’ve imagined after he signed with the Braves as a free agent last November. Coming off three seasons spent mostly as a reliever, Atlanta moved him to the starting rotation — and he’s been downright dazzling.

“It’s been a surprising season for me,” López said through an interpreter. “Not knowing what to really expect and then being able to take full advantage of the opportunity I was given, I just couldn’t have expected this type of season. It’s been tremendous.”

D’Arnaud provided the perfect capper to the night for the Braves.

“It’s great, especially when the wins are so big right now,” he said. “I think what our pitchers did is better than what I did at the end because I wouldn’t have had that chance unless our pitchers kept us in the game like they did.”

Kansas City went ahead in the third after starting the frame with its only two hits off Lopez — back-to-back singles by Freddy Fermin and Garrett Hampson. Fermin came home from third when Dairon Blanco hit into a double play.

The Braves tied it up in the fourth with an unearned run.

With two outs, Jorge Soler hit one off the yellow line at the top of the wall in right-center for a double. D’Arnaud followed with a dribbler that was fielded by pitcher Michael Lorenzen, who had plenty of time to get the slow-running catcher but threw it in the Braves’ dugout. Soler came home on the error.

The Royals went with a makeshift lineup one day after clinching their first postseason appearance since 2015.

Bobby Witt Jr. was among six starters from Friday’s 3-0 loss who got the night off, while three others were slotted into different positions. For Witt, it was the first game he’s missed all season after making 160 consecutive starts — 159 at shortstop and one game as the designated hitter.

Sitting out had an added benefit for the Royals star, who likely locked up the AL batting title with a .332 average and just one game left in the regular season.

Sixteen-game winner Seth Lugo pitched two scoreless innings for Kansas City, limited to 36 pitches in what was essentially a tuneup for the Wild Card Series that begins Tuesday.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Royals: 1B Vinnie Pasquantino (broken right thumb) holds out hope he may be able to return to the lineup during the playoffs. He took another step in his recovery by facing live pitching for the first time since his injury. Before the game, he took swings against LHP Will Smith, who is recovering from low back spasms, and RHP Steven Cruz, who has been optioned to the minors.

Braves: With López coming off the injured list, RHP John Brebbia was optioned to Triple-A Gwinnett — merely a procedural move since the minor league team’s season is over.

UP NEXT

Neither team announced pitching plans for the series finale Sunday. The Braves will go with Chris Sale, Charlie Morton or rookie Spencer Schwellenbach. The Royals, meanwhile, scuttled plans to start LHP Cole Ragans, preferring to hold him back for the Wild Card Series.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
From Carter's funeral, an Ameri can snapshot: A singular image, 5 presidents, 379 years of histo ry
Speer scores 27, Marshall beats James Madison 80-78
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows Las Vegas [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
New Hyundai Santa Fe For Seniors In 2024 - Prices Are Shocking...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Nationals and infielder Amed Rosario agree to $2 million,...
Infielder Amed Rosario and the Washingto n Nationals have agreed to a $2 million,...
AP News
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
The Long Handle Obje ct Picker Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
The Cordless Electric Scissors Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Game simulates altern ative history
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
How Much Does It Cost to Rent a Private Jet in 2025 - The Pri...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/braves-royals-score-49084837cb86a440d8a669e7135ded1e 
 ----- 
