Reggae Boyz Create History in Canada to Book Copa America Spot

Posted by Wayne Walker | 21 Nov, 2023

Alphonso Davies #19 of Canada and Dexter Lembikisa #2 of Jamaica chase the ball during a Concacaf Nations League match at BMO Field on November 21, 2023 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. (Photo by Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images)

Jamaica’s national senior men’s football team created history in Toronto on Tuesday night to book a spot at next year’s Copa America tournament.

The Reggae Boyz came from a goal down to beat Canada 3-2 in the second leg of their Concacaf Nations League quarter-final tie to advance on the away goals rule.

Jamaica won the game 3-2 at the BMO Stadium in Toronto for a 4-4 aggregate scoreline. However, Jamaica advanced by virtue of scoring more away goals in the the two legs.

Alphonso Davis gave the home team the lead in 25 minutes which they held to the break. But a quick double from Shamar Nicholson on minutes 62 and 66 gave Jamaica the lead for the first time.

Reggae Boyz forward Shemar Nicholson in action against Canada at the BMO Field in Toronto. Nicholson’s brace set the Reggae Boyz on their way to Copa America qualification. (Image: The Jamaica Football Federation)

Ismael Kone hit back for Canada three minutes later. At that time Jamaica was going out of the tournament.

But Heimir Hallgrimmson’s team was thrown a lifeline in the 78th minute when they were awarded a penalty, which Bobby Reid calmly put away for the victory.

Jamaica played portions of the second half with ten players after Demarai Gray was shown a second yellow card.

It was the first time in football history Jamaica was beating Canada in Canada.

Jamaica now join Panama and the United States in the Nations League semifinals.

The Reggae Boyz ahead of the crucial Concacaf Nations League quarter-final clash against Canada at the BMO Field in Toronto on Tuesday, November 21. Jamaica won the match 3-2 to secure a 4-4 score on aggregate. The Reggae Boyz advanced by virtue of having more away goals. (Image: The Jamaica Football Federation)

SHARE:

 
PREVIOUS
WI Academy Win 3 Match Limited Overs Series Against Ireland
NEXT
Clarendon College Advance to Champions Cup Semis
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Wayne Walker

Sports Reporter/Presenter/Commentator for years. Worked as main anchor for World Athletics at five World Relays , three Olympic Games and five World senior championships. Dabbled into acting, appeared in local television sitcom Royal Palm Estate for two seasons.

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.

Do not sell my personal information.
Cookie Settings
Accept
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nationwideradiojm.com/reggae-boyz-create-history-in-canada-to-book-copa-america-spot/ 
 ----- 
