AFG vs NZ
Summary
Scorecard
Report
Commentary
Table
News
Videos
Photos
ABANDONED
21st Match, Group 1 (N), Melbourne, October 26, 2022, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Afghanistan
New Zealand

Match abandoned without a ball bowled

Summary
Scorecard
Report
Commentary
Table
News
Videos
Photos
3:30
What have we learnt from this World Cup so far?
5:24
Moody - 'Afghanistan batters need to trust their technique a bit more'
0:57
Nabi - 'Have learned a lot from the opening game and hope we deliver'
1:44
Boult - 'Win against Australia one of my proudest moments'
3:30
Afghanistan, New Zealand split points in rainy Melbourne

New Zealand continue to top tight Group 1, but Afghanistan bringing up the rear

Oct 26, 2022
Match Centre 
Scores: @Thilak_Rama

9.25 pm The match has been officially abandoned.

Well, the MCG had 11,369 people. Not sure how many of them actually stayed until the plug was pulled. But we appreciate all of you who have stuck around, even if there was no cricket to relay. Come back tomorrow for a scheduled tripleheader. Until then, take care!

8.55 pm Another follow-up bulletin from Alex Malcolm. The covers are back on again because the rain is coming down hard once more at the MCG.

8.42 pm Alex Malcolm says that the covers are being removed ahead of the scheduled inspection at 9.00 pm, but that more rain is on the way.

8.30 pm Our man down under Alex Malcolm is reporting that more rain is on the way. Prospect of a match is looking pretty grim at this stage. However, an inspection is scheduled for 9.00 pm. Read into that what you will.

8.05 pm We're now officially losing overs. Covers have come off. An inspection is due at 8.20 pm. Check that... covers being rushed back on as the rain has returned.

7.50 pm With no toss in sight, we're approaching the time where the match will begin to lose overs.

7.15 pm Covers are still on the field as the rain continues to hammer down at the MCG. If it keeps going at this rate, we'll have overs deducted.

Tim: "Don't like this idea of playing two games at the same ground. The second game seems to be delayed most of the time without weather interference as it is but if rain does affect the first game, the second is immediately under pressure from over reductions not to mention the threat of further delays."

6.52 pm More rain has halted the England chase. Enough to make it likely that they won't get back on the field before the official cutoff time. It also means that the start to Afghanistan v New Zealand will be further pushed back. It's now official. Ireland have beaten England by five runs on DLS.

6.30 pm England are only beginning their 13th over of the chase now. So we won't just have a delayed toss but a delayed start to Afghanistan v New Zealand as well because ICC rules stipulate a minimum of 30 minutes between matches played on the same ground at the tournament.

6.05 pm Good evening and welcome to ESPNcricinfo's live coverage of the second half of today's doubleheader from the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup as Afghanistan take on New Zealand at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. I'm Peter Della Penna and will be joined a bit later by Shashank Kishore. This match is going to be a bit delayed due to the spillover from the England v Ireland match after rain delayed the Ireland innings earlier in the day.

But what that delay does mean is that you all have a great opportunity to check out Crictos digital collectibles by FanCraze. Through this tournament, we're picking the best moments from the games with our video experts in a daily show. And if you want to actually own a piece of those moments, they are available as digital memorabilia on FanCraze, ESPNcricinfo's digital collectible partners. On FanCraze, you can pre-buy iconic moments from each match of the World Cup called the Crictos of the Game.

READ FULL COMMENTARY
Playing XI
AFG
NZ
Player
Role
Mohammad Nabi (c)
	Allrounder

Najibullah Zadran 
	Middle order Batter

Fareed Ahmad 
	Bowler

Usman Ghani 
	Opening Batter

Naveen-ul-Haq 
	Bowler

Hazratullah Zazai 
	Opening Batter

Rashid Khan 
	Bowling Allrounder

Azmatullah Omarzai 
	Allrounder

Darwish Rasooli 
	Top order Batter

Qais Ahmad 
	Bowler

Ibrahim Zadran 
	Opening Batter

Rahmanullah Gurbaz 
	Wicketkeeper Batter

Mujeeb Ur Rahman 
	Bowler

Fazalhaq Farooqi 
	Bowler

Mohammad Saleem 
	Bowler
Match details
Melbourne Cricket Ground

Toss	no toss
Series	
ICC Men's T20 World Cup

Season	
2022/23

Match number	
T20I no. 001846a

Match days	26 October 2022 - night (20-over match)
Umpires	
Kumar Dharmasena
Paul Wilson

TV Umpire	
Adrian Holdstock

Reserve Umpire	
Paul Reiffel

Match Referee	
Ranjan Madugalle

Points	Afghanistan 1, New Zealand 1
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Interest-Based Ads
|
EU Privacy Rights
|
Cookie Policy
|
Feedback
|
Manage Privacy Preferences
|
© 2025 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved
Home
Matches
Series
Videos
News
 

Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 873 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/icc-men-s-t20-world-cup-2022-23-1298134/afghanistan-vs-new-zealand-21st-match-group-1-1298155/live-cricket-score 
 ----- 
