Business Today
BT Bazaar
India Today
Northeast
India Today Gaming
Cosmopolitan
Harper's Bazaar
Brides Today
Ishq FM
Aaj Tak
GNTTV
iChowk
Kisan Tak
Lallantop
Malyalam
Bangla
Sports Tak
Crime Tak
Aajtak Campus
Astro tak
Subscribe
News
TRENDING
World
India vs Netherlands: Rain might play a spoilsport during T20 World Cup match

Feedback

India vs Netherlands: Rain might play a spoilsport during T20 World Cup match
The upcoming match is predicted to be a tough one for the Netherlands as the Men in Blue are in good form and upbeat after their Sunday match against arch-rival Pakistan.
Basudha Das
Updated Oct 26, 2022, 5:56 PM IST
India vs Netherlands T20 match will be played at Sydney Cricket Ground on October 27 at 12:30 PM (IST). Pic: BCCI

After winning a spectacular match against arch-rival Pakistan on Sunday, Team India will take on the Netherlands in their next T20 World Cup 2022 clash on October 27 at Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG). The upcoming match is predicted to be a tough one for the Netherlands as the Men in Blue are in good form and upbeat after their Sunday match.  

Rains have played a spoiled sport for the matches in Melbourne so far, and many matches have seen surprise outcomes after being decided by the Duckworth-Lewis(D/L) method. Like Ireland surprisingly won against Team England after their match was washed out due to incessant rains. Similarly, the T20 World Cup match between South Africa and Zimbabwe was called off after multiple rain interruptions on Monday. The match between New Zealand and Afghanistan was also cancelled due to heavy rainfall in Melbourne. 

Focus on India vs Netherlands match 

As per Accuweather’s forecast, there are very little chances of rain in Sydney in contrast to Melbourne. However, it added that the weather conditions might change swiftly.  Accuweather has said that the day can be pleasant and warm. But there is a 51% forecast of rainfall at the start time of the first match, i.e., 02:00 PM (local time). 

Some other weather reports have said that Sydney is expected to get heavy rainfall for a few hours ahead of the match which might interrupt the match or perhaps delay it, as per news reports.  

India vs Netherlands: Match details 

Date & Time: Thursday, October 27 at 12:30 PM (IST) 

Venue: Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG), Sydney 

Hello Sydney 👋

We are here for our 2⃣nd game of the #T20WorldCup! 👏 👏#TeamIndia pic.twitter.com/96toEZzvqe

— BCCI (@BCCI) October 25, 2022

Team India squad 

After a thrilling four-wicket win over Pakistan at the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground, Team India will play Netherlands with Rohit Sharma as the captain and KL Rahul as the vice-captain. Others in the team are Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik, Axar Patel, R Ashwin, Yuzvendra Chahal, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh, Deepak Hooda, Harshal Patel, and Rishabh Pant. 

SPOTLIGHT

US startup CTO's Green Card application rejected citing job at Apple as reason, but he 'NEVER worked at Apple!'

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 21: It's a Merry Christmas for Allu Arjun's film! Sukumar-directorial tops ₹1,100 crore in India

'Not a bottle of wine but entire vineyard...': Sukesh Chandrashekhar's Christmas gift to Jacqueline from Tihar Jail goes viral

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 23: Allu Arjun starter all set to reach Rs 2,000 cr mark, but 4th Friday collection see a massive...

'Ultra-processed garbage...': Doctor calls out Zomato, Swiggy, Zepto on 10-minute food deliveries

'14 years of experience, I decided to sacrifice...': Mumbai graphic designer turns auto driver after job market struggles

Adani Enterprises shares: What Ventura says on Adani Wilmar JV exit, target price

'Biwi bhaag jayegi': Gautam Adani claps back at Narayana Murthy over 70-hour work week debate

Published on: Oct 26, 2022, 5:56 PM IST
IN THIS STORY
#Team India
#Netherlands
#Men in Blue
#Sydney Cricket Ground
#Rohit Sharma
#KL Rahul
#Virat Kohli
Follow Us on
Channel
 TOP STORIES
Bharti Airtel shares: After 57% rally in 2024, can the telco stock continue winning run this year?
Easy Trip Planners' CEO Nishant Pitti resigns, CFO Rikant will join as replacement
ITC, HDFC Bank, RIL, M&M: Nifty stocks to consider in 2025
PPF, Senior Citizens Savings Scheme, Sukanya Samridhhi Yojana: Check interest rates for these small saving schemes in Q4 FY25
Jhunjhunwala stock to buy in 2025: MOFSL sees 20% upside on this Rs 4,700 crore RJ bet
 TOP VIDEOS
1:57
SBI Chairman CS Setty: India’s Economy On Track For 6.5% Growth
2:15
Happy New Year, Happy New Investment! | Top Sectors For 2025: Infra, Healthcare, & Defence
4:04
Backlash Against H-1B Visas In US, Elon Musk Forced To Call For Higher Salaries
1:28
Budget 2025: Why Midcaps, IT, Pharma, And Green Energy Stocks Could Outperform
3:28
Swinging Start To Royal Ranthambore BT Golf Silver Jubilee Tournament
India's defence story remains intact; HAL, Mazagon, BEL among top picks for 2025
ITC shares at Rs 500, ITC Hotels stock at Rs 150-175? What analysts say
Bharti Airtel shares: After 57% rally in 2024, can the telco stock continue winning run this year?
SJVN shares jumped 8% on signing MoU to develop pumped storage projects
Citichem India IPO: SME with 9 employees draw bids for Rs 5,000 cr; check allotment status, GMP
   
 
Economy Corporate Markets
Trending Magazine COVID-19
Infra Pharma Real Estate
Stocks Auto World
Education Jobs Lifestyle
About us Contact us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Partners Press Releases
Design Partner 
 

Copyright©2024 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today

Home

Market

BT TV

Reels

Menu

'Infosys thinks it's in real estate business': BJP leader slams IT firm for no job, Mohandas Pai responds

MOST READ

Maharashtra: Man gives triple talaq to wife after she refuses to sleep with his boss, case filed

MOST READ

'Not a bottle of wine but entire vineyard...': Sukesh Chandrashekhar's Christmas gift to Jacqueline from Tihar Jail goes viral

MOST READ

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 23: Allu Arjun starter all set to reach Rs 2,000 cr mark, but 4th Friday collection see a massive...

MOST READ

'Koi bhi mat aana Manali aur Solang': Social media user warns tourists after heavy snowfall leaves 2,000 vehicles stuck

TRENDING

Happy New Year 2025 wishes in advance: 100+ New Year Eve WhatsApp messages, wishes, quotes, greetings to send your loved ones

TRENDING

'DMK worried he could...': BJP's Annamalai on Thalapathy Vijay's move to float TVK ahead of Tamil Nadu polls

TRENDING

Happy New Year 2025 wishes: 100+ wishes, quotes, WhatsApp messages, greetings to share with your loved ones

TRENDING

Adani Enterprises shares: What Ventura says on Adani Wilmar JV exit, target price

TRENDING

'Biwi bhaag jayegi': Gautam Adani claps back at Narayana Murthy over 70-hour work week debate

TRENDING
businesstoday.in asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesstoday.in/trending/world/story/india-vs-netherlands-rain-might-play-a-spoilsport-during-t20-world-cup-match-350864-2022-10-26 
 ----- 
