Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Loved every second of it': Corbin reflects on legacy with Nats
Share
'Loved every second of it': Corbin reflects on legacy with Nats
In possible final start for Washington, veteran lefty gets standing ovation after 5 1/3 IP
September 26th, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

WASHINGTON -- Manager Dave Martinez has emphasized five words over the years when speaking about starting left-hander Patrick Corbin: “We don’t win without him.”

Martinez, of course, is referring to the 2019 World Series. On that historic run, Corbin notably grinded it out on the mound and pitched three innings out of the bullpen in Game 7 to capture the Nats’ first championship.

Five seasons later, Corbin made the final start of his six-year, $140 million contract with the Nationals on Thursday. The 35-year-old is likely closing his chapter in Washington, D.C., as the team develops its young rotation.

“The last six years have gone by fairly quick, looking back now,” Corbin said. “I enjoyed every second of it, don’t regret anything, enjoyed my time here. Obviously, to win a World Series, start a family and get to meet all you guys, it was great. … Probably these last couple days, maybe say some goodbyes to people that I haven’t really got to talk to as much. I wouldn’t take anything back. It’s been great, learned a lot -- highs and lows -- but loved every second of it.”

Corbin threw 5 1/3 innings in the Nationals’ 7-4 matinee loss to the Royals. He allowed four runs off six hits, including a home run, one walk and three strikeouts across 73 pitches (49 strikes). In Corbin’s last at-bat, he got Freddy Fermin to fly out to right fielder Dylan Crews on a slider.

Martinez approached the mound, and the crowd knowingly rose to its feet. Corbin tipped his cap to the fans as he approached the steps to the dugout he had called home.

“It was cool,” Corbin said. “Half my career, I’ve been here. I got to experience a lot with the fans, and they’ve supported us throughout the years that I’ve been here. So nothing but love toward them, and that was really special.”

Corbin enters free agency having gone 47-77 with a 5.11 ERA across 170 starts with the Nationals from 2019-24. The stats depict his struggles since ‘20: Over the past five seasons, Corbin leads all pitchers in hits allowed (905), earned runs (465) and losses (70).

Related
García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

4:07 AM UTC

INF Rosario inks one-year deal with Nationals

January 8th, 2025

Bell looks to make noise as the DH in DC

January 8th, 2025

Nats bullpen taxed following another short start

August 17th, 2024

Corbin keeps moving, delivers bounceback start vs. Giants

August 6th, 2024

Corbin weathers delay with 7 strong frames, but Nats get no-hit

July 25th, 2024

Corbin, though, pitched 946 2/3 innings to preserve an often-taxed Nationals bullpen. He is the only Major League pitcher to make 30 starts in seven seasons since 2017 (not including the abbreviated ‘20 season).

“Forget about the wins and losses,” Martinez said. “He went out there and competed and kept us in a lot of ballgames. I can go back and look at games where we made maybe an error behind him or didn't quite get the hits that we needed for him, but he never complained. He just kept going out there. Got to love it.”

Corbin concludes his 12th Major League season 103-131 with a 4.51 ERA. This year, he earned his 100th career win on Aug. 22 against the Rockies.

“I’m really proud of him because there have been a lot of guys out there who have gone through what he went through and probably would have shut it down; he didn’t,” Martinez said. “Every five days, he took the ball and he was out there. I’m very proud of him, and whatever happens, I enjoyed my time with him. I know we’ll always stay close. His family’s amazing. I’m so happy that I was able to be a part of his career.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Corbin has been a veteran leader in a Nationals clubhouse that saw 10 Major League debuts this season. He set an example for others to follow as the team continues to develop. The Nationals are expected to return a young starting rotation of left-handers DJ Herz and MacKenzie Gore and right-handers Jake Irvin and Mitchell Parker next season, with right-handers Cade Cavalli (their No. 8 prospect) and Josiah Gray recovering from Tommy John surgery.

“I would say that he is the most generous person I’ve ever met in my life, I think I can safely say that,” said closer Kyle Finnegan, 33, who is completing his fifth season. “What he does in this clubhouse, bringing his teammates together, he’s always the first to put a dinner together or team events and things like that. He shows you and your teammates that this game is meant to be fun. Regardless of what happens on the field -- good or bad -- we’re in this together.”

Over the next three days, Corbin will take the time to reflect and let the last six years sink in before the end of the season. He will head into the winter looking forward to where his career takes him next.

“I’m excited to see what happens,” Corbin said. “We have another baby on the way, so that’s going to be awesome. I think good times [are] ahead. I still feel good and capable that I can go out there and pitch.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Patrick Corbin

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/patrick-corbin-makes-possible-final-start-for-nationals 
 ----- 
