Skip to content
27°
Springfield, MO
News
Weather
Sports
Ozarks Sports Zone
On Your Side
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
6 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Frazier's pinch-hit, two-run single lifts the Royals to a series sweep of the Nationals
Kansas City Royals catcher Freddy Fermin, left, and relief pitcher Lucas Erceg (60) celebrate after a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024, in Washington. The Royals won 7-4. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)(Nick Wass | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 26, 2024 at 9:29 PM UTC

WASHINGTON (AP) — The Kansas City Royals completed a series sweep with a 7-4 victory over the Washington Nationals on Thursday afternoon.

Pinch hitter Adam Frazier’s one-out, line drive base hit to left field in the top of the ninth drove in two runs, breaking a 4-4 tie and guiding the Royals to their third straight win following a seven-game losing streak.

“It doesn’t surprise me, to be honest,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. “I like to brag on these guys because they’re so professional. They are so matter of fact, turn the page from good or bad. They don’t feel sorry for themselves when they’re getting beat, and they don’t get too high when you’re winning. Hopefully, they have more to celebrate, but it doesn’t surprise me.”

Salvador Perez’s second single of the game scored Frazier, chasing Nationals closer Kyle Finnegan (3-8).

“Get a ball to the outfield somehow,” Frazier said of his approach. “I know he’s got the lively heater and the splitter so just get a ball to the outfield. When I hit it I thought it might be foul and I heard everybody cheer so I figured it was good. That works for sure.”

Hunter Renfroe hit his 14th homer of the season to open the scoring, a 424-foot shot that left the park at 108.4 mph. The Royals stay even with the Tigers for the second AL Wild Card spot.

Kris Bubic (1-1) earned the win with a scoreless eighth inning. Royals closer Lucas Erceg recorded his third consecutive save in the series — and 14th of the season — with a shutdown ninth inning.

“It’s my first time doing that,” Erceg said. “Felt good when I was out there. A little tired now, but it’s just cool to have that experience. Now that I have done it moving forward, if the situation calls for me to go three in a row again, I have it in the back of my head that I’ve done it before, I can do it again.”

Erceg and teammate Angel Zerpa each tossed scoreless innings of relief in all three wins as the bullpen took center stage. Royals hurlers held the Nationals without a run in 25 of the 27 innings.

“Selflessness, professionalism, it’s one of those things that these guys understand,” Quatraro said of his bullpen. “We came this far. We know what’s at stake. It is a lot to ask of them, going three days in a row, but they’ve been so efficient.”

Starter Michael Wacha pitched five innings, allowing four runs (three earned) and five hits, striking out two and walking one on 83 pitches, 58 for strikes.

In Nationals left-hander Patrick Corbin’s final start for the team, the Royals went ahead thanks to five consecutive singles in the third. Tommy Pham, Bobby Witt Jr. and Yuli Gurriel dropped in RBI singles, lifting the Royals to a 4-1 lead.

Nationals second baseman Luis Garcia Jr. hit a three-run homer over the center field wall to tie the game at 4-4, his 17th of the season.

The Nationals ended a franchise record second longest scoring drought at 31 consecutive innings with an unearned run in the first inning. Dylan Crews came around to score their first run since Sept. 21 at Wrigley Field after a dropped infield pop fly by second baseman Maikel Garcia.

Corbin departed to a standing ovation and tipped his cap to the crowd before stepping into the home dugout and receiving high fives from the coaching staff. The 35-year-old pitcher recorded 5 1/3 innings, allowing four runs on six hits with one walk and three strikeouts on 73 pitches, 49 for strikes.

Corbin becomes a free agent this winter when his six-year, $240 million contract expires. The two-time All-Star’s signature moment came in Game 7 of the 2019 World Series when he tossed three scoreless innings in relief to earn the series-clinching victory for the Nationals in Houston, but has struggled the last four seasons, compiling 63 losses — the worst in the National League.

“This last six years have gone by fairly quick looking back now but enjoyed every second of it, don’t regret anything,” Corbin said. “Enjoyed my time here and obviously to win a World Series, start a family and get to meet all you guys, so it was great.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Royals: RHP Michael Lorenzen left his start Wednesday night after 2 1/3 innings with left leg fatigue but appears on target to pitch out of the bullpen this weekend against the Braves.

“He was just a little fatigued,” Quatraro said. “We just need to alter what he does now that he is not pitching and prioritize making sure that he’s out there when we need him. It’s about the next time he takes the mound.”

Quatraro said LHP Will Smith (15-day IL, back spasms) is scheduled to throw a live bullpen session Saturday.

UP NEXT

Royals: RHP Brady Singer (9-12, 3.73 ERA) takes on Braves LHP Max Fried (10-10, 3.42) Friday night at Truist Park.

Nationals: RHP Trevor Williams (5-1, 2.19) faces the Phillies LHP Ranger Suárez (12-7, 3.15) Friday night at Nationals Park.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.

Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.

First Alert Weather: Winter Storm Warning issued for northern Arkans...
Douglas County, Mo. employees receive much-needed pay raises aft...
GoodRx
|
Sponsored by Taboola
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
How snow days and AMI days are shaping school closures across the...
AT&T employee accused of adding unwanted lines to customer accoun...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Seniors in North Charleston: Big Debt Relief (See How)
Finance Advisors
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most...
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based O...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the...
Car Insurance Plans | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situa...
Historical Strategy Game
|
Sponsored
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US military interventi...
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situa...
History Strategy Game
|
Sponsored
Play Now
Latest News
Behind the scene playoff drama
 Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
O-Zone: SPS AD Josh Scott talks new additions to Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Link Academy HC Chad Myers talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Central HC Jordan Epps talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Parkview HC Jack Simpson talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
Jets interview Chiefs' Nagy and Borgonzi and Eagles' Halaby for vacancies
News
Weather
Sports
About KY3
KY3
999 West Sunshine Street
Springfield, MO 65807
(417) 268-3000
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File
publicfile@ky3.com - (417) 268-3000
FCC Applications
Advertising
Closed Captioning or Audio Description
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ky3.com/2024/09/26/fraziers-pinch-hit-two-run-single-lifts-royals-series-sweep-nationals/ 
 ----- 
