 MENU
My Picks
Kansas City Royals vs Washington Nationals Prediction MLB Picks 9/26/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 25, 2024 11:31 pm
Washington Nationals (69-89) vs Kansas City Royals (84-74)
Game Info: Thursday, September 26, 2024 at 1:05 pm (Nationals Park)
Patrick Corbin (6-13) (5.58) vs Michael Wacha (13-8) (3.28)
Betting Odds: Washington Nationals +145 / Kansas City Royals -175 --- Over/Under: 8.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article, we will formulate a Kansas City Royals vs Washington Nationals prediction for this MLB game on Thursday, September 26th at Nationals Park in Washington, DC. To formulate this prediction for game three in the series, we will examine:

The Royals' recent form and recent player performance 
The Nationals' recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Kansas City
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Washington 
Recent betting trends in games played between Kansas City and Washington 
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Kansas City and Washington 
Kansas City Royals Betting Preview

The Kansas City Royals are 84-74 this year and they have won two games in a row. Kansas City has won the first two games in this series by scores of 1-0 and 3-0. Prior to this series, the Royals lost all three against the Giants, lost all three against the Tigers, and won two out of three against the Pirates. Kansas City is 2-7 in their last nine games and they are tied for second in the AL Central. 

The Kansas City pitching staff has a 3.80 ERA, a 1.25 WHIP, and a .242 opponent batting average. The Royals offense has scored 723 runs with a .250 batting average and a .308 on-base percentage. Bobby Witt is batting .333 with 32 home runs and 108 RBI’s for the Royals this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Washington Nationals Betting Preview

The Washington Nationals are 69-89 this season and they have lost three games in a row. Washington has dropped the first two games in this series and they have failed to score a run in either game. Prior to this series, the Nationals lost three out of four against the Cubs, lost all three against the Mets, and won three out of four against the Marlins. Washington is 1-8 in their last nine games and they are fourth in the NL East. 

The Washington pitching staff has a 4.30 ERA, a 1.33 WHIP, and a .259 opponent batting average. The Nationals' offense has scored 638 runs with a .241 batting average and a .308 on-base percentage. Luis Garcia is batting .278 with 16 home runs and 65 RBI’s for the Nationals this season.

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Kansas City is Michael Wacha, who is 13-8 with a 3.28 ERA and a 1.19 WHIP over 161.2 innings pitched this season. Wacha has allowed two earned runs or fewer in four straight starts. The projected starting pitcher for Washington is Patrick Corbin, who is 6-13 with a 5.58 ERA and a 1.51 WHIP over 169.1 innings pitched this year. Corbin has allowed at least five earned runs in two of his last three starts but has been brilliant in his last two starts at home. 

Why the Royals will beat the Nationals
The Royals have won 10 of their last 11 road games against National League opponents.
The Nationals have lost eight of their last nine games against teams that held a winning record.
The Royals have covered the run line in each of their last eight road games against National League opponents following a win.
The Nationals have failed to cover the run line in five of their last six-day games following a home loss.
Total Runs Facts
Each of the Nationals' last six games against American League opponents has gone UNDER the total runs line.
Seven of the Royals' last eight games as road favorites have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Nationals' last six-day games at Nationals Park.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Royals' last three games as favorites against NL East opponents.
Washington Nationals Player Prop Facts
Joey Gallo has hit at least one home run in seven of his last 19 home appearances against the Royals after playing the previous day.
Jacob Young has recorded a Single in each of his last four appearances in day games.
Patrick Corbin has recorded four or more strikeouts in each of his last six appearances.
Patrick Corbin has recorded a win in each of his last three appearances at Nationals Park.
Joey Meneses has recorded at least one RBI in eight of his last 10 appearances against AL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Joey Meneses has scored a run in four of his last five appearances against AL Central opponents at Nationals Park.
Joey Meneses has recorded two hits in four of his last five appearances at Nationals Park against AL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Joey Meneses has recorded two or more total bases in each of his last five appearances at Nationals Park against AL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Joey Meneses has recorded at least one Double in three of his last four appearances with the Nationals as underdogs against AL Central opponents.
Kansas City Royals Player Prop Facts
Salvador Perez has recorded a Double in three of the Royals' last four-day games against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Kyle Isbel has scored at least one run in six of the Royals' last seven road games.
Michael Wacha has recorded seven or more strikeouts in three of his last four appearances in day games.
Michael Wacha has recorded a win in each of his last three road appearances against NL opponents.
Tommy Pham has recorded a Single in each of his last six appearances with his team as a favorite against NL East opponents.
Paul DeJong has hit a home run in three of his last five road appearances against the Nationals.
Vinnie Pasquantino has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last five road appearances against NL opponents.
Vinnie Pasquantino has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 13 road appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Vinnie Pasquantino has recorded at least one total base in each of his last 13 road appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Kansas City Royals vs Washington Nationals Prediction 

Washington comes into this game trying to avoid being swept, but they are looking for their first run in the last three games. The Nationals are 36-41 at home this season, while the Royals are 39-38 on the road. Kansas City has picked up two huge wins in a row to snap their losing streak and they are still in the second Wild Card spot. The Royals have a huge pitching advantage in this game with Wacha on the mound and I like them to win by at least two runs. 

David’s Pick
Royals -1.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-26/kansas-city-royals-vs-washington-nationals-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
