MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Gallen strikes out 11, Diamondbacks end 3-game slide with 8-2 win over Giants
Updated Sep. 26, 2024 5:38 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PHOENIX (AP) — Zac Gallen struck out 11 in six innings, pinch hitter Pavin Smith hit a three-run homer and the Arizona Diamondbacks ended a three-game losing streak with an 8-2 win over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night.

Arizona needed a rebound after a losing streak that included a blown eight-run lead in a loss to Milwaukee and Tuesday's lackluster 11-0 loss to the Giants.

The Diamondbacks responded behind a strong performance from their ace and are .001 behind the New York Mets for the second of three National League wild cards, a game ahead of Atlanta. The Braves and Mets had to postpone the final two games of their series until a Monday doubleheader due to Hurricane Helene.

“These matter big-time, I think we had to prove to ourselves to get back on track,” Diamondbacks first baseman Christian Walker said. “We had to find a little confidence, a little swagger.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Gallen gave it to them.

The right-hander gave up a run-scoring double to Tyler Fitzgerald in the second inning, but shut the Giants down after that. Gallen (14-6) retired 12 straight starting in the second inning and struck out the side in the fifth.

“That's probably the best I've felt in a while,” said Gallen, who allowed a run on two hits with two walks to win his fifth straight decision. “Everything seemed to work, for the most part, and executed a good game plan.”

Arizona's offense also came back to life after Tuesday's letdown, chasing Giants starter Mason Black (1-5) by the third inning. Gabriel Moreno had two RBIs and Smith put the game out of reach in the eighth by splashing a homer into the pool in right-center.

The Giants didn't put up much of a fight a night after blowing the Diamondbacks out, striking out 17 times to end a 7-1 run against playoff contenders.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

“We've got to put it in play a little bit more,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said.

Black earned first big league victory by tossing 5 2/3 scoreless innings against Kansas City last Friday.

He wasn't nearly as sharp against the Diamondbacks.

Fighting control issues, Black gave up run-scoring singles by Lourdes Gurriel Jr. and Moreno in the second inning, before Corbin Carroll added a sacrifice fly. Black walked three in the third inning, including Moreno with the bases loaded, to put Arizona up 4-1.

Black allowed four runs on five hits with five walks in 2 2/3 innings.

“Walks always kill,” Black said. “Mechanically, I just felt out of synch out there.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Diamondbacks: RHP Paul Sewald threw a short bullpen session as he works his way back from a neck/shoulder issue.

UP NEXT

Giants: San Francisco has not named a starter for Friday's opener of a three-game series against St. Louis.

Diamondbacks: Arizona has yet to name a starter for the opener of a three-game series against San Diego on Friday.

___

This story has been updated to correct the name Arizona pinch hitter to Pavin Smith, instead of Gavin.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
San Francisco Giants
Zac Gallen
Arizona Diamondbacks
Christian Walker
Pavin Smith
Zac Gallen
New York Mets
San Francisco Giants
Arizona Diamondbacks
MLB - San Francisco Giants vs. Arizona Diamondbacks - 09/26/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/gallen-strikes-out-11-diamondbacks-end-3game-slide-with-82-win-over-giants 
 ----- 
