Skip to main content
 Login/Register
Newsletter Signups
Home
News
Sports
Features
Obits
Classifieds/Advertising
Events
Opinion
Subscriber
Contests
ETX View
Site search
Weather Alert
Winter Weather Advisory until FRI 12:00 PM CST
River Flood Warning is in effect
River Flood Warning from FRI 10:12 AM CST until TUE 12:00 AM CST
MLB roundup: Phillies top Cubs, clinch first-round bye
Field Level Media Sep 26, 2024 Updated Sep 26, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Sep 25, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Brandon Marsh (16) is showered by second baseman Bryson Stott (5) after the game against the Chicago Cubs at Citizens Bank Park. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Ross-Imagn Images

Kyle Ross-Imagn Images
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Brandon Marsh hit a three-run double, Nick Castellanos and Bryson Stott each collected three hits, and the Philadelphia Phillies topped the visiting Chicago Cubs 9-6 on Wednesday. Castellanos, Trea Turner and Kody Clemens homered for Philadelphia (94-65), which clinched a first-round bye in the National League playoffs with their win combined with the Milwaukee Brewers' loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Phillies remain a half-game behind the Los Angeles Dodgers (94-64) in the race for the NL's top seed after the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 4-3 later Wednesday. Philadelphia wrapped up its home schedule with a major league-best 54-27 home record despite impressive performances from Chicago's Isaac Paredes and Nico Hoerner. Paredes went 4-for-5 for the Cubs (81-78), while Hoerner hit a pair of home runs -- his sixth and seventh of the campaign. Dodgers 4, Padres 3 Shohei Ohtani drove in two runs, including a go-ahead RBI single in the sixth inning, as Los Angeles moved to the cusp of another National League West title after a victory over visiting San Diego. Teoscar Hernandez and Gavin Lux each drove in a run as the Dodgers moved three games ahead of the Padres and reduced their magic number for their 11th division title in 12 seasons to two. The Dodgers can win the West with a victory over the Padres on Thursday. Alex Vesia (5-4) pitched an inning to earn the win and Michael Kopech handled the ninth for his 15th save. Fernando Tatis Jr. homered for the Padres. Jeremiah Estrada (6-3) allowed a run in two-thirds of an inning. Tigers 7, Rays 1 Spencer Torkelson homered and drove in three runs and red-hot Detroit moved closer to an American League wild-card berth with a win over visiting Tampa Bay. Parker Meadows had three hits, including a solo homer, as Detroit won for the eighth time in nine games. Riley Greene and Dillon Dingler each added two hits and an RBI. Detroit starter Keider Montero gave up one run and four hits in 2 2/3 innings. Tampa Bay had yielded three runs or fewer in eight consecutive games prior to Wednesday. Zack Littell gave up three runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings. Blue Jays 6, Red Sox 1 Jonatan Clase collected three hits, including his first career major league home run, as Toronto defeated visiting Boston. Alejandro Kirk added three hits and three RBIs for the Blue Jays, who ended a five-game losing streak and prevented a three-game sweep. The Red Sox had their four-game winning streak end and saw their faint playoff hopes vanish. Toronto right-hander Kevin Gausman (14-11) allowed one run, four hits and three walks while striking out three in six innings. Boston right-hander Richard Fitts (0-1) gave up four runs, six hits and two walks with two strikeouts in five innings. Diamondbacks 8, Giants 2 Zac Gallen struck out a season-best 11 in six innings and pinch hitter Pavin Smith slugged a three-run homer to help Arizona record a victory over San Francisco at Phoenix. Gallen (14-6) gave up one run, two hits and two walks while winning his fifth consecutive decision. Arizona ended a three-game losing streak and moved one percentage point behind the New York Mets in the battle for the National League's second and third wild-card spots. Geraldo Perdomo had two hits and a walk for the Diamondbacks. Heliot Ramos had two hits and an RBI for the Giants, who had a season-best five-game winning streak halted. San Francisco's Mason Black (1-5) gave up four runs and five hits over 2 2/3 innings. Orioles 9, Yankees 7 Gunnar Henderson collected three hits and Colton Cowser drove in three runs as visiting Baltimore hung on for a victory over New York, which was unable to clinch the American League East for the second straight night. A night after clinching a playoff berth, Baltimore has a magic number of one to seal the top AL wild card. Henderson led off the game with an infield single as the Orioles scored three times and had six hits in the first inning against New York emergency starter Marcus Stroman. The Orioles finished with 17 hits and went 8-for-16 with runners in scoring position. New York saw its magic number for clinching a second division title in three seasons remain at one. Juan Soto slugged a two-run homer in the fifth. Aaron Judge homered for the fourth straight game to up his major-league-leading total to 57. Mariners 8, Astros 1 George Kirby pitched six strong innings, Julio Rodriguez joined the 20-20 club and Seattle kept pace in the playoff race with a win in Houston in the decisive game of a three-game series. Seattle remained 2 1/2 games behind the final two American League wild-card spots after the Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers both won later Wednesday. The Minnesota Twins also posted a victory on Wednesday, and they are just two games back of Kansas City and Detroit. Astros rookie Shay Whitcomb committed four errors after replacing veteran Alex Bregman at third base in the fourth inning. Bregman, an impending free agent for Houston (86-73), was pulled from his potential last regular-season home game and received a nice ovation as he exited. Guardians 5, Reds 2 Jose Ramirez hit a tiebreaking three-run homer in the eighth inning and Cleveland beat visiting Cincinnati to complete a two-game sweep. Four Guardians pitchers retired the first 18 Reds batters. Cleveland's Hunter Gaddis (6-3) blew a lead in the top of the eighth but earned the win. Emilio Pagan (4-5) served up Ramirez's homer. Cincinnati failed to score after loading the bases with no outs in the ninth against Guardians closer Emmanuel Clase, who recorded his franchise-record 47th save. Royals 3, Nationals 0 Robbie Grossman supplied a two-run single, and visiting Kansas City survived the early departure of starter Michael Lorenzen to beat Washington. Michael Massey and Salvador Perez had two hits each for the Royals, who remain tied with the Detroit Tigers for the second and third American League wild cards. Lorenzen exited after 2 1/3 innings due to leg fatigue that he hopes is minor. Daniel Lynch IV (2-0) tossed 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win as six Royals pitchers combined on the two-hit shutout. Lucas Erceg pitched the ninth for his 13th save. Pirates 2, Brewers 1 Luis L. Ortiz allowed one run on four hits over seven innings and Liover Peguero drove in two runs in his season debut to lead host Pittsburgh past Milwaukee. Peguero, who played a combined 60 games with Pittsburgh in 2022 and ‘23, had a two-run double while Isiah Kiner-Falefa had two hits for Pittsburgh. Those were the Pirates' only three hits. Jake Bauers hit a home run for Milwaukee, which had a two-game winning streak snapped. The Brewers were eliminated from contention for the National League's two first-round playoff byes. They will be the No. 3 seed in the NL playoffs and will host a wild-card series next week. White Sox 4, Angels 3 (10 innings) Andrew Benintendi's RBI single in the 10th inning led host Chicago to a victory over Los Angeles as the White Sox averted a modern major-league-record 121st loss in a season for the second straight day. Jose Quijada (2-1) struck out Luis Robert Jr. to begin the 10th inning before Benintendi's single to left-center field ended the game. Jared Shuster (2-4) pitched one scoreless inning for the win. Korey Lee launched a two-run homer and Lenyn Sosa added a solo shot for the White Sox (38-120), who remained tied with the expansion 1962 New York Mets for the most single-season losses since 1901. Twins 8, Marlins 3 Carlos Santana hit a three-run double to cap a five-run seventh inning and Minnesota pulled away from Miami in Minneapolis. The Twins (82-76) kept within two games of the final American League wild-card spot with four to play. The Marlins reached 100 losses for the fourth time in franchise history, joining teams from 1998 (108 losses), 2013 (100) and 2019 (105). Trevor Larnach went 2-for-3 with two RBIs, and Byron Buxton hit a solo home run for the hosts. Jake Burger went 2-for-5 with a double, a homer and three RBIs to lead Miami. Rangers 5, A's 1 Wyatt Langford ignited a three-run first inning with a home run and Texas turned out the lights on 57 years of night baseball at the Oakland Coliseum with a victory over the Athletics. Rangers relievers Matt Festa (6-1), Andrew Chafin and Jose Leclerc held the A's scoreless on just three hits over 5 1/3 innings. Adolis Garcia also homered for Texas. Brent Rooker had a double and a single and Lawrence Butler added a pair of singles for the A's. Brady Basso (1-1) yielded five runs on six hits in three innings. Cardinals 5, Rockies 2 Erick Fedde struck out 10 over seven strong innings, Masyn Winn tripled, doubled and scored twice and St. Louis beat Colorado in Denver. Fedde (9-9) allowed one run on six hits and a walk. Pedro Pages, Ivan Herrera and Thomas Saggese also had two hits apiece for the Cardinals. Ryan Helsley got the final two outs with one pitch for his major-league-leading 48th save. Brenton Doyle homered and Aaron Schunk, Charlie Blackmon and Nolan Jones had two hits each for the Rockies. --Field Level Media

Originally published on fieldlevelmedia.com, part of the BLOX Digital Content Exchange.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Mlb Story Roundup News
Sign Up for Newsletters
Email*
KNH Newsletter Signups
 Daily Headlines
 Breaking News
 Sports Digest
 Obituaries & Death Notices
 Deals & Promos
Please verify your request*
Submit
Route 259 - Fall 2024
Kilgore Readers' Choice Awards 2024
Kilgore Pocket Guide Spring 2024
FFA 2024
TimMarfeelContent
Our Most Popular Articles
Kilgore, Overton women to make history at Cotton Bowl
State Capital Highlights: Legislative session begins on Jan. 14
Weather-related closures announced in Gregg, Rusk counties
Snow, ice forecast for East Texas gets clearer
Winter storm watch issued in East Texas through Friday
Rusk County commissioners urged to take action after officer-involved shooting
Kilgore ISD approves 2024-2025 academic calendar
Kilgore Public Library celebrates Gingerbread House Contest winners
NWS: East Texas' winter storm chances are increasing
Forged in Kilgore: Wieland Lone Star crafts precision pieces for global aerospace
EVENTS
Most Popular from ET Varsity
LATEST E-EDITION
SECTIONS
News
Sports
Obituaries
Opinion
Celebrations
Multimedia
Online Features
SERVICES
Local Events
Promote an Event
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Submission Forms
Business Directory
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
Subscribe
KILGORE NEWS HERALD
1211 Kilgore Dr., Suite A
Henderson, TX 75652
Phone: 903-984-2593
Email: news1@kilgorenewsherald.com

Facebook
© Copyright 2025 Kilgore News Herald 1211 Kilgore Dr., Suite A, Henderson, TX  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
 
Already a print subscriber? Activate Already a member? Log in


Return to Homepage
Take advantage of our best offer and access all our great local content!
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kilgorenewsherald.com/mlb-roundup-phillies-top-cubs-clinch-first-round-bye/article_a33fec87-1bac-5b56-a9c4-218eaf148c57.html?=/&subcategory=16%7CLive+Music 
 ----- 
