Skip to Main Content
Tickets
News
Video
App
Navigation Menu
Latest News
Clutterbuck Throws Ceremonial Pitch at Mets Game 

Islanders forward participates in New York Mets Hockey Night at Citi Field

© Liz Flynn | NY Mets

By
Cory Wright
@WrightsWay NewYorkIslanders.com
September 13, 2023

Cal Clutterbuck went around the horn on Tuesday night, tossing a baseball back and forth with his daughters Harper and Willow, his son River, and a family friend.  

It sounds like it could be an ordinary late summer night on Long Island, but instead of a neighborhood diamond, the Clutterbucks were doing it big, standing on the dirt at Citi Field. 

Clutterbuck was on hand to throw out a ceremonial first pitch at the New York Mets Hockey Night, alongside New York Rangers forward Jimmy Vesey and New Jersey Devils forward Erik Haula. The Islanders forward channeled his Nuke LaLoosh and put some heat on his fastball, making sure to take advantage of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.  

“You get the same thrill that you got the first couple of times you went out and played an NHL hockey game, starting with that warm-up feeling,” Clutterbuck said, joking about how his shuffle during the anthem was a hockey habit. “It was great for my kids to be down there with me and this is probably something they’ll remember. It was a great experience and I’m very grateful for it.”

The unforgettable experience started with batting practice, as Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor autographed a baseball for Clutterbuck’s son. The Clutterbuck kids were asking their dad to toss a ball around over the summer, so playing catch was on the mind at a big-league ballpark.

“It's an opportunity that not many people get,” Clutterbuck said. “It’s a nice little family get together. They're tossing the ball around and it’s a memory that they're going to have hopefully for a long time.”

Clutterbuck exchanged jerseys with Mets pitcher Adam Ottavino, who grew up an Islanders fan in Brooklyn, which made for a fitting connection. The Islanders-Rangers-Devils combo also offered a rare ceasefire between the Tri-State rivals, with Clutterbuck tossing a ball with Haula to get warmed up before the first pitch. Clutterbuck said he also spent some time at Munsey Park schoolyard to test the arm before he got to Citi Field.

“I was throwing it around fine and zipping around pretty good, so I'm a little disappointed that one bounced, but what are you going to do.”

+2
Cal Clutterbuck Throws Ceremonial First Pitch at NY Mets Game

Cal Clutterbuck throws out the ceremonial first pitch ahead of the New York Mets-Arizona Diamondbacks at Citi Field on Sept. 12, 2023.

Standing on the mound was a harken back to Clutterbuck’s youth, as the Islanders winger was a good ballplayer growing up in Southern Ontario, playing a combo of shortstop, pitcher and occasionally catching. He and the Welland Legion Lancers won the 2000 Ontario Baseball Association single-A-peewee title, with Clutterbuck taking home MVP honors in the tournament.  

In an alternate world, perhaps Clutterbuck standing on a major league field could have been a regular occurrence, though the 35-year-old said he made the right decision, and enjoyed Tuesday night for what it was.  

“Once you get on the field and you see the guys who are doing it for a living, you have to let bygones be bygones,” Clutterbuck said. “It’s definitely a sport that I love and something that I'll never forget, but I think I chose the right sport.”

Related Content
Cal Clutterbuck Throws Ceremonial First Pitch at NY Mets Game
Sep 13, 2023
News Feed
Takeaways: Islanders Complete Sweep of Road Trip with 2-1 Win Over Utah
5:49 AM
Islanders Alumni, Fans Enjoy Fourth Annual Alumni Classic, supported by Northwell
Jan 11, 2025
Isles Day to Day: Sorokin Sick, Hogberg to Start in Utah
Jan 11, 2025
Game Preview: Islanders at Utah HC
Jan 11, 2025
Islanders Making an Impact in Girls’ Hockey
Jan 10, 2025
The Skinny: Islanders 4, Golden Knights 0
Jan 10, 2025
Takeaways: Islanders Shut Out Golden Knights 4-0
Jan 10, 2025
Lamoriello Backs Isles at Halfway Point
Jan 10, 2025
Isles Day to Day: Lamoriello Provides Injury Updates
Jan 09, 2025
Game Preview: Islanders at Golden Knights
Jan 09, 2025
Maven's Memories: Brent Sutter, The Latest Isles Hall of Famer
Jan 07, 2025
Isles Day to Day: Hutton Recalled, Fasching DTD
Jan 07, 2025
This Day in Isles History: January 6
Jan 06, 2025
Team USA Wins Gold in 2025 World Juniors
Jan 06, 2025
Takeaways: Isles Defeat Bruins 5-4 in OT
Jan 06, 2025
Game Preview: Islanders at Bruins
Jan 05, 2025
How Optimum Subscribers can Continue to Watch the Islanders
Jan 04, 2025
Isles Day to Day: George Misses Practice, Isles Juggle Lines
Jan 04, 2025
Official Partners
Facebook
Instagram
Snapchat
TikTok
Twitch
Twitter
YouTube
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Employment
NewYorkIslanders.com is the official Web site of the New York Islanders Hockey Club, L.P. and NewYorkIslanders.com are trademarks of New York Islanders Hockey Club, L.P. NHL, the NHL Shield, the word mark and image of the Stanley Cup and NHL Conference logos are registered trademarks of the National Hockey League. All NHL logos and marks and NHL team logos and marks as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein are the property of the NHL and the respective NHL teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of NHL Enterprises, L.P. Copyright © 1999-2024 New York Islanders Hockey Club, L.P. and the National Hockey League. All Rights Reserved.
NHL.com Terms of Service
NHL.com Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Copyright Policy
Employment
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All Non-Essential Cookies
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nhl.com/islanders/news/clutterbuck-throws-ceremonial-pitch-at-mets-game 
 ----- 
