Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Aaron Rodgers injury: Former Green Bay teammate blasts NFL, MetLife Stadium turf for QB's ankle turn

David Bakhtiari sounded off on social media

Zach Wilson, on Aaron Rodgers injury: "I told him that I love him"@snyjets
JB
Actualizado 11/09/2023 - 21:23 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Aaron Rodgers injured on first Jets drive: ruled OUT, leaves in walking boot
NFL. Micah Parsons ridicules the Giants and sends message to entire NFL: Y'all thought this was a game?

Aaron Rodgers' 2023 NFL season hangs in the balance Monday night after the Jets' star quarterback fell awkwardly after being tackled by Leonard Floyd mere minutes into the season's first Monday Night Football game. While X-rays on Rodgers's ankle came back clean, there is a fear that the 39-year-old might have suffered an Achilles tendon injury, and the former NFL MVP did not return to the contest against the Buffalo Bills.

The injury to one of the NFL's biggest stars has prompted a wave of backlash and finger-pointing, perhaps most notably from one of Rodgers' former Green Bay teammates.

Furious Bakhtiari demands better

Packers offensive lineman David Bakhtiari took to X (formerly Twitter) on Monday night to blast the NFL and its team owners for refusing to invest in natural grass, which could help prevent the number of devastating leg injuries that occur in football players.

"How many more players have to get hurt on artificial turf?" Bakhtiari asked. "You (the owners) care more about soccer players than us."

Fifteen of the 30 NFL stadia -- including MetLife Stadium, where the New York Giants and Jets play -- have playing surfaces made of artificial turf. Studies have repeatedly shown that turf fields are more likely to cause serious injuries, as a player's cleat is more likely to get caught in the synthetic fibers that are meant to mimic the look of real bluegrass.

Bakhtiari also referenced the willingness of NFL owners to overhaul certain stadia in preparation for the 2026 FIFA World Cup in North America -- and his post calls them out for not investing more heavily in the safety of NFL players.

Rodgers' injury history

Since becoming a starting quarterback in 2008, Rodgers has suffered two major injuries that cost him at least seven games in an NFL season.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

In 2013, Rodgers suffered a clavicle fracture that cost him seven games -- Green Bay still found a way to win the NFC North that season. The Packers weren't so lucky in 2017, as another clavicle injury saw Rodgers miss nine games, and the team finished third in its division.

Whether this injury leaves the Jets without their new franchise quarterback for an extended period remains to be seen, but the early signs are not positive for long-suffering New York fans -- and the turf is perhaps to blame.

New York Jets - English
Green Bay Packers - English
NFL - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
New York JetsAaron Rodgers continues hyping Jets' Super Bowl chances: 'We're one of those 6-12 teams'
New York JetsPaige Spiranac shows love for Aaron Rodgers with her NFL, Super Bowl picks
New York JetsJets coach Robert Saleh offers update on Aaron Rodgers' injury
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ondraaglijke neuro pathie? Probeer...
NerveSerenity
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ontdek nu de nieu we Nissan Qash...
Nissan Qashqai
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/12/64ffc13eca4741c4428b458e.html 
 ----- 
