skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Wednesday, Jan 08, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Human Metapneumovirus
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketIndia vs Sri Lanka Highlights, IND vs SL 3rd ODI: Dunith Wellalage stars with 5 wickets as Sri Lanka defeat India by 110 runs, win series 2-0
India vs Sri Lanka Highlights, IND vs SL 3rd ODI: Dunith Wellalage stars with 5 wickets as Sri Lanka defeat India by 110 runs, win series 2-0
India vs Sri Lanka Highlights, IND vs SL 3rd ODI Match Latest Updates: Rohit Sharma top-scored again for India with 35 while Washington Sundar's 30 at the fag end of the innings gave some hope but it was snuffed out as Maheesh Theekshana snapped him up.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: August 8, 2024 02:24 IST
Follow Us
India's Shreyas Iyer leaves the ground after losing his wicket during the third ODI cricket match between Sri Lanka and India in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Wednesday, Aug. 7, 2024. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

India vs Sri Lanka Highlights, IND vs SL 3rd ODI Match Today Latest Updates: Dunith Wellalage took 5 wickets as Sri Lanka defeated India by 110 runs and won the 3-match ODI series 2-0. This was also the first time since 1997 that Sri Lanka have defeated India in a bilateral series.

Rohit Sharma top-scored again for India with 35 while Washington Sundar’s 30 at the fag end of the innings gave some hope but it was snuffed out as Maheesh Theekshana snapped him up.

Earlier, Riyan Parag’s three-wicket haul has helped India to restrict Sri Lanka for 248/7 despite heroics from Avishka Fernando in the third of the three-match ODI series at the R.Premadasa Stadium in Colombo on Wednesday.

Follow Highlights of IND vs SL from Colombo below.

Match Ended
India tour of Sri Lanka, 2024 - 3rd ODI
Sri Lanka
248/7 (50.0)
vs
India
138 (26.1)
Match Ended ( Day - 3rd ODI )
Sri Lanka beat India by 110 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
IND vs SL Highlights: Catch all the highlights between India vs Sri Lanka from R Premadasa Stadium, Colombo.
20:20 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: SL win by 110 runs

Wellalage back and he has snared Kuldeep Yadav!!! Huge appeal and the umpire raises his finger!! India have no reviews left and that's that. SL win series 2-0.

20:17 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: SUNDAR GONE!!

Theekshana in the attack and yields a single off the first two deliveries. Sundar tries a huge hit and that almost makes its way onto his stumps!! And he's gone!! Sundar tries to go long, gets a top edge and Vandersay takes the catch!!

Washington Sundar c Vandersay b Theekshana 30(25)

20:13 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Miserly from Asalanka

Asalanka again and gives away just a single from the first 4 deliveries as Kuldeep takes a single. Sundar now on strike but he is content to just see out this over. IND 137/8 after 25 overs

20:09 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Sundar with a huge 6!!

Theekshana in the attack and Sundar with a huge six to start this one off!! A single next to give the strike to Kuldeep. Just another single to end the over. IND 136/8 after 24 overs

20:05 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Maiden by Asalanka

Asalanka will bowl the next over and he keeps Kuldeep Yadav rooted in the striker's end as the over ends with a maiden. IND 128/8 after 23 overs

20:03 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Sundar breaks out

Vandersay continues and Sundar with a six!! Good start to the over. Slashes at the third ball and gets 2 more. Lovely hit once again and Sundar with a six!! This time over deep extra cover!! Switch hits next and gets another four!! he is taking the fight to SL. They take a review now for LBW. Might be a glove. No one looks too convinced. Clear edge off the bat to the pads. Not out. IND 128/8 after 22 overs

19:57 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: SL keep it tight

Asalanka brings himself on now and starst with a single as Sundar goes off strike. Back to back rippers to beat Kuldeep now. Just a single from this one. IND 110/8 after 21 overs

19:51 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Well placed boundary by Sundar

Theekshana back in the attack and starts with a wide. Kuldeep defends the next ball and the ball after that. Sundar wqith a boundary to end this over. IND 107/8 after 19 overs

19:45 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: DUBE DOWN!!

Vandersay continues and Dube has been given out LBW!! India have no reviews left and the Indian batter has to walk back!! Sri Lanka almost on course to win the match and the series.

Shivam Dube lbw b Vandersay 9(14)

19:43 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Twists and turns

Theekshana back in the attack as SL persist with spin. Back to back dots to start before Dube takes a single. Sundar on strike now. There was almost another as Sundar misses the ball with the switch hit but the ball misses the stumps by a small fraction. Just 1 from this one. IND 101/7 after 17 overs

19:39 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Parag GONE!!

Vandersay continues and Dube and Parag rotate strikes with singles off the first couple of deliveries. Ohhhh dearrr!!!!! Parag leaves the last ball and that has gone straight and knocked his wickets over!! What was that!!

Riyan Parag b Vandersay 15(13)

19:33 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Drinks break

Wellalage in the attack and Dube with a single to start this one off. Parag on strike and he defends the next couple of deliveries. Sweeps the next one and gets 2 runs. 4 from this one. IND 96/6 after 15 overs.

19:30 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Welcome boundaries for India

Jeffrey Vandersay, the man who took 6 in the last match, is into the attack now as India's troubles worsen!! Parag though starts this one with a four!! A single next and Dube slashes the next ball for a four!! Not a good start for the spinner. IND 92/6 after 14 overs

19:23 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: IYER GONE!!

Is that another one?? The umpire says yes!! Wellalage looks pretty confident but Shreyas reviews. Not bat involved shows UltraEdge. And that's three reds as well. India lose all their reviews!!

Shreyas Iyer lbw b Wellalage 8(7)

19:20 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: AXAR CLEANED UP!!

Wellalage again and he strikes again!! The very first ball!! Goes through Axar's gates and has smashed into his stumps. Indi8a in dire straits!!

Axar b Wellalage 2(7)

19:19 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Miserly from Theekshana

Theekshana in to bowl the next over and starts with 3 back to back dots as Axar looks to get off the mark. Just 1 from the over though. IND 73/4 after 12 overs

19:13 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: KOHLI GONE!!

Wellalage in the attack and again and he strikes again!! Kohli is given out!! But he reviews!! And there it is!! Three reds!! Kohli is gone!

Kohli lbw b Wellalage 20(18) 

19:08 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Theekshana takes out Pant

Theekshana in the atatck and he strikes as well!! Pant tries to come out and he has been completely bamboozled!! Stumped!!

Pant st Kusal Mendis b Theekshana 6(9)

19:04 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Kohli dealing in boundaries

Fernando in to bowl again and Pant after facing two dots, gives the strike to Kohli who places the 5th ball to square to get a boundary. He looks in good touch today. IND 63/2 after 9 overs

18:54 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: OUT!!! ROHIT GONE

Wellalage again and he has provided the breakthrough!! Rohit goes for the slog sweep and that has gotten an edge and the keeper takes the catch!!

Rohit c Kusal Mendis b Wellalage 35(20)

18:53 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Kohli with back to back fours

Fernando to bowl the next one and after 4 dot deliveries, Kohli gets a thick edge which has run to the third man boundary for a boundary!! The next one is what he meant to do as he clears the in-field for another 4 to end the over. IND 53/1 after 7 overs

18:48 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Boundaries keep coming

Wellalage introduced in the attack and starts with back to back dots. Will be interesting to see what Rohit does now. Does he settle in or continue his aggressive way. We get the answer as Rohit devours the fourth delivery for a four!! Effortless hitting. 5 from this over. IND 45/1 after 6 overs

18:42 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: GILL CLEANED UP!!

Fernando in to bowl the next and he strikes!! Gill tries to step out, did not look comfortable and gets it all wrong and the ball rattles his stumps!! 

Shubman Gill b Asitha Fernando 6(14)

18:39 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Rohit goes berserk

Theekshana will continue and Rohit just pulls it for a 6!! There were half hearted shouts of catch but everyone knew that was sailing over. Frees his arms next and smashes the ball which gets to a fielder but he has misfielded!! And that's gone to the boundary. Better shot next ball as he places the ball in the same area for a four!! Uff, the last ball is nicked and that's a lucky boundary!! Huge over. 18 from this one. IND 35/0 after 4 overs

18:35 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: India mining runs

Asitha Fernando will bowl the third over and Rohit with a single to start. Gill on strike and he faces back to back dots. He finally finds a gap through covers and mines 2 runs. 5 from this one. IND 17/0 after 3 overs

18:29 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Can Theekshana stop Rohit

We are done with the opening over and Ashita as expected did not get much of a swing and he might have to rely upon his variations later in the Powerplay. Once again Rohit seems like he will bat the same way he did in the first two games. However, one challenge he will face differently is face Maheesh Theekshana who is a master of bowling in powerplay and is expected to do well in these situations when batters come after him. Akila Dhananjaya who he replaced was alright but was not able to contain the batters in the Powerplay hence this is an attacking positive move from the Sri Lankan camp. (After 2 overs IND 12/0)

18:22 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Welcome back!

The chase has begun Rohit Sharma and Shubman Gill are in the middle Asitha Fernando has taken the new ball. The start has not been a problem for India but what happens after that. We have to wait and see how the cricketing gods have scripted the chase today...

18:13 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Riyan Parag after innings

A little disappointed, I could have given 10-15 runs less. It was turning in the back end. First 25 overs, there wasn't one bit of turn. If it had stayed that way, the score could have been close to 300. After 25 overs, it started to turn and it's a pretty good score. We pulled it back in the middle overs. 240-odd was a great effort by the boys. (When asked if he will bat at six) I am yet to know that, I am hoping somewhere around that

17:55 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: SL 248/7 (50 overs) vs IND in Colombo

Sri Lanka has managed to get to 248/7. However, at a point in the innings, it looked like they would get a lot more but they would be cautiously optimistic about the score they have managed because it is the highest by any team in the series and lower scores than this Sri Lanka has defended well. As per India one positive is the wicket is not a dust bowl and if players are willing to apply themselves they are runs for taking. Once again it is going to be a fascinating run chase today do stay with us for all the second innings action coming up shortly.

17:49 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Theekshana out or not out?

We had an incident here. Theekshana who walked off the field thinking he was out was not out for stumping as he got his bat back in the crease in time while Pant for some strange reason was waiting to whip the bails off. Siraj will bowl the final over for IND

17:39 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Mendis scores 50 but...

Kusal Mendis has reached his half-century however, it has come off 77 balls. It is hard to say the value of this innings at this moment as when he was batting with Avishka things were looking good. However, once Avishka fell Mendis just got stuck at one end and the rotation of the strike stopped with regularity. While wickets have fallen from the other maybe Mendis could have picked his moments to attack more. He might have left it too late to up the ante we will only find out in the second innings as once again Sri Lanka who looked like getting 260-270 might not even end up getting to 250. After 48.2 overs SL 235/6

17:29 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Parag's bowling masterclass

Riyan Parag the bowler has been exceptional in the series. He has been able to get turn out of the surfaces in every game he played. He has put in that extra effort and revs onto the ball. Additionally,, he also has the variation of leg-spin delivery and carrom ball which has surprised the batters. Will he be this effective with the ball in all conditions will be something remained to be seen. Certainly with him bowling it gives India the additional option of a batter who can bowl which the team has been looking for a very long time. If he can back his bowling with his batting tonight it will add a lot of value. After 46.1 overs SL 213/6

17:19 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: SL losing plot

Another one bites the dust it was Liyanage who tried to work the ball on the leg-side however, the ball keeps low and he gets bowled. Sri Lanka is loosing the plot here. Yes they might end up scoring more than what they have done in the last two ODIs but this wicket has looked better than the last two games. There is one end which is turning and the other end the ball has gone in straight lines. Wellalage is in the middle and he has been star in making for them in the series. Given the platform Sri Lanka will be hoping to get around 250-260 mark which might not be enough as well if the dew comes in the second innings. As we update Riyan Parag picks Wellalage After 43.4 overs SL 199/6

17:08 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Good passage of play for IND

This has been excellent passage of play for India in the last 30 minutes or so. It is Riyan Parag and Siraj who have turned the tide for India. As per Sri Lanka, they have been doing what they have done all series which is to lose wickets in clusters. First, it was Avishka who was dismissed for a nothing delivery and then Asalanka too. However, Samarawickrama got a peach of delivery which was also reversing from Siraj. Siraj has got his tail up here. Not only is he getting the reverse swing right but he also getting the length right by bowling full and keeping the batter in check if the ball will come back in or move away. 

16:58 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Heated battle in Colombo

It is getting fiery out in the middle. Kusal Mendis defended one against Siraj and the bowler had quite a lot to say and so did Kusal Mendis back to him. When Parag picked Asalanka there was quite a bit of animated shouting from Kohli. They know India despite being the best team in the world they here are in a dogfight against Sri Lanka who are playing excellent cricket at this point in the innings. The ball is also tailing a bit for Siraj he is getting the ball to reverse once again we go back to the decision the team management made to drop Arshdeep today. As we update Siraj picks Samarawickrama

16:48 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Parag's maiden wicket and Avishka's missed ton

Avishka looked good as gold to get his ton however, the wicket came out of the blue as he tried to fend Parag and was plumb in front. Much needed wicket for India and have to feel sorry for Avishka who missed his ton. India will be hoping it is the moment that will open the gateway for a few more wickets and on the contrary, Sri Lanka will hope they will continue to build another partnership and get to around 280-mark which looks like they definitely can given the current situation. Skipper Asalanka has walked into the middle and his knock here might decide how much Sri Lanka might end up getting. After 37.5 overs SL 183/2

16:39 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Kusal Mendis plays a sensible knock

With Avishka's heroics from one end, Kusal Mendis has gone under the radar here. However, the Sri Lankan number three has slipped in nicely. Though he has started slowly now he is accelerating nicely and has played a crucial role in building another partnership and setting up this foundation for Sri Lanka. Mendis looked a million dollars in the 2023 World Cup before making him the captain in the same tournament after which he lost his form. Since then he has blown hot and cold however, now with the captaincy burden taken out of him he can concentrate on his batting and be back to his previous best. As we update Avishka departs. After 35.3 overs SL 171/2

16:30 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Is six ODI's enough for preparation?

Irrespective of how this series ends India has only six odis ahead of the Champions Trophy. After this game, India will face England in a three-match ODI series at home in February 2025 ahead of the showpiece event. Is the number of ODIs enough to form a side and understand its strength for both Rohit and Gambhir will be an interesting thing to see? As of now on these rank turners in the ongoing series, it is hard to build a side that can also compete in conditions for Champions Trophy. With Hardik Pandya returning to the side and Bumrah yes the side will be strengthened but middle-order batting still needs some testing and just three more ODIs to sort it out might be too little too late for India. After 33.2 overs SL 157/1

16:18 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Avishka looking good for ton

Avishka has started to get a move on here. He has threatened to play a knock in the last game but today he is getting the execution right. Siraj has been brought into the attack and Avishka climbed into the Indian strike bowler and extracted 19 runs. The bowler tried and tested him with a short one and in both deliveries Avishka sent it over the boundary for six with ease. He is looking good for a three-digit mark here Avishka. However, he need not get carried away but has to keep his head down and play the way he has and let the loose balls come to him. After 30 overs SL 143/1

16:09 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Contrasting approaches

Parag is the new bowler introduced here. Quite the passage of play here. There are two right-handers in the middle and two off-spinners are operating. Throughout the series despite Sri Lanka being aware of the threat of Axar and Kuldeep, they chose to keep their batting order the same, and right-handers and left-handers bat in their position unlike India who kept shuffling the batting order time and again to counter the Sri Lankan spinners which has failed. So it begs the question as the format gets longer how important is it if the batter is right or left? After 28 overs SL 122/1

15:59 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Rohit yay or nay in the series?

This wicket so far has appeared to be better than what we had for the first couple of games. Also, Rohit though has a slip in place for the bowlers can he have one more attacking fielder for Kusal Mendis who has just walked into some doubt is something debatable. Rohit usually impeccable with his tactics and bowling changes has looked out of depth in the series especially once the bowling has brought the team into a dominating position in the final overs due to poor execution and planning the team let away runs which proved costly in the second innings. After 24.3 overs SL 105/1

15:50 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Axar has the last laugh

Axar Patel changes ends and gets the wicket. The first ball of the over did get a turn which seemed to have gotten into the head of the Sri Lankan opener Nissanka who tried to upset the rhythm of the bowler by playing a sweep however, the left-arm spinner has had the last laugh as the ball took the top-edge and Pant took the catch. So the turn we are waiting for throughout the day has finally started to happen but as of now, it is only happening at one end. From the other end where Kuldeep is operating it has been a little on the flatter side. With the new batter in now might be the right time to assess the surface. After 22 overs SL 94/1

15:39 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: A masterclass in opening

This is turning into an ominous opening partnership for India. Not only are they piling up runs but also are doing it with ease not letting the Indian spinners get into any sort of rhythm. Also,, there is hardly any turn available for the Indian spinners. Rohit would be thinking did he make the right call by dropping Arshdeep Singh on this one? Also,, plenty of credit must go to the Sri Lankan openers who are giving a masterclass on how to construct an innings on a surface like this. They ran hard when they had to and they did take their chances when they had to. Rohit needs to make the attacking move here. After 18.5 overs SL 88/0

15:29 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Not too much turn

Noticeably though the wicket has been dry but there has been not much of a turn for any of the spinners. When Dube was bowling the odd ball was stopping but no puff of dust was coming out which was a feature in earlier games. Axar Patel who was able to extract plenty of turns did not get much today either and Nissanka played him against the turn with ease in those initial overs as a result Rohit had to bring in Kuldeep earlier than he had done in the series. Washington Sundar who is operating from the other end too in his opening over bowled quicker through the instead of fighting the ball up and looking for a turn. After 16 overs SL 75/0

15:19 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Forcing India to play their own game

One thing Sri Lanka has succeded in doing is forcing India to play the game at which they are good. While bowling or facing seam is not Sri Lanka's strength India is among the top teams who can bowl or negotiate seamers of any opposition. However, by providing the surfaces that turn square Sri Lanka has ensured their batters face spin which they are better at than facing seam and they are also bowling a lot of spin overs in their bowling which is their strength. India dropping Arshdeep Singh and bringing in Riyan Parag is an indication of how the pitches went into the heads of the Indian team. After 13 overs SL 64/0

15:08 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Good start for the hosts

Both Nissanka and Avishka have got to another good start for Sri Lanka. That has been the story of their batting this series. Get a good start crumble in the middle and at the end, the likes of Dunith Wellalge would play a lovely cameo to take them to a par score. However, as Asalnka mentioned at the toss he would want to see one of his batters go on and make a big ton. If they can deliver that Sri Lanka would easily end up making 270-280 on this surface. Which will be way too many.

As we update we have a chance of ends for Mohammed Siraj who has replaced Shivam Dube. After 9.4 overs SL 40/0

14:59 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: After 7 overs SL 28/0

Shivam Dube has started well compared to Siraj. Once again it is a testament to the slowness of the surface. The ball is sticking up a touch and if batters play with hard hands or strong bottom hands the ball just might float in the air. Dube bowling military medium is stringing up a few good overs and doing the job Angelo Mathews tended to do on occasions in the past in his prime. And as we update Axar is the first one who comes into the attack replacing Siraj. So far in every game, Axar was able to get a lot of turn the ball in both ODIs and given how the surface has played so far there is every reason to believe he might get turns as well.

14:48 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: After 4 overs SL 20/0

Pathum Nissanka is looking in exquisite touch here. Some of the shots he is playing once again today so far have been indicative of the purple patch he has been on. Though he did not deliver the goods in the ODI series he was sublime in the T20I series. In addition to his timing of the ball, Siraj did not cover himself in glory in these first few overs. He has been spraying the ball all-over the pitch which has given with the freebies. We might see spin being introduced from Siraj's end soon. With two right-handers in we might see Axar patel, the first spinner brought in.

14:36 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: After 1.3 overs SL 9/0

Mohammed Siraj took the new ball for India and there is no seam or swing moment today whatsoever. He tried to to deliver a couple of magic deliveries by bowling them on the middle and leg and hoping it would move onto off-stump however, lack of moment let Nissanka flick a couple through leg-side with ease. It is Shivam Dube who takes the new ball from the other end and he is the second seamer in this attack as Riyan Parag has come in place of Arshdeep Singh. 

14:28 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Let's go!

The atmosphere is buzzing yet again here in Colombo despite being the week day. The sun too is shining looks like another fabulous day for cricket. The umpires are out both the openers are expected a cracking game today stay with us for all updates. 

14:19 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Pitch report by Russell Arnold

Dry pitch on once again. We will have a similar game. Fresh pitch though. The groundsman has used the scissors to take out any grass. More cracks visible. Along with the turn, it can spit at you. It can be little more challenging for the batsmen. You got to be boring to get the runs here.

14:07 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: IND playing XI

Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Rishabh Pant(w), Shreyas Iyer, Riyan Parag, Shivam Dube, Axar Patel, Washington Sundar, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj

14:06 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: SL playing XI

Pathum Nissanka, Avishka Fernando, Kusal Mendis(w), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka(c), Janith Liyanage, Kamindu Mendis, Dunith Wellalage, Maheesh Theekshana, Jeffrey Vandersay, Asitha Fernando

14:06 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Rohit Sharma at toss

Plenty to play for, we've been challenged in the last two matches. It's clear as to what we need to do with the bat and ball. We've addressed it - what we need to do as a group. You got to give credit to the opposition, they played well and understood the position well. Another opportunity for us to correct. Two changes. We have Rishabh and Riyan Parag in place of KL and Arshdeep.

14:05 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: Charith Asalanka at toss

We are going to bat first. It looks same like the previous two ODIs. Theekshana comes in for Akila Dananjaya. Guys are doing very well, we are in a good position. I would like to see someone score a hundred on this pitch.

13:54 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Gaping crack

But whatever it is, India’s problems against spinners in slow conditions continue to be a problem. India’s all-rounder Washington Sundar blamed it on the tough conditions. “We’re quality players of spin. We’ve always played on these kinds of pitches, even at home, even in Test matches. In domestic cricket we play a lot of games on such wickets. A lot of our players have done really well, especially in the middle order, especially batting against spin,” Washington said.

But in both these matches, every single Indian batsman has paid the price for indecisiveness and have been guilty of playing the wrong lines. India have even reshuffled their batting-order to keep the left-right combination going in the middle-overs, but it hasn’t always worked, chiefly due to Sri Lanka’s spin depth.

13:49 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: On the brink, India need to dust up old habits part 3

Hence, going back to the method they had abandoned a year back won’t be bad idea. In these conditions, having a settled batsman who can accumulate runs without taking risks has been hard to find for India. With Lankan spinners asserting their domination, India haven’t been able to show the intent at all times, making them tentative and prone to mistakes. The middle-order has looked so rusty that after Rohit’s tally of 122 runs, the next best by their No 3, 4, 5 and 6 is Virat Kohli’s 38.

13:44 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: On the brink, India need to dust up old habits part 2

Even over here, captain Rohit Sharma has followed the same pattern, showing the aggressive intent straightaway. A 47-ball 58 and 44-ball 64 from Rohit has allowed India to breeze at seven-plus runs per over in the first powerplay. Thereafter, despite needing only 4.25 runs per over, the middle-order has faltered and were unable to get the better of Lankan spinners.

However in these conditions, Sri Lanka – who have not even qualified for next year’s Champions Trophy – have outsmarted India. In both these matches, India’s spinners have been as economical, if not better, as their Lankan counterparts. But where Sri Lanka have done better is how they have gone after the Indian quicks in the last 10 overs, even spinners to an extent. The 65 and 79 runs that they accumulated in the last powerplay had been the big difference.

13:38 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score: On the brink, India need to dust up old habits part 1

A tie and a loss in the ODI leg of the series in Sri Lanka, India find themselves looking into the mirror. They have learnt a few hard lessons, a crack has been exposed, the incompetence of batsmen against spinners on low, spinning tracks. If they nurture any ambition to level the series on Wednesday, they need to find quick solutions, even revert to the pre-

World Cup approach, old-fashioned and boring, that they struggled to abandon in the first place.

The conditions at the Premadasa will likely remain the same. The only question is whether it would be slower than the previous outing on Sunday. On these conditions, despite getting a head-start in their chase on successive nights, India crumbled in the middle overs. Hence, it’s not a bad idea to keep off the intent-driven game that made them an enterprising side in the World Cup, and embrace a more circumspect approach.

13:35 (IST)
07 AUG 2024
Ind vs SL Live Score: Rohit Sharma after loss in second ODI

When you lose a game, everything hurts. It's not just about those 10 overs. You have to play consistent cricket and we failed to do that today. Little disappointed but these things happen. You got to adapt what's in front of you. With left-right, we felt it'll be easier to rotate strike. Credit to Jeffrey, he got six wickets. The reason I got 65 is because of the way I batted. When I am batting like that, there's a lot of risks taken. If you don't cross the line, you always feel disappointed. I don't want to compromise on my intent. We understand nature of this surface, it gets really tough in the middle overs. You have to try to get as many as possible in the powerplay. We weren't good enough. Don't want to look too much into how we played. But there'll be talks about our batting in the middle overs.

LOAD MORE

IND vs SL: On the brink, India need to dust up old habits

Given his form, Rohit abandoning the aggressive approach and returning to the old formula, just temporarily, won’t be a bad fit. (PTI/AP)

A tie and a loss in the ODI leg of the series in Sri Lanka, India find themselves looking into the mirror. They have learnt a few hard lessons, a crack has been exposed, the incompetence of batsmen against spinners on low, spinning tracks. If they nurture any ambition to level the series on Wednesday, they need to find quick solutions, even revert to the pre-

World Cup approach, old-fashioned and boring, that they struggled to abandon in the first place. (Read more from Venkata Krishna B)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 07-08-2024 at 13:05 IST
TAGS:
India Cricket Team
India Vs Sri Lanka
Live Score
Rohit Sharma
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
Virat Kohli
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Mumbai News
Delhi Election
HMPV Virus Cases In India
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
TN Leaders Greet V Narayanan Over Appointment As ISRO Chief
Here Is How Much The Nvidia GeForce RTX 5090, 5080, 5070 Ti, And 5070 GPUs Will Cost In India
Justin Trudeau’s Exit Is A Wake-Up Call For Global Liberal Order
‘Temples’ Found In Firozabad, Excavation Underway
Delhi HC Refuses To Direct Centre On Plea For Rehabilitation Package To Pakistan Migrants
Kangana Ranaut Opens Up About CBFC Cuts To Emergency: ‘The Film Wasn’t Made To Mock Anyone’
Tripura BJP’s Tribal Wing Opposes Raj Bhavan Abhijan Called By CPM Tribal Arm
Elephant Runs Amok At Annual Festival In Kerala’s Malappuram, Tosses Man In Horrifying Moment. Watch
Winter Vacation 2025 (Revised): Schools In These States Are Closed Due To Cold Wave
Bihar Board Admit Card 2025: BSEB Class 10th Hall Tickets Released
Abhishek Banerjee Answers If He Is Part Of Ayushmann Khurrana’s Thama, Mirzapur Film: ‘Jahaan Aatank Hai Wahan…’
How Soapstone Mining Is Leading To Land-Subsidence In Uttarakhand’ Bageshwar
Magnitude 5.5 Earthquake Strikes China Near Source Of Yellow River
Chhattisgarh Court Files Case Against BJP MLA For Remarks On Jesus Christ; Summons Her
India Should Build Foundational Models For AI, But Investment Is Real Entry Barrier: Satya Nadella
Countries Like Canada Lost War Against Drugs And Legalised Them, But India Can Still Fight: Devendra Fadnavis
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/india-vs-sri-lanka-live-score-3rd-odi-match-today-7-august-ind-vs-sl-latest-scorecard-updates-9499917/ 
 ----- 
