Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cook uncorks Clemente-like throw, paying tribute on Roberto Clemente Day
Share
Cook uncorks Clemente-like throw, paying tribute on Roberto Clemente Day
September 15th, 2024

Alex Stumpf

@AlexJStumpf
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

PITTSBURGH -- Like every Pirate, Billy Cook was wearing 21 Sunday, a tribute to the legendary Roberto Clemente on his day. The number 21 was stenciled into the grass at his position in right field at PNC Park, the spot where Clemente won 15 Gold Gloves during his Hall of Fame career.

So it was only fitting that Cook made a Clemente-like throw in the third inning, uncorking a strong toss to home to nab Tommy Pham.

“Sometimes the angels watch over you, I guess, a little bit,” said manager Derek Shelton with a smile.

Cook also made the baserunning play of the game, scoring from first base on an Isiah Kiner-Falefa base hit in the fifth inning. Those two plays and runs were vital, as the Pirates were able to hang on to beat the Royals, 4-3.

• Clemente Award nomination has special meaning for Pittsburgh native Bednar

Cook has only been up in the Major Leagues for eight days but has shown a knack for being at the center of the big plays, whether it was falling into the stands to make a catch during his debut or his two spots Sunday. The lights of the Majors can get bright, but the rookie has looked comfortable thus far and has played the game how he wants.

“He plays fast,” Shelton said. “On top of it, he’s not timid about anything he does, which -- for a young kid that’s just coming to the big leagues, new organization in the big leagues, doesn’t know a lot of these guys -- stands out.”

Related
Pirates avoid arb, agree to '25 contracts with four players (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bucs ink lefty reliver Ferguson to 1-year deal

3:10 PM UTC

These Bucs prospects created a buzz in '24

October 15th, 2024

Cook goes deep as Pirates' youth continues to shine

September 19th, 2024

Who makes the all-time World Series MVP team?

October 23rd, 2024

Essence of Clemente's bravery captured in new children's book

September 15th, 2024

That mindset of playing hard and fast came from his dad, Chuck, and his grandfather, Dan. Both men played collegiate ball, and if Cook didn’t play hard growing up, “I’d hear about it.”

“It's always been the same advice from everybody -- play the game hard, work hard and everything else will take care of itself,” Cook said. “That kind of 'always earned, never given,' that was something that was said to me young. That comes with hard work, right. Without hard work, it's not going to be given to you. You got to earn it."

Cook has certainly earned this chance in the Majors, even if it wasn’t the path he thought he was going to take. The Pirates acquired him at the Trade Deadline from the Orioles in exchange for Minor League pitcher Patrick Reilly, a move to deepen the Pirates’ position player core. After he tore it up at Triple-A Indianapolis, the Pirates selected his contract and added him to the big league team last Sunday.

He’s had some hiccups in that first week in the Majors as he adjusts to the highest level of competition, but making a throw like that, or being able to score from first on a single because he didn’t slow down on the hit-and-run, is a great way to endear yourself to your new club.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Every day, you don't know what's going to happen,” Cook said. “So, if you don't get a hit that day, how are you going to help the team win? That's something that I've tried to do coming up, just contribute. And I've found that playing the game hard ever since a young age has given you the advantage, right, on those little things.”

It was a great throw and clutch run, like the plays Clemente made. And while he is new to the organization and the Majors, the gravity of that moment and being able to play in right field on Roberto Clemente Day is not lost on Cook.

“It was awesome seeing the ‘21,' and I think even more special because it was just out in right field,” Cook said. “He played an amazing right field. And so, just being able to play the game the right way out there as a tribute to him while wearing the number, really special.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates
Billy Cook
Roberto Clemente

Alex Stumpf covers the Pirates for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/billy-cook-makes-great-throw-from-right-field-on-roberto-clemente-day 
 ----- 
