Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Game-changing HR robbery helps Tigers surge in AL Wild Card race
Share
Game-changing HR robbery helps Tigers surge in AL Wild Card race
September 23rd, 2024

Jason Beck

@beckjason
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

BALTIMORE -- Amid the buzz of a jubilant Tigers clubhouse after Sunday’s 4-3 win over the Orioles, Jace Jung pointed to his neighbor, Parker Meadows, and smiled.

“That guy’s Superman,” the rookie third baseman said of his former Triple-A Toledo teammate. “He flies through the air.”

The way Meadows seems to defy gravity for a moment with each leap at an outfield fence, the superhero comparison is understandable. But his string of home run robberies this summer, now coast to coast, would rank him with some of the most legendary thieves. Think Danny Ocean with vertical leap.

“I appreciate the challenge, 100 percent,” Meadows said. “My job is to go and get every ball.”

And with Meadows’ latest trick -- bringing back Colton Cowser’s drive to right-center field with a runner on in a 3-3 game in the fifth inning -- the Tigers took a big step towards their greatest heist, a smash-and-grab job on the American League Wild Card race. Detroit's win moved it a game over Minnesota, which was swept in a doubleheader at Boston, and tied with Kansas City for the second AL Wild Card berth. The Royals own the tiebreaker, having won the season series from the Tigers. Minnesota, which is fourth in the AL Wild Card race, holds the tiebreaker over Detroit, but the Tigers own the tiebreaker over the Mariners, who are two back for the final spot.

Complete coverage: Tigers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Meadows' catch was the beginning of a three-pitch, two-inning sequence that essentially turned the game.

While a sellout crowd at Oriole Park at Camden Yards went silent, the Tigers went nuts, from Jung and Riley Greene waving their arms in the field to everyone reacting in the dugout. Sean Guenther, the 5-foot-11 lefty reliever whose pitch Cowser hit, gave the 6-foot-5 Meadows a hug. Jung, Meadows and others rewatched the play on one of the dugout iPads between innings.

“It was like, ‘Oh my gosh,’” Jung said.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

3:28 AM UTC

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Hinch on 2025: 'We’re trying to be better'

January 3rd, 2025

Tigers' future success hinges on young bats

December 27th, 2024

'A pitcher's best friend': Meadows' D could be X-factor in ALDS

October 4th, 2024

Once Kerry Carpenter hit the second pitch of the next inning for a go-ahead homer, his second home run of the day, the Tigers had taken a game that was seemingly getting away from them -- a 3-0 lead gone in one inning -- and completely reversed the momentum the O’s had going.

“They could've taken a two-run lead, and then two minutes later, I end up hitting a homer and we're up by one,” Carpenter said. “It changes the entire game. It's special what [Meadows] does out there. It's amazing.”

Said Jung: “We made a pitching change [after Jordan Westburg’s game-tying RBI double in the fifth], and I was like, ‘We just need one or two things to go our way and take the crowd out of it.’ That’s what you have to do on the road. That’s what Parker literally did. And then Kerry hits a homer, and it’s dead silent and we have the lead back and they can’t feed off of their crowd anymore.”

In that sense, there’s a factor in those catches on the road. Sunday’s catch looked eerily similar to Meadows’ leaping grab in Seattle on Aug. 7, which brought back a would-be go-ahead homer from Cal Raleigh. The Tigers pulled away after the catch for a win in that game, ensuring a series victory over the Mariners.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I probably made it look a little tougher,” Meadows said of his latest feat. “I kind of hit the wall on the way up on the jump but was able to secure it.”

From his teammates’ viewpoint, they all look tough. And yet he makes them look simple.

“I thought it was close,” said Carpenter, who was playing in right field. “And it was kind of in the middle of us, so I was trying to track it, too. I was getting ready to jump at the wall, and then I saw him. He was locked on that thing, so I was like, 'All right, I'll back him up.'

“He tends to come down with those more often than not. He's so much fun to play with out there.”

Said Meadows: “It's my job to do that. I knew he hit it high, and I knew I had to go and try to beat it to a spot. Carp did a good job letting me know where the wall was and backing off and allowing me to make the play.”

Both catches had plenty of loft, but Sunday’s grab had so much more riding on it, including a postseason berth that seemed unfathomable when Meadows made his leap in Seattle. Now, the Tigers’ first playoff berth since 2014 seems well within their grasp.

“We never really thought of it. We just kept winning games,” Carpenter said. “So that's what we'll keep doing now. Not going to grasp at anything or chase anything. We're just going to go out there and play like we can play. When we do that, we play well. We have a bunch of guys here that can play baseball and win games in the big leagues, so it's fun.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Parker Meadows

Senior Reporter Jason Beck has covered the Tigers for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/parker-meadows-robs-homer-kerry-carpenter-hits-two-in-tigers-win 
 ----- 
