Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Super Bowl Rings Cost
Kayla Nicole
Vikings vs Rams
CFP National Championship 2025
College Football Playoff Bracket
Deion Sanders
Notre Dame
Marcus Freeman
JJ Redick
Pete Alonso Mets
Serena Williams husband
Donald Trump
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Horoscope Today
Latest News
IRS Free File
Medicaid double coverage
EITC Payment maximum
100 VA Disability 2025
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
WWE
News
WWE
Vince McMahon blasts Netflix documentary: 'It's not the whole story'

The former WWE chairman critiques the portrayal of his legacy, calling out misleading edits in the upcoming series

Vince McMahon Speaks Out on Netflix Series: 'Editing Tricks Are Misleading Viewers'(AP Photo/Jessica Hill, File)LAPRESSE
LW
23/09/2024 - 22:21 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
WWE. Pat McAfee gets Seth Rollins thrown out of Colts-Bears game for unforgivable gesture on Jumbotron
WWE. Undertaker reveals which match would bring him out of retirement and back into the ring

Vince McMahon is once again at the center of controversy, but this time it's not inside the wrestling ring-it's on Netflix. With the release of a highly anticipated documentary, McMahon has shared his thoughts, and he's not pulling any punches. The former WWEchairman, who stepped down amidst scandal, is now speaking out about the film, urging fans to "keep an open mind" about its portrayal of his life and career.

In a statement posted on his X account, McMahon made it clear that he doesn't regret participating in the project. However, his tone shifted when he expressed concerns about how the final cut presents him. "The producers had the chance to tell an objective story about my life-one full of excitement, drama, and, yes, controversy," McMahon wrote. "But from what I've seen, it falls short and blurs the line between Vince McMahon, the person, and 'Mr. McMahon,' the character I played on TV."

Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson came to tears in new WWE documentary

The Netflix documentary, titled Mr. McMahon, covers the rise of Vince McMahon from wrestling promoter to one of the most influential figures in sports entertainment. But the story doesn't shy away from the controversies that led to his downfall. McMahon stepped down from WWE after allegations of misconduct surfaced, and according to sources close to the film, those allegations play a significant role in shaping the narrative.

McMahon's issue seems to be with the way the filmmakers chose to connect his real-life persona with the larger-than-life character he portrayed on WWE programming. "The documentary goes for the easy route,"McMahon said."It confuses viewers by conflating me with the 'Mr. McMahon' character, which is only one side of the story."

As one might expect from the man who has long been at the helm of sports entertainment, McMahon's statement was carefully crafted, aiming to plant seeds of doubt about the integrity of the film. He claimed that "editing tricks" were employed to mislead viewers and that the production left out key pieces of information to suit a particular narrative. "They've used out-of-context footage, old soundbites, and other tricks to distort the truth," McMahon alleged.

From wrestling mogul to controversial icon: Netflix shifts focus on Vince McMahon's scandals

The documentary, which took years to produce, was initially a straightforward look at McMahon's wrestling empire. But as McMahon's legal troubles mounted, the filmmakers adjusted the focus to include the more salacious aspects of his life, particularly the lawsuits and scandals that culminated in his resignation. McMahon insists that these elements are being exaggerated for dramatic effect.

One of McMahon's central points in his public response is that viewers should not accept the film at face value. "There are always two sides to every story," he noted, suggesting that the documentary does not capture the full picture. He hopes audiences will dig deeper and consider his perspective as well.

In addition to McMahon's personal statements, the documentary features interviews with family members, WWE stars, and business associates. These interviews are expected to provide additional context to McMahon's career highs and lows, but it remains to be seen whether these perspectives will support or contradict McMahon's narrative.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Who is Amy...
Marca

Executive producer Chris Smith, known for his previous work on Tiger King, has emphasized that the goal of Mr. McMahon was to provide a nuanced view of the man behind the wrestling empire. "We set out to reveal the real Vince McMahon, but as the story unfolded, it became much more complex," Smith said in a press release. "The result is a documentary that offers a multifaceted look at his legacy."

With the documentary set to premiere on Netflix on September 25, fans and critics alike are eagerly awaiting the release. Whether McMahon's concerns hold water or not, the documentary is sure to ignite debate, both within the wrestling community and beyond. One thing is certain-when it comes to Vince McMahon, the drama never stays behind the curtain or on the ring for that matter.

WWE - English
Vince McMahon - English
Netflix - English
Movies - English
NFLAgainst all odds: Atlanta Falcons stun Philadelphia Eagles with heroic finish
Miami DolphinsTua Tagovailoa's fate hangs in the balance: No IR call yet, says coach McDaniel
PowerballPowerball winning numbers for 9/16/2024: $165 Million Jackpot
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
Round After Round
YETI
Forget You're Even Wearing it:...
Dexcom
Seniors in North Charleston: Big...
Finance Advisors
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/wwe/2024/09/24/66f2300e22601ded2b8b458b.html 
 ----- 
