SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
KAMADA SAYS JAPAN CAN CLOSE IN ON WORLD CUP PLACE AGAINST AUSTRALIA
Kamada says Japan can close in on World Cup place against Australia
AFP,
11.10.2024 10:09
Daichi Kamada scored in Japan's 2-0 win over Saudi Arabia in World Cup qualifying
AFP
Crystal Palace midfielder Daichi Kamada (28) said an eighth straight World Cup appearance will be within Japan's grasp if they beat Australia next week, after extending their perfect record in qualifying.

Japan beat Saudi Arabia 2-0 in Jeddah on Thursday to make it three wins out of three in the decisive third round of Asian qualifying.

They are five points clear at the top of Group C, with the top two teams securing direct passage to the 2026 World Cup and the third- and fourth-placed countries facing another qualifying phase.

Japan face second-place Australia in Saitama on Tuesday and Kamada said they can all but book their place at the finals in the United States, Canada and Mexico with a win.

"We're playing our next game at home in front of lots of fans, and we have to win," he was quoted as saying by Japanese media.

"If we win the next game, the World Cup will start to feel very close for us, so we want to work hard."

Kamada scored Japan's first goal against the Saudis in front of more than 56,000 fans at King Abdullah Sports City, before substitute Koki Ogawa cemented the win with a header eight minutes from time.

Kamada has yet to score for Palace since his summer arrival at the London club, who are third from bottom in the Premier League table.

"I put it away nicely," Kamada said.

"As a team, we always talk about the forward players getting into goalscoring positions, so it was good that I was there to finish it off."

The result left Saudi Arabia, coached by Roberto Mancini, in third place on goal difference behind Australia.

Kamada said Jeddah was a "difficult" place to play, having lost to the Saudis there in qualifying for the 2022 World Cup.

"There are lots of fans and they are very passionate, and Saudi Arabia are a good team," he said.

"We were prepared for a tough game but we had the experience of playing here last time, and we made good use of that tonight."

MENTIONS
Football
World Championship
Daichi Kamada
Japan
Australia
Related Articles
Australia start Tony Popovic era with 3-1 qualifying win over China
10.10.2024 12:18
Prolific Japan set sights on Saudi Arabia as top teams clash in key World Cup qualifiers
08.10.2024 15:59
How the Socceroos uniquely amplify Australia’s lesser-heard voices
08.10.2024 10:59
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
6 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
7 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
7 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
9 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
9 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
10 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
10 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
13 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
13 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
13 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-kamada-says-japan-can-close-in-on-world-cup-place-against-australia/Oz8iZiTs/ 
 ----- 
