Arab News Thursday .  December 12, 2024
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Middle-East
Saudi Arabia
Business & Economy
Entertainment
PIF acquires 15% stake in Heathrow Airport
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Classy Japan put a dent in Saudi Arabia’s World Cup hopes
Classy Japan put a dent in Saudi Arabia’s World Cup hopes
Japan’s players celebrate after their first goal during their 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification match against Saudi Arabia at King Abdullah Sports City in Jeddah on Oct. 10, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/7jgzc

The Japanese lead Group C in the 3rd round of the qualifiers and are the only team out of 18 with full points after 3 games
The Saudis are level with Australia and Bahrain on 4 points, followed by Indonesia on 3 and China on zero
Updated 11 October 2024
JOHN DUERDEN
October 11, 2024 07:20
1200
     
 Follow

JEDDAH: Saudi Arabia lost 2-0 to Japan in Jeddah on Thursday, their first defeat in the third round of the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup.

	

For the latest updates, follow us @ArabNewsSport

Japan had scored 12 goals without reply in their opening two games in the group, and Crystal Palace’s Daichi Kamada gave them an early lead in this one. The home team, roared on by a passionate crowd of more than 56,000 at King Abdullah Sports City, did their best to get back on level terms but it was beyond them, and a late goal from Koki Ogawa sealed the win for the Samurai Blue.

The focus of the Green Falcons now switches to Tuesday’s clash with Bahrain at the same stadium and it could prove to be a very important one.

Japan lead Group C and are the only team out 18 in the three groups with a maximum 9 points after three games. The Saudis are level with Australia and Bahrain on 4 points, one more than fifth-place Indonesia. China are bottom of the group after three straight defeats. The top two from each of the three groups qualify directly for the World Cup, while the teams that finish third and fourth advance to a fourth round of qualification.

Already trailing Japan by 5 points, Saudi Arabia are now, as many suspected would be the case, most probably fighting for the second automatic qualification spot. It is shaping up to be an intense battle that will be far from easy for a team that has yet to score a goal from open play in more 270 minutes of third-round action. This lack of a creative spark going forward is sure to be a concern for coach Roberto Mancini.

There were few surprises in the Italian’s squad on Thursday, with Firas Al-Buraikan starting up front and Ahmed Al-Kassar stepping in to pull on the goalkeeping gloves in place of injured Mohammed Al-Owais.

Japan looked lively from the off but Mancini will surely consider the opening goal, which came after 14 minutes, to have been cheaply conceded. Ritsu Doan crossed from the right, Kaoru Mitoma knocked the ball into the middle, it was headed toward goal by Hidemasi Morita, and Kamada was able to nip in front of Abdulelah Al-Malki and stab it home from close range.

It was the first goal Japan had ever scored in the Kingdom and the threats kept coming. Soon after, Ayase Ueda shot just wide, while the Saudis just could not get going in the face of the impressive visitors.

The Green Falcons did manage a flurry of shots just before the half-hour mark but all were blocked by the men in white. Soon after, some crosses into the area caused a few problems for Japan, perhaps not surprisingly given that both Saudi goals in last month’s 2-1 win in China came from corners, as did the goal in their 1-1 draw with Indonesia five days earlier.

The home side seemed like they might finally be getting on top, and their first shot on target came just three minutes before the break. Salem Al-Dawsari ran at the defense and the ball spilled to the right, where a fierce shot from Saud Abdulhamid looked destined for the top corner but was pushed over by the suddenly under pressure Zion Suzuki.

Japan remained dangerous on the break, however, and after a smart turn outside the area Ueda’s shot was well-saved by Al-Kassar in what was the last action of the first half.

Mancini brought on Al-Itthad’s Saleh Al-Shehri for the restart, in the hope that the forward might make something happen in front of goal. But Japan remained disciplined and well-organized and it was difficult to create clear chances.

The Saudis were similarly making it hard for Japan to create openings and so it looked increasingly likely that if there was to be another goal it would come from a set piece. This proved to be the case and when Ogawa, who had only been on the pitch for five minutes, headed home powerfully from a corner with nine minutes remaining, it was as good as game over.

There was no coming back from that, although Al-Shehri did have the hosts’ best chance of the game in the 89th minute when he headed just over from close range.

There is now a lot of work for Mancini and his players to do if they are going to qualify automatically for a seventh World Cup finals.

       Follow
Topics: SAUDI ARABIA JAPAN FIFA WORLD CUP 2026
You May Also Like
This is how you clean a rice cooker – the right way
The Family Breeze
Filipino on Indonesia death row moved before transfer home
arabnews
Top 3 Banks with Impressive Inter est Rates - Don’t Miss Out
NewSphere
Golan Heights: strategic Israeli-oc cupied plateau on Syria border
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 254
Saudi national team train in Jeddah ahead of crucial World Cup qualifiers
 618
Mancini says Saudi Falcons ready for match against China in Asian 2026 World Cup qualifiers
21 players advance in LIV Golf Promotions, led by Korea’s Jeunghun Wang
This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale
Updated 12 December 2024
ARAB NEWS
December 12, 2024 20:20
369
     

RIYADH: A dramatic opening round of LIV Golf Promotions on Thursday saw 21 players secure their spots in the second round at Riyadh Golf Club, including Jon Rahm’s former college roommate, rising talents from Brazil and Hong Kong, and one golfer using borrowed clubs.

This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale. The ultimate winner earns a coveted place in the 2025 LIV Golf League, while the top 10 will gain entry into all International Series events next year.

Korea’s Jeunghun Wang led the pack, finishing with a 7-under 64. His performance, highlighted by long putts and consistent play, put him atop the leaderboard.

“Some lucky shots went in, including some long putts, which helped me play well heading into tomorrow,” he said.

Close behind were five players tied for second on 65, while nine players shot 66. The final six players advanced by meeting the cutline of 4-under 67, leaving 43 others eliminated.

Among the standout players was 24-year-old Taichi Kho of Hong Kong, who carded a 6-under round featuring an eagle on the par-5 15th after a 355-yard drive.

Kho, who also advanced from the first round at last year’s Promotions tournament before being eliminated in the second round, emphasized the need to approach Friday’s round as a fresh start.

“Last year I couldn’t get past the fact that it was a clean reset after round 1,” he said.

“I remember last year I had a great first round as well, and I felt like I carried on some of those thoughts and feelings as I would do a regular tournament going into the second round, going into tomorrow, it’s important for me to just understand it’s a completely new day.”

Germany’s Max Rottluff, who shares a collegiate connection with LIV Golf star Jon Rahm, also shot 6-under. Rottluff credited Rahm for inspiring his career revival after nearly quitting golf in 2022. 

“We still talk quite a bit and whatnot, so it would be a dream come true to join those guys,” Rottluff said.

“I was considering giving it up back at the end of ‘22, and I spent a week with him, and that really kind of straightened out my head and went out and won two times that year on the Challenge Tour, kind of went back on a better trajectory again,” he added.

South Africa’s Ian Snyman, another standout with a 65, relished the opportunity to reconnect with LIV Golf. A former Cleeks GC player, he said: “It’s exciting. It’s something we all want to be part of. I like the team aspect.”

Mexico’s Jose Islas delivered a remarkable 66 despite playing with borrowed clubs, as his own equipment failed to arrive in Riyadh. Islas, who turned professional this year, demonstrated resilience and adaptability, even holing an eagle shot during a practice round. “It’s not about the clubs, it’s more about how I thought the shots I was going to hit,” he said.

Brazil’s Fred Biondi, the 2023 NCAA Individual Champion, and Spain’s Luis Masaveu, a former US Amateur semifinalist, also posted bogey-free 66s.

The opening round fostered camaraderie among players, with Ireland’s Mark Power, Spain’s Borja Virto and England’s David Horsey advancing together after strong performances.

Veteran American players Bo Hoag and Ollie Schniederjans also moved forward, with Hoag expressing excitement about the prospect of joining LIV Golf’s global schedule. “I think it would be fun,” he said.

       Follow
Topics: GOLF SAUDI ARABIA LIV GOLF
You May Also Like
This Tiny House Is Just 210 Sq. Ft., But Look At Its Interior
TheDecorIdeas
Assad denies ‘planned’ departure from Syria
arabnews
The Best Forex VPS Hosting for Trading - ForexVPS
forexvps
Teenage shooter kills student, teacher at Wisconsin school, police say
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 325
LIV Golf’s Iron Heads acquire rising Korea star Yubin Jang
 268
LIV Golf’s Herbert in charge at Australian Open, Smith two back
Dortmund to host Germany’s Nations League clash with Italy
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23
Updated 12 December 2024
AFP
December 12, 2024 16:51
104
     

DORTMUND: Dortmund’s Westfalenstadion will host the second leg of Germany’s Nations League quarter-final clash with Italy in March 2025, the German FA (DFB) announced Thursday.
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23, three days after the first leg at Milan’s San Siro.
In a statement, DFB sporting director Rudi Voeller said: “Dortmund is the perfect location for what is a football classic.”
Germany, who are in the Nations League knockouts for the first time, won their most recent game at the venue, a 2-0 victory over Denmark in the Euro 2024 quarter finals.
Unlike England’s Wembley and the Stade de France in Paris, Germany does not have a national football stadium, with games shared around the federal nation.

       Follow
Topics: UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE DFB GERMANY ITALY RUDI VOELLER
RELATED
 116
‘Not done yet’: Nagelsmann wants 2006 repeat for Euros hosts Germany
 1014
Croatia, Denmark qualify for Nations League quarterfinals with draws
Former F1 team owner Eddie Jordan reveals cancer diagnosis
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said
“Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully”
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 13:34
78
     

LONDON: Ex-Formula 1 team owner and media personality Eddie Jordan says he has been treated for “quite aggressive” cancer.
Speaking on the “Formula For Success” podcast which he hosts with former driver David Coulthard, Jordan said he was diagnosed this year and urged listeners to seek medical advice for any health concerns.
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said.
In response to comments from Coulthard regarding chemotherapy, Jordan added: “Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully.”
Irish businessman Jordan operated his own racing team in lower-level series before moving up to F1 in 1991, giving future seven-time champion Michael Schumacher his first race that year.
Other drivers over the years included Damon Hill, who won the 1996 championship with Williams, future Ferrari driver Rubens Barrichello and Heinz-Harald Frentzen, who was third in the championship for Jordan in 1999.
Jordan Grand Prix won four races before Jordan sold the team in 2005. Following more sales and name changes since then, the team competes as Aston Martin.
The 76-year-old Jordan also acted as the manager for car design great Adrian Newey when he left Red Bull for Aston Martin this year.

       Follow
Topics: FORMULA 1 EDDIE JORDAN CANCER
RELATED
 71
Harvey Weinstein diagnosed with bone marrow cancer: US media
 826
Ex-England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson dead at 76
Griezmann in PlayStation form has steered Atletico Madrid back on track
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 18:05
75
     

MADRID: Antoine Griezmann wishes he was as good in the real world as he is on PlayStation. Based on his performances with Atletico Madrid, he must be really good on the video game.
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak that has put the club back on track in the Champions League and Spanish league, where on Sunday they host Getafe with a chance to reach the top of the standings.
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid. Atletico and Madrid have a game in hand compared to Barcelona. The Catalan club host Leganes on Sunday, while Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano on Saturday.
Griezmann scored his sixth and seven goals in his last five matches in Atletico’s 3-1 win over Slovan Bratislava in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Álvarez scored his fifth goal in five matches.
Griezmann is a long-time fan of video games and used to make headlines for his Fortnite celebrations during that game’s hype a few years ago. The France star celebrated one of his goals at Metropolitano Stadium on Wednesday alongside Pablo Barrios and Giuliano Simeone, two of his PlayStation playing partners, imitating the moves they make on the video game.
“We play FIFA a lot and that’s the celebration we usually do when we play together,” Griezmann said. He quickly added, “We are better on the Play than we are on the field.”
Griezmann, named the man of the match against Slovan, scored his goals in the 42nd and 57th minutes, after Álvarez — who arrived from Manchester City for more than $100 million in August — put Atletico ahead with a nice curling finish to open the scoring in the 16th. Slovan’s lone goal came in the second half.
Atletico’s attack has been key for the team’s resurgence since an October loss at Real Betis in La Liga. Since then, Diego Simeone’s team have outscored opponents 30-7 across all competitions. They have scored three or more goals in each of their last five games, something that hadn’t happened since 1950, according to UEFA.
“We’ve been playing really well, and the team as a whole are performing excellently,” Álvarez said. “Everyone, even those coming off the bench, has been contributing to the team. We are on the right path, and we have to keep working this way. All the competitions are very challenging but we’ve been doing really well.”
The victory against Slovan moved Atletico to 11th place in the Champions League standings, in position to try to grab one of the top eight spots in the league phase.
“We needed the points. They were very important for us to carry on with this dynamic,” coach Simeone said. “The team is responding to the situations we find ourselves in in these games. This reflects well on the team.”

       Follow
Topics: ATLETICO MADRID UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE ANTOINE GRIEZMANN
RELATED
 80
Griezmann seals superb Atletico comeback in Sevilla thriller
Green Falcons in training camp for 26th Gulf Cup in Kuwait
Herve Renard has called up 28 players in preparation for tournament from Dec. 21 to Jan. 3
Green Falcons play a friendly behind closed doors against Trinidad and Tobago on Dec. 17 at Al-Shabab Stadium
Updated 12 December 2024
KHALED AL-ARAFAH
December 12, 2024 16:46
114
     

RIYADH: Saudi Arabia’s national football team began a closed training camp on Thursday, until Dec. 20, for the 26th Gulf Cup in Kuwait.

The Green Falcons will play a friendly match behind closed doors against Trinidad and Tobago on Dec. 17 at Al-Shabab Club Stadium.

The team depart for Kuwait on Friday. They are placed in Group B alongside Iraq, Bahrain and Yemen for the tournament that runs from Dec. 21 to Jan. 3.

Head coach Herve Renard has called up 28 players.

The squad includes Mohammed Al-Owais, Ahmed Al-Kassar, Mohammed Al-Yami, Nawaf Al-Aqidi, Yasser Al-Shahrani, Ali Al-Bulaihi, Abdulelah Al-Amri, Ali Lajami, Hassan Tambakti, Muhannad Al-Shanqeeti, Sultan Al-Ghannam, Nawaf Boushal and Nasser Al-Dawsari.

Also joining are Abdulelah Al-Malki, Abdullah Al-Khaibari, Musab Al-Juwair, Abdulmalik Al-Ayeri, Mohammed Kanoo, Salem Al-Dawsari, Abdulelah Al-Hawsawi, Abdullah Al-Hamdan, Ayman Falata, Abdulaziz Al-Othman, Haroune Camara, Abdullah Radif, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Firas Al-Buraikan, and Saleh Al-Shehri.

       Follow
Topics: GREEN FALCONS HERVE RENARD ARABIAN GULF CUP
RELATED
 843
Kuwait to host 26th Gulf Cup in December 2024
SPECIAL
 613
PHOTOS
‘Like I never left this team,’ says Herve Renard ahead of first game back in charge of Saudi Arabia
Latest Updates
How a Saudi language processing center is using AI to improve machine interaction with Arabic
 920
US ‘welcomes’ Ethiopia-Somalia deal on sea access
 1525
StarzPlay partners with Falcon Films to bring over 50 exclusive titles to the platform
 163
PIF acquires 15% stake in Heathrow Airport
 1178
Book Review: ‘The Hour of the Star’ by Clarice Lispector
 297
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How Sednaya’s liberation exposed decades of systematic torture under Syria’s Assad regime
 2519
MIDDLE-EAST
What does Assad’s downfall mean for the millions of Syrians displaced by war?
 1229
MIDDLE-EAST
From Al-Qaeda militant to Syrian statesman: The changing faces of Abu Mohammed Al-Golani
 3856
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2574829/sport 
 ----- 
