Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Reds playoff odds skyrocket after comeback win over Tigers

The Cincinnati Reds used another comeback victory to inch closer to the NL Wild Card.

By
Drew Koch
|
Sep 13, 2023
Cincinnati Reds pitcher Buck Farmer | Gregory Shamus/GettyImages

The chase for the final spot in the NL Wild Card spot is heating up with just over two weeks to play in the 2023 season.

The Cincinnati Reds fell behind 3-0 to the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night, but rallied to win by a final score of 6-5 in extra innings thanks to a key hit in the 10th inning courtesy of Tyler Stephenson.

Not only did Cincinnati get the win on Tuesday night at Comerica Park, but every team ahead of them in the NL Wild Card race took an L. The Chicago Cubs, Miami Marlins, San Francisco Giants, and Arizona Diamondbacks all lost.

Reds playoff odds skyrocket after comeback win over Tigers.

According to Baseball Reference, the Cincinnati Reds playoff chances jumped 15.1-percent after last night's victory over the Detroit Tigers. Cincinnati's chances of making a run at the final spot in the NL Wild Card now stand at 35.4-percent.

Among the other teams competing for that last spot in the National League postseason picture, the Arizona Diamondbacks (43.3-percent) are the only team who's playoff odds are greater than the Reds.

The San Francisco Giants (20.8-percent) and Miami Marlins (13.9-percent) have taken a step back, and even the Chicago Cubs (79.1-percent) lost some ground following their defeat at the hands of the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night.

The Cincinnati Reds do not have any head-to-head matchups against any of the NL Wild Card contenders over the remainder of the 2023 season. According to Tankathon.com, the Reds still have the easiest schedule down the stretch.

The Cubs and Giants still have games remaining against the D-backs, and Arizona also plays three games against the AL West-leading Houston Astros in the coming weeks. This battle for the postseason is going to come down the final week of the 2023 season.

•
5 truths about the Cincinnati Reds that fans do not want to hear
•
3 trade deadline disasters that prove the Reds were right to stand pat
•
3 players who need to step up to keep Reds in contention
•
Who are the last 5 Reds players with 100 RBI in a single season?
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-playoff-odds-skyrocket-after-comeback-win-over-tigers-nl-wild-card 
 ----- 
