Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Will David Bell's lineup changes remain the same against right-handed pitchers?

Reds second baseman Jonathan India was back in the leadoff spot on Tuesday.

By
Drew Koch
|
Sep 13, 2023
Cincinnati Reds infielder Jonathan India | Patrick McDermott/GettyImages

Cincinnati Reds manager David Bell made some alterations to his lineup before Tuesday's game against the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park.

One such change was bumping the struggling Elly De La Cruz down in the batting order. The Reds rookie had been scuffling of late, especially against left-handed pitching, and was moved down to No. 7 in the lineup.

But the bigger move was the return of Jonathan India to the leadoff spot. This is a move that should've been made even before India went on the IL, and it will be interesting to see if Bell keeping India atop his lineup card against right-handers as well.

Will Reds manager David Bell's lineup changes remain the same against right-handed pitchers?

The Cincinnati Reds, albeit against the Detroit Tigers, seemed rejuvenated on Tuesday night. Jonathan India was back where he belonged, batting leadoff for the Redlegs, and Cincinnati used its best situational hitters when the opportunity presented itself.

The Reds are slated to go up against another left-hander this evening with Eduardo Rodriguez toeing the rubber for the Tigers. With that in mind, expect Reds manager David Bell to run out a very similar lineup with India, Nick Senzel, and Spencer Steer batting 1-2-3. But, will Bell keep India in the leadoff spot when a right-hander is on the mound?

India's presence atop the lineup should be a mainstay no matter who's on the bump for the opposition. India has actually performed better against right-handers this season, posting a .777 OPS, while his OPS dips to .673 against southpaws. In the leadoff spot, India is hitting .282/.377/.410 with a wRC+ of 112 according to FanGraphs.

This shouldn't even be up for debate. While David Bell may want to shuffle his lineup based on the pitching matchup, the No. 1 spot in the batting order should belong to Jonathan India.

•
5 truths about the Cincinnati Reds that fans do not want to hear
•
3 trade deadline disasters that prove the Reds were right to stand pat
•
3 players who need to step up to keep Reds in contention
•
Who are the last 5 Reds players with 100 RBI in a single season?
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-will-david-bell-lineup-changes-remain-same-against-right-handed-pitchers-jonathan-india 
 ----- 
