Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Pittsburgh Steelers
Diontae Johnson to be sidelined for weeks as Steelers face another significant injury

The Steelers can't catch a break as another key player will miss time

Johnson out will be a big blow to the Steelers already offensive strugglesLAPRESSE
TA
12/09/2023 - 18:01 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Zach Wilson's family sends love and support to injured Aaron Rodgers
Cowboys' Micah Parsons publicly defends Daniel Jones following Giants' embarrassing defeat

Aheavy blow landed on the Pittsburgh Steelers' camp this week as wide receiver Diontae Johnson suffered a hamstring injury in their Week 1 beating against the San Francisco 49ers. ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that Johnson might be sidelined for several weeks, causing some genuine concern among the team and its followers.

During the Steelers' 30-7 defeat, Johnson, after a 26-yard catch-and-run in the second quarter, clutched his leg in evident pain. Despite being assisted off the field and subsequently ruled out for the rest of the game, he still managed to register three receptions for 48 yards. While Coach Mike Tomlin avoided being specific about Johnson's return date, his absence in Monday night's face-off with the Cleveland Browns seems likely.

Sunday's loss highlighted the Steelers' offensive struggles against the stacked 49ers defense. With Johnson's injury now exacerbating matters, the pressure shifts to quarterback Kenny Pickett and the rest of the offensive unit. Pickett's performance in Week 1 yielded mixed results: 232 passing yards and a touchdown, tainted by two interceptions. Additionally, Pittsburgh's rush game seemed nearly non-existent, racking up only 41 yards.

Diontae Johnson's role within the Steelers' offense has been impressive for a tea with offensive problems. With a consistent track record that boasts a minimum of 86 catches in the past three seasons, averaging nearly 1,000 receiving yards annually, Johnson's absence could be deeply felt.

Johnson is expected to miss atleast a few weeks

As Johnson recovers, the load is on newly-acquired Allen Robinson, who marked 64 yards from five receptions in Week 1, making him the game's top receiver for Pittsburgh. The Steelers will also be counting on young talent, like second-year wideout George Pickens. Tight end Pat Freiermuth, despite a quiet Week 1, showcased his capability with a four-yard touchdown reception and will be another key figure as the team navigates Johnson's absence.

Pittsburgh faces a challenging road ahead
MORE in MARCA
Experts warn...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

The road ahead for Pittsburgh is challenging. They're slated to face tough AFC North opponents, including a physical Cleveland Browns side, fresh from holding Joe Burrow'sCincinnati Bengals to just a field goal. The Baltimore Ravens' high-octane offense also looms on their schedule. With the Bengals, the two-time defending divisional champions, also in the mix, the Steelers have their work cut out.

The test for the Steelers will be how they regroup, adjust, and face the coming challenges head-on. The responsibility now rests on Pittsburgh's other offensive pieces to step up and keep the team competitive in a fierce divisional race.

NFL - English
Fantasy Football - English
Pittsburgh Steelers - English
Kenny Pickett - English
NFLLions vs. Chiefs Week 1: Best prop bets and picks for Thursday Night Football
Los Angeles RamsCooper Kupp, Rams' star receiver, ruled out for Week 1; IR a possibility
Detroit LionsJahmyr Gibbs faces Fantasy Football criticism from fans as Lions rookie goes quiet vs. Chiefs
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers/2023/09/13/6500eb61268e3e8d288b460f.html 
 ----- 
