Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Bucks Injury Report: Milwaukee Could Be Down Three Stars vs Knicks
Matt Levine | 13 Hours Ago
Benny Sieu-Imagn Images
In this story:
Milwaukee Bucks

The Milwaukee Bucks will be taking on the New York Knicks on Sunday as they try to keep the winning ways going strong. However, Milwaukee could be without some key players for the game against New York.

Star forward Giannis Antetokounmpo, star guard Damian Lillard, and forward Khris Middleton have all been listed as probable for the game. They all will likely play barring any unforeseen issues but we will know for sure closer to the game time.

Assuming all three stars can give it a go, Milwaukee could be set up nicely. New York is a team right in front of them in the standings so getting a win could go a long way for this team.

The Bucks are coming off a big win over the Orlando Magic and they will look to emulate a similar tactic. Milwaukee used a hard-fought effort to take down Orlando on the road and they praised the Magic after the fact.

“Great win. We definitely needed this win,” Antetokounmpo said. “It’s a win that counts for two, obviously. Playing against a team that plays hard for 48 minutes, they’ve had the most comeback wins in the NBA, recently they came back down 22 with like six minutes left, or something like that, something crazy. You know that we have to come to the game you’ve got to have the mindset you’ve got to play 48 minutes, it’s going to be a very, very physical game. They play very, very big.”

Orlando has developed a reputation around the league as a gritty team that fights on every possession. While they have dealt with some injuries, the coaching staff has continued to push the envelope and keep the players focused on the task at hand.

As Milwaukee prepares for the Knicks, they will need a similar mindset to how they approached the game with Orlando. New York is a physical team that will push the Bucks on both ends of the floor so Milwaukee will need to be ready to play from the opening tip.

The hope is that all three stars for the Bucks can suit up to give themselves the best chance of winning. If they can, Milwaukee has the tools to steal a win on the road again.

More Bucks news: Bucks News: Damian Lillard Losing Ground in All-Star Fan Voting

Bucks' Doc Rivers Explains Reason Behind Removing Khris Middleton From Starting Five

Bucks Notes: Khris Middleton Benching, Lillard All-Star Chances Drop, More Injuries

Published 13 Hours Ago|Modified Jan 11, 2025
MATT LEVINE

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bucks/news/bucks-injury-report-milwaukee-could-be-down-three-stars-vs-knicks-01jhbcrhyvkm 
 ----- 
