David Peterson hit hard, Mets get popped by Phillies, 12-2
New York managed just four hits; Philly clinches postseason berth
9/21/2024, 2:08 AM

Ben Krimmel

Freelance Editorial Producer
0 seconds of 6 minutes, 24 secondsVolume 0%
 

The Mets streak of scoring 10 runs came to an end as they managed just four hits and David Peterson couldn’t continue his good run going in New York's 12-2 loss to the visiting Phillies on Friday night at Citi Field.

The Mets fell to 85-69 but didn’t lose any ground in the NL Wild Card races as Atlanta lost in Miami. With the win, the Phillies (92-62) earned a postseason berth and can clinch the NL East with a win on Saturday.

New York left seven on base and went 0-for-4 with RISP. Philadelphia had nine two-out RBI and went 6-for-17 with RISP.

Here are the takeaways…

- Peterson set the tone early: Blowing a high 95 mph fastball past Kyle Schwarber for a three-pitch strikeout and blowing a 95 mph fastball up in the zone past Bryce Harper. In the 10-pitch first, the lefty got six whiffs and a called strike.

But that momentum didn’t continue. Back-to-back singles put two on and a shallow pop-up to right that Pete Alonso couldn't track down (an error) loaded the bases. Harrison Bader tracked down a drive to the gap in left-center to plate a run before Peterson got a strikeout and foul pop-out to strand a pair.

In the third, Mark Vientos made a leaping grab on a Trea Turner liner to rob an extra-base hit, before back-to-back two-out singles covered the corners. Peterson jammed Nick Castellanos, but the broken bat hit just got under a diving Vientos for an RBI double. When Peterson tried to cut off the throw home – with nobody trying to advance – he misplayed the ball and it went to the backstop. Alec Bohm broke for the plate, but Luis Torrens collected the ball and flipped it to Peterson to get Bohm by 10 feet to keep the score tied.

Peterson was in trouble again in the fourth with a single and roped double to the corner in left (107.4 mph and 106.1 mph). A ball smoked down the line at third just stayed fair and was a two-RBI ground-rule double when the ball boy mistakenly fielded it. After a pop-out, Peterson was hooked after 3.2 innings allowing five runs (four earned) on eight hits with four strikeouts on 64 pitches (44 strikes).

The sinker had been a good pitch for Peterson on the year, but the Phillies were hitting it, and – after the first – his fastball, very hard with five hits of 101 mph or harder.

- Adam Ottavino was first out of the bullpen and things didn’t go well: A Turner single plated the inherited runner, he stole second, Harper was walked, and a double steal put two in scoring position. Bohm then made up for his baserunning boo-boo cracking a hanging sweeper over the plate 383 feet to left for a three-run homer for a six run lead. The inning mercifully came to an end when Castellanos was called out on strikes for a pitch clock violation, the only out Ottavino collected, allowing three runs on two hits with a 'strikeout' on 14 pitches.

- Jose Iglesias opened the home half of the first by driving a home run to the left-center gap on the third pitch he saw. The shortstop, batting leadoff for the fifth-straight game in Francisco Lindor's absence (which soon could end), bombed the 95 mph sinker low in the zone 411 feet, 102.5 mph off the bat.

Starling Marte followed with a dribbler down the third base line for an infield hit, Vientos worked a walk and Alonso – batting with two in scoring position after a wild pitch – struck out on a good slider on the corner. Brandon Nimmo added an RBI groundout, but the 2-0 lead was short-lived.

- Phillies lefty Cristopher Sanchez found a groove, pitching around a pair of walks to get the next 11 outs without hardly any bother. But then Iglesias lined a two-out double down the right-field line in the fifth and Marte and Vientos walked to load the bases for Alonso in an 8-2 game.

But Alonso took a good slider for a called strike, chased a tough changeup low and then got caught looking at a 96 mph sinker on the inside corner to strand three.

- J.D. Martinez, who entered the game mired in an 0-for-28 rut, failed to find his groove going 0-for-3 with a walk.

Mets batters managed just four hits and five walks in the game, with Luisangel Acuna going hitless in three at-bats with a strikeout and Alonso going 0-for-4 with two strikeouts.

-  Huascar Brazoban allowed two runs on two hits and two walks with a strikeout. Alex Young (who allowed an inherited runner to score) added 1.2 scoreless with two hits and a strikeout.

Danny Young got the eighth and allowed a two-out single and a towering 423-foot two-run homer to JT Realmuto.

Eddy Alvarez, the recently acquired infielder, got the ninth and opened with a strikeout on a high 71 mph fastball. The two-time Olympic medalist allowed a two-out double to Schwarber and hit Turner, but got Harper to fly out for a scoreless frame.

Highlights
MVP of the Game: Jose Iglesias

The first-inning dinger was Iglesias’ first career leadoff home run and extended his hitting streak to 14 games. He added a double to finish the day 2-for-4 to raise his OPS to .835 on the season.

What's next

The series continues with a 4:10 p.m. first pitch Saturday afternoon in Flushing.

In a second battle of left-handers, Sean Manaea (3.26 ERA and 1.082 WHIP in 171.0 innings) gets the ball for his 31st start of the season. The first-year Met has a 2.81 ERA in his last 48 innings and seven starts.

Ranger Suarez (3.13 ERA and 1.142 WHIP in 143.2 innings) makes his 26th start of the season. He hasn't gone past five innings in any of his last five starts, pitching to a 4.44 ERA in his last 24.1 innings (allowing 28 hits in that span).

SHARE
TAGS
#

David Peterson

#

Jose Iglesias

Mets

#

Ben Krimmel

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/mets-phillies-david-peterson-9-20-2024 
 ----- 
