Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Mets light up Walker, Phillies for 3rd straight game with at least 10 runs
New York Mets’ Brandon Nimmo (9) gestures to teammates after hitting an RBI double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
By RONALD BLUM | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 20, 2024 at 7:20 AM EST

NEW YORK (AP) — Pete Alonso, Brandon Nimmo and the 2024 New York Mets accomplished what the Darryl Strawberry teams of the 1980s and all their other predecessors failed to: score double-digit runs in three straight games.

Alonso, Nimmo, Mark Vientos and Francisco Alvarez homered in a 10-6 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night that followed 10-1 and 10-0 routs of the Washington Nationals.

It was the 9,963rd regular-season game in the 63-season history of the Mets, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.

“Sick,” Alonso said.

A franchise whose success was dependent on the pitching prowess of Tom Seaver, Dwight Gooden and Jacob deGrom finds itself fourth in the major leagues with 740 runs — one more than the Phillies.

“It’s pretty amazing that the Mets have played over 10,000 games and we’re the first ones to do this,” Nimmo said, rounding up. “That’s pretty special.”

New York won its fourth straight game and for the 16th time in its last 20, maintaining a two-game lead over Atlanta for the NL’s final wild-card position and improving to 61-33 following a 24-35 start.

And they’re doing this without star shortstop Francisco Lindor, who hasn’t played since Sunday because of a sore back.

“We know we’re good,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We’re capable of having games like that.”

Vientos and Alonso built a 2-0 lead with first-inning homers against Taijuan Walker, who gave up a career-high four long balls.

After Trea Turner’s two-run homer off Luis Severino tied the score in the third, Nimmo hit a two-run homer in the bottom half and Alvarez had a three-run drive in a five-run fourth off that clanked of the plexiglass of the second-deck restaurant in left. Nimmo added an RBI double and scored on Vientos’ single.

Rookie Luisangel Acuña, a brother of Atlanta star Ronald Acuña Jr., drove in the 10th run with an RBI triple in the seventh off José Alvarado.

“We’ve had that trust and belief in each other all year and I think now it’s just coming into fruition, coming to light a little bit more,” Alonso said.

Mets home attendance was hurt by the summer 2023 selloff of Max Scherzer and Justin Verlander and this season’s slow start, down by about 300,000 from last year.

“When Citi’s a vibe and a fun place to play, we totally feed off that,” Alonso said.

After Wednesday’s win, Nimmo implored people to fill Citi Field.

“Mets fans, we need you guys to fill this place up!” he said shouted in an on-field interview heard throughout the ballpark. “This place needs to be rockin’ on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday! We need your help! We need everybody to get out here! We need this place full! This is playoff baseball. This is what you guys want. Let’s go! Let’s go Mets!”

A crowd of 35,982 showed up, the most at Citi Field since a Subway Series game against the Yankees in late June.

“It was great energy and a playoff-type atmosphere. Very thankful for that,” Nimmo said. “We need more of it as we go down this stretch and into this weekend. We fed off of it.”

Just three home games remain before a trip to Atlanta and Milwaukee that closes the regular season.

“The more positive energy and the more people that are creating that hostile environment for the road team. I think that just helps us play play better,” Alonso said. “It’s infectious.”

Originally Published: September 20, 2024 at 7:17 AM EST
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
71-year-old Grandma Shocked Doctors: Forget About Metformin, Try This!
Sugar Defender
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Easy Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping South Carolina
Rechol
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Sneaky Way Homeowners Are Saving Thousands on Waterproofing Treatment
Smart Lifestyle Trends
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet The Number One Enemy
Sugar Defender
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Your Car Insurance Too Expensive? Do This!
Policy Wagon
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
Seniors on SS Are Now Entitled to These Big "Kickbacks" in South Carolina
The Consumer Guide
Low-priced Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments in North Charleston - Take a Look!
Senior Apartments
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Neuropathy: 1 Simple Method to Relieve Your Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
September
20
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/20/mets-light-up-walker-phillies-for-3rd-straight-game-with-at-least-10-runs/ 
 ----- 
