Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Phillies clinch postseason berth, but 'we've got bigger goals'
Share
Phillies clinch postseason berth, but 'we've got bigger goals'
September 21st, 2024

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki
Share
;

0:00

0:00

NEW YORK -- The Phillies pre-gamed on Friday night.

They shook hands and patted each other on the back following a 12-2 victory over the Mets at Citi Field. They had just clinched a third consecutive trip to the postseason, but the scene on the field resembled any other win in any other month this year. It only looked and felt different in the clubhouse. The Phillies put on blue “October Ready” T-shirts. They gathered in the middle of the visitors’ clubhouse to hear Phillies manager Rob Thomson speak.

Complete coverage: Phillies' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“It’s awfully difficult to get to this moment, get into the postseason,” Thomson said. “This is the third time in team history -- over 100 years -- that a team, a Philly team, has gotten into the postseason three years in a row. That’s how difficult it is.”

Thomson thanked a few people, told his players that he loved them and said this is the first step.

They hoisted their glasses of champagne. They took a sip, blasted some music and then did whatever they typically do after games.

They did not party on Friday. In fact, there were several untouched glasses of champagne still sitting on a table in the clubhouse, long after many players left.

Friday, they just acknowledged an accomplishment.

“Any time you’re able to get into the postseason, no matter what the clinch is like, it’s huge,” Bryce Harper said. “This game is hard. It’s hard to go wire to wire, and I think our team has done a great job obviously this whole season. We’ve got bigger goals and things like that, but it’s a great moment.”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

1:11 AM UTC

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

2:26 AM UTC

Seeking an infielder: Who could Angels target?

December 16th, 2024

Phillies 'very interested' in coveted Japanese ace Sasaki

December 11th, 2024

Needle pointing up for 8 breakout stars of 2024

December 20th, 2024

Only 6 have won MVP with multiple teams

November 22nd, 2024

Short term, the Phillies want to clinch their first National League East title in 13 years. It could happen as early as Saturday night. They will pop champagne and beer bottles and party hard like they usually do, whenever it happens. After that, they want to clinch home-field advantage throughout the postseason because Citizens Bank Park is “four hours of hell,” as an opposing coach once told Thomson.

Ultimately, though, the Phils want to hoist a World Series championship trophy, roll down Broad Street and party with millions of Phillies fans.

“Not everybody gets a chance to play for the World Series every year,” Alec Bohm said. “As much as maybe people in this room feel like this is where we should be, it’s still an accomplishment.”

The Mets took a 2-0 lead on Friday following a rough first inning from Phillies left-hander Cristopher Sánchez, who has a 5.02 ERA in 14 road starts, compared to a 2.05 ERA in 16 home starts.

Phillies catcher J.T. Realmuto visited Sánchez on the mound after he walked Harrison Bader with one out in the second.

Sánchez retired nine of the next 10 batters he faced.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“He told me to throw strikes, he asked me if I was scared,” Sánchez said through the team’s interpreter.

The Phillies scored a run in both the second and third innings to tie the game. They broke it open in the fourth. They had runners on second and third with one out when Johan Rojas scored both runners with a ground-rule double to give Philadelphia a 4-2 lead. Trea Turner’s two-out single to right against reliever Adam Ottavino scored Rojas to make it 5-2.

Ottavino intentionally walked Harper, and Bohm followed with a three-run homer to left-center to make it 8-2.

Philadelphia cruised from there.

The Phillies had hoped to clinch the postseason berth and possibly the NL East earlier this week in Milwaukee. They purchased champagne and beer to be prepared.

When the clinches didn’t happen, they abandoned the beer outside the visitors’ clubhouse at American Family Field.

The Phillies figured somebody in Milwaukee would take it. They knew they could find more in New York.

Friday night, they toasted with champagne. They hope they don’t leave New York without breaking into the beer, too.

One more win this weekend and they will.

“It’ll be a little more rowdy for sure,” Bohm said.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Alec Bohm
Cristopher Sanchez
Bryce Harper

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

28 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/phillies-clinch-2024-postseason-berth-with-win-over-mets 
 ----- 
