Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Bohm powers Phillies in rout of Mets as they punch playoff ticket and near NL East crown
Philadelphia Phillies’ Alec Bohm hits a three-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)
By MIKE FITZPATRICK | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 21, 2024 at 7:12 AM EST

NEW YORK — After the Phillies clinched a third consecutive playoff appearance Friday night, they shook hands on the field and walked back toward the dugout as though it were any other regular-season victory.

Moments later, manager Rob Thomson gathered his players in the clubhouse and thanked them during a tempered champagne toast acknowledging their significant achievement.

But no wild party, with grown men spraying booze and guzzling beer and soaking each other in glee.

Not just yet, anyway.

“Pretty calm and relaxed from what it usually turns into,” All-Star third baseman Alec Bohm said with a chuckle.

Qualifying for the postseason is a long way from winning the World Series. Nobody knows that better than the Phillies these days — and they have much loftier goals than simply taking part.

“You look around and you see all the talent, you see all the guys, you see the front office, the moves they make and things like that, you look at it on paper at the beginning of the year, and this team should be in the playoffs,” Bohm said. “So it’s good that we’ve stayed healthy throughout the year and done all the things we need to do to get to this point. Now it’s just a matter of, keep going.”

Bryce Harper and the Phillies punched their latest playoff ticket — this one long expected — with a 12-2 blowout of the New York Mets.

Assured at least a National League wild card, Philadelphia can secure its first NL East title since 2011 with one more win this weekend against the second-place Mets at Citi Field.

“It’s hard to go wire-to-wire, and I think our team’s done a great job obviously this whole season,” Harper said. “We’ve got bigger goals and things like that, but this is a great moment.”

With the division crown so close, the Phillies kept it mellow Friday night — hoping to let loose soon with a boozy clubhouse bash after locking up first place.

“It’ll be a little more rowdy, for sure,” said Bohm, who homered and finished with four hits and four RBIs.

Seeking their third World Series championship, the Phillies overtook Atlanta for the division lead on May 3 and haven’t trailed since.

Philadelphia (92-62) is tied with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the best record in the majors and on track for a first-round bye in the playoffs. It’s the third time the Phillies have reached the postseason three years in a row (1976-78 and 2007-11).

“Not everybody gets the chance to play for the World Series every year, so as much as maybe people in this room feel like this is where we should be, it’s still an accomplishment,” Bohm said.

Harper, Bohm, Kyle Schwarber, Trea Turner and Nick Castellanos have powered the offense, while Zack Wheeler, Aaron Nola, Ranger Suárez and Cristopher Sánchez have anchored the pitching staff on a team largely unchanged from 2023.

Philadelphia won five straight NL East titles from 2007-11, then went 10 years without making the playoffs. A wild-card entry each of the past two postseasons, the Phillies put together consecutive October runs that ended in heartbreak.

They reached the 2022 World Series, losing to Houston in six games, and dropped a seven-game NL Championship Series to Arizona last year after leading the underdog Diamondbacks 2-0 and 3-2.

So this time, the Phillies are looking to go all the way and finally finish the job.

Philadelphia’s only World Series championships came in 1980 and 2008.

Originally Published: September 20, 2024 at 10:54 PM EST
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This
Sugar Defender
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking South Carolina by Storm!
Ribili
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Painlessly in Seconds!
Ribili
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Here's What a 1-Day Walk-in Shower Should Cost You
homebuddy.com
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You'll Never Guess The Real Reason!
Tardive
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping South Carolina
Rechol
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet The Number One Enemy
Sugar Defender
Sneaky Way Homeowners Are Saving Thousands on Waterproofing Treatment
Smart Lifestyle Trends
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
September
20
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/20/bohm-powers-phillies-in-rout-of-mets-as-they-punch-playoff-ticket-and-near-nl-east-crown/ 
 ----- 
