Intangible Cultural Heritage
UNESCO
Culture
Intangible Heritage
Participation of local communities in th...
Participation of local communities in the planning and implementation of safeguarding measures for intangible cultural heritage in the Republic of Moldova
© Varvara Buzilă, 2019

3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024

EVENT
Participation of local communities in the planning and implementation of safeguarding measures for intangible cultural heritage in the Republic of Moldova
Date
3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024
Location(s)
Chișinău
Country
Republic of Moldova
Type
Capacity-building workshop
Add to calendarGoogleOutlook

Training of trainers workshop for Moldova

The workshop ”Involvement of local communities in the planning and implementation of safeguarding measures for intangible cultural heritage” aims at strengthening capacities of local communities in Moldova for the development of safeguarding measures and plans for living heritage. A group of trainers will be trained during this first workshop with the objective to share their knowledge and skills with local communities, bearers and practitioners across Moldova, helping them to effectively safeguard their living heritage.

This workshop organized by the Regional Centre for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage in South-Eastern Europe under the auspices of UNESCO (Sofia, Bulgaria), in close cooperation with the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the Ministry of Culture, and the National Inbound and Domestic Tourism Association of Moldova (ANTRIM) is organized as part of UNESCO’s Global capacity-building programme under the 2003 Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage. It will be facilitated by two experienced facilitators, Ms Ioana Baskerville and Mr Andrei Prohin, members of UNESCO’s Global network of facilitators under the 2003 Convention.

It is the first training in the Republic of Moldova devoted to development of intangible cultural heritage safeguarding plans and measures. The organizers intend to leverage the expertise and knowledge of various categories of living heritage practitioners and bearers in their work of safeguarding living heritage within the implementation of the 2003 Convention in Moldova.

The program will offer a strong methodological background, discussions of case-studies, strategic ideas and examples of good safeguarding practices from around the world, to inspire future safeguarding projects at the level of local communities in Moldova.

Back to the list
How to?
...receive assistance?
...inscribe elements?
...access capacity-building materials?
...be accredited (NGO)?
...request the use of the emblem?
...contact us?
Watch videos
...of inscribed elements
...of interviews on ICH
...of NHK in High Definition
Key references
Text of the Convention
Operational Directives
Basic texts
General Assembly resolutions
Committee decisions
Follow UNESCO
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
𝕏
Linkedin
© UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage
Explore UNESCO 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ich.unesco.org/en/events/participation-of-local-communities-in-the-planning-and-implementation-of-safeguarding-measures-for-intangible-cultural-heritage-in-the-republic-of-moldova-00998 
 ----- 
