HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Senegal vs Gambia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 13, 2024 at 9:43 AM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 9:43 AM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
Senegal will be hoping to start their defense on a strong note

As the defending champions, Senegal will aim to kick off the tournament on a high note in this match. In thirteen games they have played so far, they have only lost one. Cisse is likely to play with his strongest eleven to begin the tournament in the best possible way. With their passive approach, Mane and Co will face tricky opponents. 

A rigid approach by Gambia have steadily developed them as a difficult opponent over the last few years, causing opponents to commit themselves to living space to counterattack. However, they have lost the last two matches and look to change that by showing a good performance against the quality opponents in the tournament.

Kick-Off:

Monday,15 January 2024 at 7:30 PM IST

Location: Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro

Form:

Senegal (in all competitions): D-W-W-L-D

Gambia (in all competitions): L-L-D-W-W

Player to Watch
Sadio Mane (Senegal)

He has been a crucial part of Senegal’s success over the years, scoring the decisive penalty against Egypt to cement Senegal’s title as defending champions. So far he has been in fine form for Al Nassar, scoring eight goals and contributing four assists

Musa Barrow (Gambia) 

With Musa Barrow being the clinical and experienced center forward Gambia has over the years, all of the burden will rest on him to get them to the knockout stages. It will be exciting for him to get started against the defending champions after scoring four goals for Al-Taawoun this season. 

Match Facts
Senegal are unbeaten in the last three matches
Gambia have lost the last two matches they have played
Senegal haven’t lost a single match to Gambia
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Dia’s absence will be an enormous loss for Senegal, as he has been in outstanding form this season for Salernitana. Dieng and Sabaly are also injured and will not be available. 

With a full squad of players at his disposal, Tom Saintfiet will be aiming to put his strongest eleven against the defending champions to show what the team is capable of. 

Head to Head

Total matches- 4

Senegal- 2

Gambia- 0

Draw-2

Predicted lineup
Senegal Predicted lineup (3-4-3):

Mendy; Koulibaly, Niakhate, Jakobs; Gueye, Kouyate, Pape Sarr, Diatta; Sarr, Jackson ,Mane

Gambia Predicted lineup (4-5-1):

Jobe; Sanneh, Colley, Janko, Mendi; Adams, Marreh, Ngum, Fadera, Barrow; Minteh

Match Prediction for Senegal vs Gambia

Gambia will have a hard time containing the defending champions, who have been on top of their game. With the quality they have, Senegal will hope to start the tournament on a high note against Gambia, who come into the tournament coming off two straight losses. 

Prediction: Senegal 2-0 Gambia

Telecast for Senegal vs Gambia

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-senegal-vs-gambia-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
