HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

Senegal vs Gambia: Where and how to watch?
Published at :
January 14, 2024 at 5:50 PM
Modified at :
January 14, 2024 at 5:50 PM

Aditya Chauhan

0
0
Senegal are the defending AFCON champions

As the defending champions, Senegal will aim to kick off the tournament on a high note in this match. In the thirteen games they have played so far, they have only lost one. Cisse is likely to play with his strongest eleven to begin the tournament in the best possible way. With their passive approach, Mane and Co will face tricky opponents. 

A rigid approach by Gambia have steadily developed them as a difficult opponent over the last few years, causing opponents to commit themselves to living space to counterattack. However, they have lost the last two matches and look to change that by showing a good performance against the quality opponents in the tournament.

When and where will Senegal vs Gambia take place?

The AFCON 2023 match between Senegal and Gambia will be on Monday, 15th January 2024, 2:00 PM (GMT); 7:30 PM (IST) at Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro.

Where and how to watch the live telecast of Senegal vs Gambia in India?

The AFCON 2023 match between Senegal and Gambia will be telecasted in India on Fancode.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Where and how to live stream Senegal vs Gambia in India?

You can live stream this match on Fancode App.

Where and how to watch the live telecast of Senegal vs Gambia in UK?

The live telecast of the match will be on Sky Sports.

Where and how to watch the live telecast of Senegal vs Gambia in USA?

You can watch Senegal vs Gambia live on beIN Sports.

Where and how to live stream Senegal vs Gambia in Nigeria?

Live streaming of this match in Nigeria will be available on NTA.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-senegal-vs-gambia-where-how-watch 
 ----- 
