Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jalen Suggs Leaves Game vs. Toronto in Second Quarter with Back Spasms
Fourth-year guard Jalen Suggs left Friday night's Orlando Magic game versus the Toronto Raptors in the second quarter. He has been ruled out due to back spasms.
Mason Williams | Jan 4, 2025
Orlando Magic guard Jalen Suggs (4) looks on against the Boston Celtics in the third quarter at Kia Center. / Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images
In this story:
Orlando Magic
Toronto Raptors

Orlando Magic guard Jalen Suggs left Friday night's game versus the Toronto Raptors in the second quarter with back spasms.

With his team up 56-41 with just over three minutes to play in the first half of Friday's matchup with the Toronto Raptors, Suggs went for a steal and missed, falling to the floor. But instead of popping up off the court, the fourth-year pro couldn't attempt to get up.

Instead, he was grabbing at his lower back as he laid on his left side. After a missed shot, the Magic called timeout as Suggs remained down on the court in the same position.

His Magic teammates began pouring onto the floor and surrounded him, and they were joined by a few on-looking Raptors players as well. With broadcast cameras focused in on him, Orlando teammates began lifting Suggs off the floor before it became evident that he was in too much pain to move.

"There was an initial play, I think, on the offensive end, he went down and made a play," Magic coach Jamahl Mosley said postgame. "Then coming back, I think he lunged at a ball and that's when [his back] just locked up.

A wheelchair was brought onto the floor to help the former Gonzaga product off the floor. With a towel draped over his head, Magic VP of player performance and wellness Arnie Kander wheeled him into the team's tunnel.

Suggs didn't return after halftime of Friday's win over the Raptors. As Cole Anthony started the second half, the team ruled him out with back spasms.

"I mean, he was in a lot of pain," Mosley said. "He's back in the locker room right now, so we'll get him re-evaluated tomorrow. Right now, it's looking like back spasms, so we'll just have to get him re-evaluated."

It's a crucial development to watch for an Orlando team already currently down its top two scorers, Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner, to torn obliques and an ACL tear in Moe Wagner's left knee ended his season less than two weeks ago.

Second-year guard Anthony Black was also unavailable Friday night due to a low back contusion – his third straight absence – and Gary Harris is currently out with a re-aggravated left hamstring strain.

Although Suggs' injury looked scary in the moment, both Tristan da Silva and Cory Joseph – two contributors who stepped up in Suggs' absence – mentioned Orlando is doing its best to support him as he understands to what extent he may be hurting.

"I talked to him a little bit after just to see how he is," da Silva said. "He's trying to be in good spirits right now. He said he was watching me on TV (laughing), which I thought was funny, and he was smiling and stuff, so. I feel like he's always trying to stay in a good mental space, but we'll see how it is tomorrow."

"We're just keeping his spirits high. Hopefully it's not as bad as it looked out there," Joseph said. "It's kind of been, unfortunately, a theme this season, we've had guys going down. So we just know, next man up mentality. But definitely, we wanted to pull this one out for him, as for Moe, and Franzi, and Paolo, and Gary and AB. Too many people, right?

"Never want to see that happen, but we know he's a fighter and whatever it is, he'll overcome it. For us, we just have to continue the course."

Related Stories on the Orlando Magic
RESILIENT MAGIC SEARCH FOR SUSTAINABLE STARTS: The Orlando Magic acknowledge that their slow starts are digging holes that even spirited comebacks can't always overcome. Bucking that trend — a challenge, given their injury shortages — is the Magic's next step. CLICK HERE
BANCHERO, FRANZ CRACK TOP 10 IN ALL-STAR VOTE RETURNS: The Orlando Magic's star frontcourt duo appeared in the top 10 of the first returns for NBA All-Star fan voting Thursday. CLICK HERE
MAGIC REACT TO IVEY'S LEG INJURY: Detroit Pistons guard Jaden Ivey left the court via stretcher in the fourth quarter after suffering a leg injury against the Orlando Magic. CLICK HERE
PAOLO, NOW 'HEALED,' GETTING CLOSER TO RETURN: After his torn right oblique has now fully healed, the Magic star is hoping to return back to the court with Orlando soon. CLICK HERE
MAGIC'S 2024-25 SCHEDULE: See the complete slate for the Orlando Magic in 2024-25 and all the details – dates, locations, TV, tip times, and more – that you need to know. CLICK HERE
Want more Orlando Magic coverage on Sports Illustrated?

Follow 'Orlando Magic on SI' on Facebook and like our page. Follow Magic beat reporter Mason Williams on Twitter/X @mvsonwilliams. Also, bookmark our homepage so you never miss a story.

Published Jan 3, 2025|Modified Jan 4, 2025
MASON WILLIAMS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/magic/news/orlando-magic-guard-jalen-suggs-leaves-game-vs-toronto-raptors-with-back-spasms-will-not-return 
 ----- 
