Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Algeria and Burkina Faso draw while Angola edges Mauritania in thriller

Mali and Tunisia meanwhile clawed back into contention for a last-16 place after a 1-1 draw in a drab Africa Cup of Nations clash that petered out following a lively start on Saturday.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on January 21, 2024, at 12:05 am (Paris), updated on January 21, 2024, at 4:18 am 

2 min read

Burkina Faso's defender #4 Adamo Nagalo (L) fights for the ball with Algeria's forward #8 Youcef Belaili during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group D football match between Algeria and Burkina Faso at Stade de la Paix in Bouake on January 20, 2024. KENZO TRIBOUILLARD / AFP

Baghdad Bounedjah bagged a brace as two-time champions Algeria came from behind twice to draw 2-2 with Burkina Faso on Saturday, January 20, in an Africa Cup of Nations Group D thriller. The Qatar-based forward, who struck the winner in the 2019 final against Senegal, canceled goals by Mohamed Konate and Bertrand Traore before a 33,000 crowd in sweltering Bouake.

In the second match of a double-header, Angola edged Mauritania 3-2 in an equally entertaining clash to end a nine-match winless run from 2012. Angola and Burkina Faso have four points each, Algeria two and Mauritania none in a section where all four teams are still in contention for last-16 places with one round remaining.

Long-serving Algeria coach Djamel Belmadi, the mastermind behind the 2019 triumph, said he was satisfied with the draw in 36 Celsius (97 Fahrenheit) heat. "Burkina Faso dominated the first half but we came back strongly in the second and might have won as there were suspicions of a handball in the area.

"We had more of the scoring chances only to be let down by the lack of a killer instinct. I promise that there will be a much improved performance against Mauritania on Tuesday. "Through suffering we have achieved previous successes against the odds. My players can take us far in this competition."

Read more AFCON 2024: Where are all the fans?

Burkina Faso, who finished second, third and fourth in three of the last five editions, were praised by France-born coach Hubert Velud. "It was a beautiful game and we performed well and were on the verge of winning when a lack of concentration led to us conceding a second goal. "I was really impressed with our efficiency and the way the game plan was executed. We just need to work on a few minor details."

Attacking feast

A Konate header in first-half added time broke the stalemate and Bounedjah tapped the ball into the net after a goalmouth scramble soon after half-time. Out-of-favor Aston Villa forward Bertrand Traore came off the bench to convert a penalty before Bounedjah equalized again, this time with a powerful 95th-minute header after a corner.

Mauritania's defender #13 Nouh Mohamed El Abd (L) controls the ball during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group D football match between Mauritania and Angola at Stade de la Paix in Bouake on January 20, 2024. KENZO TRIBOUILLARD / AFP

Angola versus Mauritania might have been the least attractive of the three matches on Saturday on paper with both teams outside the top 20-ranked teams in Africa. But they delivered a feast of attacking football with two superb Mauritanian goals not enough to prevent Angola from going top of the table on goals scored.

Gelson Dala struck for Angola before a superb solo run and shot by Sidi Bouna Amar brought the teams level as half-time approached. Another excellent individual goal, this time from Dala, was quickly followed by a third for Angola as a Gilberto shot on 53 minutes was deflected over goalkeeper Babacar Niasse.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 AFCON 2024: Pitch dominated by players with two or even three nationalities

Fears that Mauritania might collapse were quickly dispelled as a Aboubakary Koita thunderbolt gave goalkeeper Neblu no chance. Seeking a first Cup of Nations win, Mauritania applied constant pressure, but Angola held firm and are poised to reach the knockout stage for the first time since 2010.

Tunisia and Mali draw
Mali's Lassine Sinayoko in action with Tunisia's Sayfallah Ltaief. LUC GNAGO / REUTERS

Much was expected from Tunisia and Mali in Group E, but after a goal from each side within 20 minutes of the kick-off, the match offered little excitement. Lassine Sinayoko put Mali ahead at the 10-minute mark with a shot that went into the net off the far post and Hamza Rafia leveled 10 minutes later from close range.

There was little else to cheer a near-capacity crowd in the 20,000-seat stadium before Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Yves Bissouma fired an added-time free-kick wide.

Mali have four points, Namibia three, Tunisia one and South Africa none ahead of a clash between the southern Africa neighbors on Sunday. After a shock victory over Tunisia, Namibia will reach the knockout stage for the first time if they collect maximum points again.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/football/article/2024/01/21/afcon-2024-algeria-and-burkina-faso-draw-while-angola-edges-mauritania-in-thriller_6451198_130.html 
 ----- 
