CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Bounedjah scores late as Algeria draw with Burkina Faso at AFCON

Published: 20 Jan 2024 - 10:14 pm | Last Updated: 20 Jan 2024 - 10:20 pm

Algeria's forward #9 Baghdad Bounedjah (CR) heads the ball to score his team's second goal during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group D football match between Algeria and Burkina Faso at Stade de la Paix in Bouake on January 20, 2024. (Photo by KENZO TRIBOUILLARD / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AP

Abidjan, Ivory Coast: Baghdad Bounedjah scored very late to lessen the danger of Algeria’s second straight Africa Cup of Nations group-stage exit by salvaging a 2-2 draw against Burkina Faso on Saturday.

Burkina Faso fans were already celebrating what they thought was their team’s progress to the last 16 when Bounedjah rose high to head Adam Ounas’ corner past goalkeeper Hervé Koffi in the fifth minute of second-half stoppage time.

It was Bounedjah’s second goal after he canceled Mohamed Konaté’s first-half header by equalizing shortly after the break.

Burkina Faso substitute Bertrand Traoré scored with another penalty for "The Stallions.” The Aston Villa forward, who also scored late in the 1-0 win over Mauritania, sent his spot kick down the center of the goal in the 71st minute.

Bounedjah’s late equalizer left Burkina Faso on four points after two games, two more than Algeria, before Angola played Mauritania in the other game in Group D later Saturday. Only the top two in each group are assured of progress.

"It’s a shame, but that’s the competition, that’s the Africa Cup,” Traoré said. "We have four points this evening. We’ll rest, and then we’ll go to win the third match.”

Algeria had made the better start but the Burkinabé improved as their opponents’ intensity dropped in the stifling heat. The temperature in Bouaké was 35 degrees C (95 F) when the game kicked off.

Konaté’s goal before the break was initially flagged offside, but a VAR check found he was in line with the last defender for Abdoul Tapsoba’s cross.

It set off unbridled celebrations among the many supporters who had made the relatively short trip south-west from neighboring Burkina Faso, which reached the semifinals in the last edition.

Bounedjah pounced after the break to equalize on the rebound after Koffi saved an effort from Nabil Bentaleb.

Tunisia played Mali later Saturday in Group E.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
World media praises Qatar's New Year’s Eve celebrations in Lusail
New Orleans attacker named as US citizen Shamsud-Din Jabbar: FBI
LOT - The Value Shop opens at LuLu Hypermarket, Barwa Madinatna
Al Rayyan Municipality launches afforestation initiative for outdoor spaces using solar-powered irrigation systems
Qatar braces for windy weekend with high offshore waves
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Qatar Airways to resume flights to Syria
Singapore's manufacturing PMI continues to rise in December
Philippines recovers suspected Chinese submarine drone
Jesus hopes his goals can help end Arsenal title drought
Doha Today
ICC holds condolence meeting in honour of Indian ex-PM
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (January 2-4, 2025)
Zulal Wellness Resort By Chiva-Som marks a remarkable year of awards in 2024
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/20/01/2024/bounedjah-scores-late-as-algeria-draw-with-burkina-faso-at-afcon 
 ----- 
