Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Algeria rally to earn a point with Burkina Faso in group D | AFCON 2023
A brace from Baghdad Bounedjah saved Algeria from eminent blushes, twice recovering from a goal down. Mohamed Konate and Bertrand Traore (penalty) scored for Burkina Faso.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 20, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Algeria against Burkina Faso action at AFCON 2023 | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

For the final group D games, Mauritania has a tie against Algeria as Angola will face Burkina Faso on the same day.

AFCON 2023 Group C (Round 2):

Algeria 2-2 Burkina Faso
Mauritania 2-3 Angola

Algeria and Burkina Faso played to a 2-all draw in group D during the on-going AFCON 2023 Tournament at Stade Bouake on Saturday afternoon.

A brace from Baghdad Bounedjah saved Algeria from eminent blushes, twice recovering from a goal down.

Mohamed Konate and Bertrand Traore (penalty) scored for Burkina Faso.

Konate gave the Stallions the lead in the third minute of the added time with a stunning flying header off goalkeeper Anthony Mandrea before the end of the opening stanza.

Bounedjah leveled the matters following a goal melee in the 51st minute upon resumption of the second half

Traore’s penalty with 19 minutes to play restored the lead for Burkina Faso, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way.

With virtually the last piece of action, Bounedjah’s powerful header off a corner-kick in the 95th minute for Algeria to have a share of the cake from this match.

In the subsequent group D match on Saturday, Angola beat Mauritania 3-2 to go top of the pool, jointly with Burkina Faso.

This was the second defeat for Mauritania in the championship and definitely bowing of the tournament even with a game left.

For the final group D games, Mauritania has a tie against Algeria as Angola will face Burkina Faso on the same day.

All Results So far:

Group F:

Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) 1-1 Zambia
Morocco 3-0 Tanzania

Group E:

Mali 2-0 South Africa
Tunisia 0-1 Namibia

Group D:

Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania
Algeria 1-1 Angola

Group C:

Cameroon 1-1 Guinea
Senegal 3-0 The Gambia
Senegal 3-1 Cameroon
Guinea 2-1 The Gambia

Group B:

Egypt 2-2 Mozambique
Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde
Cape Verde 3-0 Mozambique
Egypt 2-2 Ghana

Group A:

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau
Cote D’Ivoire 0-1 Nigeria
Equatorial Guinea 4-2 Guinea Bissau
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
KCCA cede more ground in title race
Infrastructure development dominate Magogo’s New Year Address on Football
Will CHAN serve as the perfect dress rehearsal for AFCON 2027?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/20/algeria-rally-to-earn-a-point-with-burkina-faso-in-group-d-afcon-2023/ 
 ----- 
