HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Mauritania vs Angola: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 18, 2024 at 1:54 PM
Modified at :
January 18, 2024 at 1:54 PM

Aayush

0
0
Angola are coming off an impressive draw against Algeria and will be looking for their first AFCON victory against Mauritania

After conceding a penalty in added time, Mauritania lost the match against Burkina Faso. They were a whisker away from getting a point from the match to make their best possible start to the tournament but failed after the referee awarded a penalty in the final minutes of extra time. Despite this, Amir Abdou will be pleased with his team’s performance in the first match. 

Angola fought hard to gain a point against an impressive Algeria side who was superior throughout the match. The Angola defence survived a large amount of pressure to thwart Algeria to a 1-1 draw. However, the team felt lucky to get something from the match after hitting the crossbar from the penalty. Pedro Goncalves will hope to continue the unbeaten streak in this match. 

Kick-Off:

Sat, 20 January 2024 at 10:30 PM IST

Location: Stade Bouaké

Form:

Mauritania (in all competitions): L-D-L-W-W

Angola (in all competitions): D-D-D-D-W

Player to Watch
Babacar Niasse (Mauritania)

It was no surprise that Babacar Niasse, a Ligue 2 player from Guingamp, was able to pull off some splendid saves in the first match against Burkina Faso to secure a draw for Mauritania. Niasse made four important saves against Burkina Faso but was unlucky as a late penalty ended up costing Mauritania the game.

Mabululu (Angola) 

The dynamic striker in the last match against Algeria led his Nation to a convincing performance by securing a point against one of Africa’s favourite teams. The experience he brings to the tournament will be crucial if the side is to have a positive tournament this year. He successfully dispatched the penalty after coming off the bench. 

Match Facts
Mauritania lost to Burkina Faso in the last match by 1-0
Angola played a 1-1 draw against Algeria
Angola are on an unbeaten run of six matches
Injury and Team News

There is some injury concern in the Mauritania squad after Lamine Ba and Kamara were withdrawn from the last match due to injuries. They will be evaluating their fitness before committing them to the match. 

Angola will likely field the same eleven that drew with Algeria in the last match. However, there is a slight injury concern, since Bruno Paz withdrew because of an injury, and Mabululu replaced him. 

Head to Head (Last four games)

Mauritania- 1

Angola- 1

Draw- 2

Predicted lineup
Mauritania Predicted lineup (4-4-2):

Niasse; Keita, El Abd, Dellahi, Abeid; Thiam, Gassama, Fofana,Tanjy; Koita, Anne

Angola Predicted lineup (3-5-2):

Neblu; Buatu, Gaspar, Kinito; Augusto, Fredy, Show, Mabululu, Fortuna; Luvumbo, Dala

Match Prediction for Mauritania vs Angola

In this game, Angola will be the favourites, but they will have to perform at their best to defeat the compact defence of Mauritania, which recently frustrated Burkina Faso. The team will, however, be pleased with their performance against Algeria and hope to finish the match with a win to put them in a strong position in Group D of AFCON 2023.

Prediction: Mauritania 1-2 Angola

Telecast for Mauritania vs Angola

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-afcon-2023-mauritania-vs-angola-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
