MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Braves clinch sixth straight NL East title with win over Phillies: How Atlanta got here
By David O'Brien and Matt Gelb
Sep 14, 2023

114

The Atlanta Braves locked up the National League East division title Wednesday night with a 4-1 win over the Philadelphia Phillies. Here’s what you need to know:

This marks the Braves’ sixth consecutive NL East crown. They became the first MLB team to clinch a 2023 playoff berth with Sunday’s win against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Atlanta improves to 96-50 on the season — the best record in the majors — and leads second-place Philadelphia by 17 games in the division.
The Braves won Wednesday’s series finale at Citizens Bank Park behind a seven-inning, nine-strikeout outing by Spencer Strider and a two-run homer from Austin Riley.

The Athletic’s instant analysis:

Strider, Riley guide title-clinching win

Riley hit a two-run homer in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the third, more than enough offense on a night when Strider continued his regular-season dominance of the Phillies with seven innings of four-hit, one-run ball for his majors-leading 17th win.

Kevin Pillar added an RBI double in the fourth as the Braves built a 4-1 lead, which would stand. The Phillies got a run in the first inning after Strider walked two of the first three batters and Bryston Stott hit a two-out single, but the Atlanta fireballer retired the next nine batters and 19 of the last 22 that he faced.

Strider had two walks with nine strikeouts, the 21st time in 29 starts that the MLB strikeout leader has recorded at least nine Ks this season. — O’Brien

GO DEEPER

Braves and Spencer Strider clinch another NL East title, made sweeter by being at Philly

How Atlanta got here

If Atlanta’s celebration was slightly more subdued than when it clinched a year ago, it’s because this time it’s felt like a foregone conclusion for at least two months, since the Braves won 28 of 33 games from May 31 to July 8 to build a 9 1/2-game lead.

They led by at least that margin every day since July 19, and have maintained at least a 12 1/2-game lead since Aug. 15, stretched that to 15 games to begin September. They clinched in their 146th game, the second-earliest date for the Braves to clinch since the divisional era began in 1969, behind only the 2002 team clinching in its 141st game.

It was the complete opposite a year ago, when the Braves started slow, the New York Mets came blazing out of the gate, and by the end of May, the Braves were 10 1/2 games out of first place.

The Braves didn’t catch the Mets last season until Sept. 6 and were a game behind them before sweeping a huge series against the Mets in Atlanta that lived up to the hype in the last week of the season. That effectively gave the Braves the division title, though they didn’t clinch until winning a game in their final series at Miami.

This season, the Braves have been not just the class of the division, but arguably of the NL and all of baseball, building the sport’s best record, moving to the top of various polls and power rankings by midseason, and mashing home runs at a record pace while piling up wins at a near-record rate. — O’Brien

What’s next for Braves?

They are 96-50 and on pace to finish with 106 wins, which would tie the 1998 Braves for the most wins in the franchise’s nearly 150-year history. The record is important because it determines home-field advantage for the playoffs, meaning the Braves have plenty to play for the rest of the regular season even with the division in hand.

The Braves would have to win a division series and NLCS before they could try to win a second World Series title in three years. As things currently stand, the Braves would have a first-round bye and face the winner of a Cubs-Phillies Wild Card Series in a division series.

The Los Angeles Dodgers, assuming they win the NL West and finish with the second-best record, would have a bye and face the winner of a Diamondbacks-Brewers Wild Card Series, if the teams finish in their current positions in the wild-card standings. — O’Brien

What this means for Philadelphia

The Phillies haven’t been in the division race since May, so this was a mere formality from where they stand.

They have lost five of their last seven, which hasn’t endangered their postseason odds. But it has made things harder on them as they attempt to secure home-field advantage for that best-of-three Wild Card series. They have a 1 1/2-game lead over the stumbling Cubs. It’s effectively 2 1/2 games because the Phillies hold a tiebreaker.

The Phillies play better at Citizens Bank Park and believe there is a real advantage to having that first series here. They need to win some games to make that happen. — Gelb

GO DEEPER

Despite September stumble, Phillies still have it all in front of them with 16 games to go

Required reading
Save the date? It feels like Phillies and Braves are meant to meet in October
Matt Olson ties Andruw Jones’ record, Braves mash to new NL mark in win over Phillies

(Photo: Tim Nwachukwu / Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4861494/2023/09/13/braves-clinch-nl-east-division/ 
 ----- 
