Skip to main content
Facebook
Tweet
Digg it
Delicious
Plus Share
Login
Create new account
Read JT PDF Version
SEARCH FORM
Search
Arabic Press
What's On
About Us
Contact us
Advertise
WEATHER, AMMAN

Today, December 28, 2024

9 c° / haze

M
    
YOU ARE HERE
Home » Sports » Jordan hosts Kuwait as Round 3 World Cup qualifiers kick off
Jordan hosts Kuwait as Round 3 World Cup qualifiers kick off

By Aline Bannayan - Sep 04,2024 - Last updated at Sep 05,2024

 0  0 googleplus0  1  0

AMMAN - Jordan plays Kuwait on Thursday evening in the first Group B/Round 3 match of 2026 World Cup qualifiers kicking off at Amman International Stadium.

It will be the first official match under incoming Moroccan coach Jamal Sellamy who replaced compatriot Hussein Ammouta earlier this summer.

Sellamy underlined that the squad was ready and had its eyes set on the goal of qualifying to the World Cup. “All the positive indications are there. Players are ready, confident, and we have a sold out match. Fan support is a major motivator on home ground,” Sellamy added.

“We are on the right track but not in an ideal situation,” the coach said  at Wednesday's press conference. “Taking all our challenges into account we didn’t have an ideal time to prepare as we would have liked,” Sellamy said, underlining that the training camp in Turkey had helped decide player readiness. “There are slight changes in tactics and  things are moving in the right direction.”

Team star striker Mousa Ta’mari who plays for France’s Montpellier together with Yazan Al Arab, who just joined the Korean league were the last to join the squad. Team captain Ehsan Haddad, was on the injured list has returned. Striker Yazan Nue’imat who just joined Qatar’s Arabi, as well as Nour Rawabdeh and Ali Alwan, playing in the Malaysian league joined the team earlier this week.

The team regrouped last weekend as coach Sellamy named the lineup that was finalised after playing North Korea in two friendlies  drawing 0-0 before winning 2-1 in the second encounter.

Currently 68th in FIFA rankings, Jordan has played 110 ranked Korea  in 6 previous official and friendly matches winning two, losing 3 and drawing once.

Round 3 includes 18 teams playing in three groups in home and away format from September 5, 2024 to June 10, 2025 with the top two from each group advancing directly to the World Cup while the rest will play Round 4 in two groups with group leaders advancing and a possible ninth team advancing through intercontinental play-offs.

Jordan will head to Malaysia on Friday to play Palestine on September 10. Their group also includes Oman, Iraq and South Korea. Group A includes Iran, Qatar, Uzbekistan, UAE, Kyrgyzstan and North Korea, while Group C includes Japan, Australia, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, China and Indonesia.

Sellamy told the media monitoring the league matches over the past three weeks has helped to zoom in on the players most ready to represent the national team. “This is the start of the critical stage of qualifying and the players chosen are the best at this stage. Any player who proves they are better for the squad will be recalled at any stage.” Sellamy added.

 0  0 googleplus0  1  0
Rate
up
22 users have voted.
Related Articles
Jordan hosts N. Korea ahead of World Cup Round 3 qualifiers
Aug 24,2024

AMMAN — The national football team regrouped on Saturday as coach  Jamal Sellamy named the lineup that will be finalised after playing

Jordan climbs to 64th as Nue’imat nominated for top Asian award
Oct 26,2024

AMMAN — Jordan is now the 9th ranked Asian team in FIFA rankings as they steadily make their way to possible World

Fans anxious as Jordan’s top strikers injured
Sep 17,2024

AMMAN - National team coaches and officials have much to contemplate ahead of next month’s Round 3 2026 W




OPINION
Editorial
Jordanian Field Hospital in Gaza stands strong despite Israeli bombing

Saturday 23 December 2023

How to ease public debt burden?

Dec 26, 2024

Jordan's priorities in light of current political circumstances

Dec 26, 2024

Good growth requires getting public-private partnerships right

Dec 26, 2024

Let us encourage the youth:

Dec 26, 2024

Popular
Rated
Commented
Let us encourage the youth:

Dec 26, 2024

Jordan's priorities in light of current political circumstances

Dec 26, 2024

How to ease public debt burden?

Dec 26, 2024

Good growth requires getting public-private partnerships right

Dec 26, 2024

Newsletter

Get top stories and blog posts emailed to you each day.

VIDEOS
China Matters’ Feature: Exploring How Potash Fuels Global Agriculture
JHCO dispatches 'largest' convoy of aid to Gaza ahead of Eid Al Fitr
Gaza aid airdrop
Gaza aid airdrop
Gaza aid airdrop
China Matters’ Features: Reviving Chinese Legend for Middle East Readers
THE JORDAN TIMES

The Jordan Times is an independent English-language daily published by the Jordan Press Foundationsince October 26, 1975. The Jordan Press Foundation is a shareholding company listed on the Amman Stock Exchange.

PAGES
About us
Contact Us
Advertise
What's On
SECTIONS
Local
Region
World
Business
2015
SECTIONS2
Sports
Features
Opinion
Letters
CONTACT US

To send your articles , please do email : editor@jordantimes.com

call us : +962 6 5600-800

ext. 2392

    

Copyright © 2024 The Jordan News. All Rights Reserved.
Powered By: AccuSolutions Web Development & Mobile Applications

ShareThis Copy and Paste
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://jordantimes.com/news/sports/jordan-hosts-kuwait-round-3-world-cup-qualifiers-kick 
 ----- 
