Skip to main content
Home
Breeze TV
News
Culture
Sports
Opinion
Photos
Subscribe
Classifieds
Site search
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
FEATURED
Analysis | What the film says about JMU football’s 30-7 win over Charlotte
Hayden Hundley | The Breeze Sept. 5, 2024 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Redshirt sophomore quarterback Alonza Barnett III was 3-4 on passes over 20 yards on Saturday. 

Landon Shackelford | The Breeze
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

With the abundance of fresh faces playing in a new scheme, there’s a lot to break down from JMU’s Saturday win. With the help of the analytics website Pro Football Focus (PFF), let’s look at what the film tells us about the Dukes’ performance. 

PFF grades each player on every play on a scale of -2 to 2 in 0.5 increments. A score of 0 is the standard. PFF then converts those plus-minus grades to a 0-100 scale.

Saturday, the Dukes’ five highest-graded players were redshirt sophomore quarterback Alonza Barnett III, redshirt senior edge Khairi Manns, freshman cornerback KJ Flowe, junior safety Jacob Thomas and redshirt sophomore running back George Pettaway. 

Alonza Barnett shows high ceiling 

Barnett bounced back from a 1-6 passing start — including one interception and one fumble. Despite these errors, Barnett proved he can be an explosive playmaker. 

During his second career start, Barnett had four carries for over 19 yards and three passes for over 33 yards. In passes that were longer than 20 yards, Barnett was 3-4 — but where he needs the most polishing is the short passing game.

“I have to clean up my accuracy short,” Barnett said. “Make the easy things easy, I have to hit that slant to OD [Omarion Dollison] [and] give Tyler Purdy a better ball out the backfield with the swing.” 

Despite only completing 10-18 passes, his big-gain plays helped him finish with the ninth-highest PFF grade amongst group of five quarterbacks from last week. What wasn’t in PFF’s stat sheet, was Barnett’s ability to bait Charlotte’s defensive line to jump over the line of scrimmage; he forced the 49ers to jump offsides twice. 

“Obviously, with us not being completely verbal, it’s a little harder,” Barnett said. “You see that in the NFL all the time with the hard counts … so really just emphasizing the clap and making everything look the same.” 

Head coach Bob Chesney said Barnett’s interception was “not on him,” because JMU’s staff thought Charlotte was offside on that play, too. 

“It looked like they jumped offsides,” Chesney said. “And from the angle, I saw they were offsides, but the ref didn’t see it that way. So in his mind, he’s throwing it up in a free play, but it wasn’t a free play.” 

His interception was also his only incomplete pass on throws more than 20 yards down the field. He was blitzed on 59% of his dropbacks but kept his cool. He had a higher passer rating, 104.2, when he was blitzed, compared to when Charlotte only rushed its defensive line.

Barnett showed off just how electric he can be during Saturday’s game. The ball jumps out of his hand, especially when he’s throwing deep, and he has unique speed as a runner. For now, he should continue developing his short and intermediate passing as his volume of dropbacks increases.

Tackling needs improvement 

According to PFF, JMU was the third worst tackling team in the FBS last week with a poor grade of 35.4. Defensive coordinator Lyle Hemphill primarily used a 4-2-5 formation with two linebackers on the field, and on Saturday, he occasionally used three linebackers. 

However, the only time he used three linebacker packages was with the trio of sophomore Gannon Weathersby, redshirt senior Taurus Jones and graduate Raymond Scott. 

Those latter two players had a run defense grade below 30, and Jones missed all four of his attempted tackles.

Redshirt senior linebacker Jacob Dobbs led the Dukes with a PFF pass rush grade of 85.4 against Charlotte. 

Landon Shackelford | The Breeze

Junior Trent Hendrick and redshirt senior Jacob Dobbs are the Dukes’ starters and will play the majority of the snaps. But in a 4-2-5, teams need linebacker depth because the two that are playing have to cover a lot of ground.

It’s too soon to over-correct about a Week 1 performance, but the linebackers behind Dobbs and Hendrick could use some shifting around.

On the bright side for the Dukes, some players shined as tacklers. Jacob Thomas was the highest-graded run defending safety in the group of 5 and fifth highest in the FBS last week. Khairi Manns led the Dukes with eight tackles, without missing any attempts. 

The Dukes also struggled to tackle on kick coverage, as Charlotte returned four kicks for 112 yards.

Evaluating each playcaller 

During offensive coordinator Dean Kennedy and Hemphill’s first game as Dukes, there’s plenty to take away about what the two playcallers’ strategies are all about. Firstly, Hemphill dialed up 16 blitzes on 50 of redshirt sophomore quarterback Max Brown’s dropbacks, and Hendrick and Dobbs sacked Brown on two of those. According to PFF, JMU pressured 10 of Brown’s dropbacks, which can certainly be improved upon. 

Dobbs was the Dukes’ most effective pass rusher on Saturday, winning 67% of his rushes. It’s promising for JMU that its blitzes have been effective, but it’ll need growth from its defensive line if it wants to form a formidable pass rush. 

The most effective pass rusher off the line was Manns, winning 22% of his rushes. Despite both of the Dukes’ sacks going to inside linebackers, Manns is still confident that they can generate pressure with just a four-man rush. 

“Four men, three men, if we want to bring six, however, Coach Hemp [Hemphill] drills it up we’ll get home,” Manns said. “So we just got to keep working and keep executing the X’s and O’s, and we’ll be good from there.”

Hemphill and his defense’s best achievements were the three turnovers they forced — and it could’ve been more. Junior cornerback Chauncey Logan dropped two interceptions.

Offensively, Kennedy showed a variety of formations, including 12-personnel, which featured two tight ends and went five wide at times. None of the tight ends had very productive outings, but Barnett singled out redshirt junior Logan Kyle’s versatility to line up in and outside, making him a self-proclaimed “Swiss army knife.” 

Kyle had a chance to come down with a touchdown on Saturday but the pass was broken up on fourth down. Barnett also mentioned George Pettaway as a player who benefits from Kennedy’s scheme. Barnett threw a 33-yard touchdown to Pettaway on Saturday, marking their first touchdowns as Dukes. 

“Obviously, we have guys that can go all over the place, everybody’s a Swiss army knife,” Barnett said. “I want everybody to feel appreciated and [to] get that love but just within the scheme and the way that this offense works, that’s going to happen within itself if I do my job.” 

Kennedy only called one screen pass, which is surprising considering Barnett’s an inexperienced quarterback who you want to give easy passes. Kennedy also called two jet sweeps — when you hand the ball off to a pass catcher out of the backfield. One of them paid off, as redshirt senior Cam Ross found 41 yards of green grass in front of him and the other, lost two yards on a third down.

While only one worked, Kennedy should continue incorporating more unique running plays, especially when the Dukes are being shut down. 

Redshirt senior running back Ayo Adeyi, who had 17-29 of the running backs’ carries, only averaged 2.4 yards per carry. Despite the tough day for Adeyi on Saturday, Chesney said the Dukes were “pretty close” to how much they wanted to divvy up the carries. 

“I think they’re all very, very capable, and I thought they did a decent job,” Chesney said. “We just got to open it up a little more. We had a great start to the week, and we just got to make sure that shows up on Saturday.”

Contact Hayden Hundley at breezesports@gmail.com. For more football coverage, follow the sports desk on X and Instagram @TheBreezeSports.

 

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Sunday notebook: How a revamped JMU found its rhythm in second half

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener on Saturday night. Here are some important takeaways from the Dukes' win to keep an eye on as the season goes on.

Alonza Barnett III leads JMU football to 30-7 opening win over Charlotte

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener. The Dukes first win of the Bob Chesney area was highlighted by redshirt sophomore Alonza Barnett III who finished with two touchdowns and 308 total yards. Senior wide receiver Omarion Dollison finished the night with two receptions for 80 yards and a touchdown. Next, JMU will face Gardner-Webb next Saturday at 6 p.m.

Quick hits: JMU football beats Charlotte 30-7

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener. This marks the first win under head coach Bob Chesney.

Three takeaways from JMU football's first half against Charlotte

Here are three takeaways from JMU's first half against Charlotte. The Dukes lead the 49ers with a score of 9-7 in both teams season opener.

JMU’s men’s soccer fights for tie against N.C. State

JMU men's soccer tied it's third game in a row after finishing 2-2 against N.C. State. Sophomore wingback Luca Nikolai and senior defender Jordan McMillen each scored for the Dukes. Next, JMU will face Georgetown next Monday at 7 p.m.

JMU volleyball loses 3-2 in extra sets to Stony Brook

JMU volleyball lost to Stony Brook 3-2 in extra sets on Saturday. Fifth-year outside hitter and fifth-year middle blocker Savanah Cockrill led the Dukes with 17 kills each.

JMU tight end Taylor Thompson excited for fresh start against former team

After not getting a single catch and barely seeing the field last season, senior tight end Taylor Thompson feels he is finally getting his shot as JMU get ready to play his former team, Charlotte, on Saturday at 8 p.m.

+2
How JMU football is capitalizing off successful FBS start

JMU football has morphed from an FCS powerhouse to a national brand over the past two seasons. Assistant AD of Football Administration, Matt Transue, explains how the Dukes can make the most of the their recent success. 

JMU football’s revamped running game looks to ‘dictate’ opposing defenses

JMU has a revamped running back room after being near the bottom of the Sun Belt in rushing attempts last season. The Dukes have four more running backs in senior Ayo Adeyi, redshirt sophomore George Pettaway, redshirt senior Tyler Purdy and senior Jobi Malary.

Seven freshmen compete in JMU cross country’s opening meet

JMU cross country finished in fifth place of 14 teams in the Richmond Spider Alumni Open 4k. Next, the Dukes will compete in the the Purple & Gold Alumni Classic in Orange, Virginia on Saturday, Sept. 14 at 10 a.m.

Preview | JMU football not overlooking Gardner-Webb in home opener

After JMU football's season-opening 30-7 win over Charlotte the Dukes are set to face FCS opponent Gardner-Webb at Bridgeforth Stadium on Saturday at 6 p.m.

JMU women’s golf places 15th at the Lady Boilermaker Classic

JMU women's golf placed 15th in the Lady Boilermaker Classic on Monday and Tuesday. Next, the Dukes will compete in the Cardinal Cup from Sep. 13 to 15.

JMU women’s soccer falls 2-0 to West Virginia

JMU women's soccer fell to 1-3-2 on the season after a 2-0 loss to West Virginia. Next, the Dukes will face East Carolina on Sept. 15 at 2 p.m.

Reactions from JMU football's first half vs Gardner-Webb

Here are three takeaways from JMU football's first half performance against Gardner-Webb. The Runnin' Bulldogs lead the Dukes 3-0 at halftime. 

Quick hits: JMU football sneaks by Gardner-Webb with 13 - 6 win

JMU football beat Gardner-Webb 13-6 after scoring all of it's points in the second half. The Dukes will have a bye next week before facing North Carolina on Sept. 21. 

Five takeaways from JMU’s 13-6 win over Gardner-Webb

JMU snuck past Gardner-Webb 13-6 after outscoring the Runnin' Bulldogs 13-3 in the second half. Redshirt sophomore running back George Pettaway lead the Dukes with 106 total yards. 

Roeper helps JMU field hockey win in double overtime over American

JMU field hockey won an exciting double-overtime game against American on Friday. The Dukes will face Monmouth in their next matchup on Sunday at noon. 

Sunday Notebook | JMU saying all the right things after nail-biter

JMU football edged out FCS Gardner-Webb 13-6 Saturday night. Despite adding a win to the Dukes’ résumé, head coach Bob Chesney and his players expect better from themselves. JMU responded the right way, now it has to use it’s bi-week to prepare for a road game against UNC on Sept. 21.

Tags
Jmu Jmu Football Jmu Football Vs. Charlotte Blitz (gridiron Football) Linebacker American Football American Football Team Seasons Seasons In American Sport National Football League Teams Gridiron Football Outdoor Sports National Football League Seasons Seasons In American Football National Football League Team Sports Sports Gridiron Football Variants Running Back Team Activities Quarterback Sack Tight End National Football League Teams Seasons Cornerback Lineman (gridiron Football) Interception
Hayden Hundley

Sports Editor

 FOLLOW HAYDEN HUNDLEY
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGN UP
MANAGE YOUR LISTS
Around the Web
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy!
Nevada: Say Bye to Your Car Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Las Vegas Seniors Love This Nail Clipper!
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
A 70-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Cardiologist: Slim Down by Mixing This Into Your Morning Coffee (Watch)
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
MOST POPULAR
JMU lands eight transfers on the weekend before Christmas
JMU football’s Eric O’Neill enters portal following bowl victory
JMU football 2024 transfer portal tracker
Miidseason QB changes take USC, Texas A&M into Las Vegas Bowl
Navy aims for rare 10th win in Armed Forces Bowl vs. Oklahoma
LOCAL WEATHER

Currently in Harrisonburg

39° 
Cloudy
42° / 26°
9 PM
38°
10 PM
38°
11 PM
38°
12 AM
39°
1 AM
39°
NEWSLETTERS
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGNUP
MANAGE LISTS
SECTIONS
Home
News
Opinion
Culture
Sports
Photos
Breeze TV
Local Events
SERVICES
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
How to Get Involved
Delivery
Place A Classifieds Ad
Promote Your Event
Contributor Policies/Registration
CONTACT INFORMATION
breezejmu.org
1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805
Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Phone: 540-568-6127
Email: breezeeditor@gmail.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2024 The Breeze 1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805, Harrisonburg, VA  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.breezejmu.org/sports/analysis-what-the-film-says-about-jmu-football-s-30-7-win-over-charlotte/article_308a8528-6b1d-11ef-89e7-7f7ab72c3ba6.html 
 ----- 
