Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Trea Turner Does Something That Only Three Other Philadelphia Phillies Players Have Ever Done on Sunday
With another home run on Sunday, Philadelphia Phillies' shortstop Trea Turner has now homered in nine of his last 10 games.
Brady Farkas | Sep 10, 2023
Trea Turner Does Something That Only Three Other Philadelphia Phillies Players Have Ever Done on Sunday /
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

With another home run on Sunday afternoon, Philadelphia Phillies' shortstop Trea Turner joined an elite class in team history, doing something that only three other Phillies have ever done.

Per Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

TREA TURNER he’s the 4th Phillies player since 1901 with 9+ HR in a 10-game span, joining: 

2013 Domonic Brown 

2005 Bobby Abreu 

1976 Mike Schmidt

TREA TURNER

he’s the 4th Phillies player since 1901 with 9+ HR in a 10-game span, joining:

2013 Domonic Brown
2005 Bobby Abreu
1976 Mike Schmidt https://t.co/YSm5GZ0qKL

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 10, 2023

It's been a great run for Turner, who is now hitting .378 over his last 30 games. Overall this season, he's hitting .265 with 24 home runs, 70 RBI and 26 stolen bases. 

In his ninth year in the big leagues overall with the Nationals, Dodgers and Phillies, he's a career .297 hitter with 147 homers. This is his first season in Philadelphia.

He's a two-time All-Star, a Silver Slugger winner, a batting champion and a World Series champion after helping the Nationals win the 2019 Fall Classic.

Turner has also represented Team USA at the World Baseball Classic, which was held in the spring of 2023.

He signed an 11-year contract this past offseason which will keep him in Philadelphia until 2033.

The Phillies entered play on Sunday at 78-63 and in the first position in the National League wild card race. They are finishing a series with the Miami Marlins and lead 3-0 at the time of this posting.

The Phillies will take on the Atlanta Braves on Monday. That is an afternoon game, with first pitch at 1:05 p.m. ET.

Charlie Morton (ATL) goes against Taijuan Walker (ATL).

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Philadelphia Phillies coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Phillies.

Published Sep 10, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/philadelphia-phillies-shortstop-trea-turner-joins-short-list-in-team-history-by-homering-in-nine-of-last-10-games 
 ----- 
