NBA
Atlanta Hawks
Hawks' Trae Young enters Oscar Robertson territory with historic NBA feat

Trae Young and Oscar Robertson are the only two players to do this.

By 

Malik Brown

Oct 26, 2024 at 1:20 AM ET

ATLANTA – The Atlanta Hawks won their second game of the season against the Charlotte Hornets, and Trae Young once again pulled out his heroics to lead them to the 125-120 victory. Young finished with 38 points, 10 assists, eight rebounds, and four steals, which led to a historic feat that only he and Oscar Robertson have accomplished.

Young and Robertson are the only two players in NBA history to have back-to-back games with 30 points and 10 assists to start a season. After the game, Young talked about the accomplishment and how he's been able to achieve these stats early in the season.

“It’s just about reads. I don’t feel like it’s ever going to change. When I come off of screens, it’s up to me to make the right reads, and sometimes I mess up and I don’t,” Young said. “For me, it’s making the right reads, and my teammates are making plays. [De’Andre] had a hell of a game tonight, Dyson [Daniels], a career-high for him. Guys are making plays; it’s not just me out there making plays.”

Young knows that the points and assists are going to come, but it's the things on the defensive side of the ball that he takes pride in the most.

“I think he's probably more proud of the rebounds and his defense than he is the other end,” head coach Quin Snyder said after the game. “The Seth Curry matchup is a tough matchup. There are times when people put him in the pick-and-roll, and he just battled.”

“It’s good. It’s not going to be the same every night, but you want to strive to have that every night,” Young said. “I know I’m not going to get eight rebounds every night, but there are certain nights that need me to go do that. They were tipping the ball out a lot, and they still got too many offensive rebounds.”

The Hornets did have a lot of offensive rebounds (22), which led to most of the second-chance points (24), but the Hawks were able to overcome and execute down the stretch to get the win. It also helped that LaMelo Ball fouled out in the fourth quarter, who had 34 points, and shot 9-of-14 from three. Young being as smart as he is, he was the one who forced the sixth foul on Ball.

“I know a lot of things going on on the court,” Young said when asked if he knew if Ball had six fouls. “He had five fouls, so it was smart to continue to go at him. I knew he was screening, so just try to chase over the screen, try to get a moving screen on him, and that's what he did.”

Related Atlanta Hawks News
Article continues below
3 Top Hawks Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
6h
Hawks vs. Suns prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
1d
Warriors’ Stephen Curry shows Trae Young love amid Hawks star’s epic shot vs. Jazz
1d
Hawks’ Trae Young breaks Jazz’s hearts with insane half-court shot for the win
2d
Hawks start 2-0 on the season with win vs Hornets
Jordan Godfree-Imagn Images

It was a total team effort for the Hawks, and several players stepped up to help them get the win. De'Andre Hunter finished the game with 24 points and seven rebounds, as he's had a strong start to the season.

“The work I put in during the summer. Being confident in it, trusting in it, and my teammates find me in the right spot, and I try my best to make the shot,” Hunter said.

Dyson Daniels continued to showcase his defensive prowess in this game being tasked with guarding LaMelo Ball, but it was his offense that stood out tonight, finishing with a career-high 18 points on 8-of-10 shooting.

The Hawks will have a tough task in their next game against the Oklahoma City Thunder, and hopefully, they can continue their good habits on the road.

Malik Brown is a multimedia reporter based in Atlanta who covers the Hawks and Dream for ClutchPoints. Malik has worked in entertainment and sports, and he specializes in the NBA and NFL.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Hawks vs. Suns prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
23 hours ago
Hawks vs. Jazz prediction, odds, pick – 1/7/2025
3 days ago
How Hawks’ Dyson Daniels is making NBA history
2 days ago
NBA news: Trae Young, Lauri Markkanen headline long injury reports for Hawks-Jazz
2 days ago
Warriors’ Stephen Curry shows Trae Young love amid Hawks star’s epic shot vs. Jazz
1 day ago
Clippers’ Kawhi Leonard breaks silence after first game back in 254 days
5 days ago
Hawks’ Trae Young breaks Jazz’s hearts with insane half-court shot for the win
2 days ago
3 Top Hawks Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
2 hours ago
Why Hawks should target Spurs’ Tre Jones
3 days ago
Hawks vs. Clippers prediction, odds, pick – 1/4/2025
6 days ago
Hawks forward Jalen Johnson’s dad goes crazy over monster dunk vs. Lakers
6 days ago
Clippers news: Kawhi Leonard injury status for game vs. Hawks
6 days ago
Oscar Robertson
Trae Young
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/hawks-news-trae-young-oscar-robertson-territory-historic-nba-feat 
 ----- 
