MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jimmy Butler's scores 13 of 26 points in fourth quarter as Heat hold off pesky Hornets 114-106
Updated Oct. 26, 2024 9:51 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Jimmy Butler scored 13 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter, Tyler Herro added five 3-pointers and 22 points and the Miami Heat spoiled the Charlotte Hornets’ home opener with 114-106 victory on Saturday night.

Terry Rozier had 19 points and Bam Adebayo finished with 12 points and 11 rebounds for Miami (1-1). Butler added eight assists and eight rebounds.

LaMelo Ball had 27 points, eight rebounds and seven assists for the Hornets on an emotional night when they honored their late longtime public address announcer Pat Doughty, and showed livestream feeds on the arena scoreboard of a star-studded benefit concert for victims of Hurricane Helene taking place less than a mile away at Bank of America Stadium. One of the performers at the concert was musician Eric Church, a Hornets minority owner.

The Hornets (1-2) looked out of sync with 20 turnovers, and twice were whistled for 5-second calls after failing to get the ball in on side inbound plays.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Heat: After struggling in their season opener, the Heat began to put things together down the stretch, thwarting three different rallies by the Hornets with Butler, Herro and Duncan Robinson all hitting big 3s.

Hornets: Three games into the season and Charlotte's depth is already being tested with three starters — Brandon Miller, Mark Williams and Josh Green — all sidelined with injuries.

Key moment

After Tre Mann's pull-up jumper cut Miami's double-digit, fourth-quarter lead to three with 1:36 left, Herro knocked in a clutch 3-pointer from the top of the key. Ball's turnover led to two free throws for Butler. Rozier then added another 3 to seal the win.

Here's What a New Walk-in Shower Should Cost In 2025
Enter your ZIP code and answer a few questions about your current bathroom setup.
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surprised)
find out the value in a few clicks of cars and motorcycles
Cars Value|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key stat

The Heat had 33 assists on their 40 baskets.

Up next

The Heat host Detroit on Monday night, while the Hornets host Toronto on Wednesday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Miami Heat
Jimmy Butler
National Basketball Association
LaMelo Ball
Terry Rozier
Tyler Herro
Jimmy Butler
Miami Heat
Charlotte Hornets
NBA - Miami Heat vs. Charlotte Hornets - 10/26/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jimmy-butlers-scores-13-of-26-points-in-fourth-quarter-as-heat-hold-off-pesky-hornets-114106 
 ----- 
