Skip to content
Hot Hot Hoops - Miami HEAT NBA Blog
Main Menu
The Latest from @HotHotHoops on YouTube
GAME PREVIEW: Heat look to bounce back against Hornets in road opener
Leave a Comment / By Matt Hanifan / October 26, 2024
(AP Photo/Chris Carlson)

The Miami Heat opened the 2024-25 season on a dire note Wednesday. Fortunately enough for them, it’s just the first of a long, grueling 82-game season. They hit the road and look to bounce back Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets Saturday at 7:00 p.m. EST inside Spectrum Center in Charlotte, N.C.

It marks the second game of a back-to-back to the Hornets, who suffered a 125-120 loss to the Atlanta Hawks Friday evening. The Heat haven’t played since their season-opener at home on Wednesday, resulting in a 116-97 shellacking to the Orlando Magic–ironically on the night where Pat Riley was honored for 30 years with the organization.

If the Heat want to bounce back, it begins at the top with Jimmy Butler and Bam Adebayo, who combined to score 12 points on 2-of-13 shooting. Both were practically invisible for the majority of the game outside of a few notable plays, which can’t happen if the Heat expect to win games.

Terry Rozier led the Heat in scoring with 19 points, converting on five of his 15 shot attempts with six rebounds, five assists and two blocks. Nikola Jovic was second on the team in scoring with 15 points followed by Tyler Herro with 14 points.

The Heat currently have a four-game win streak over the Hornets, including a 17-point win in their most recent meeting on Jan. 14. This is a great spot for them to bounce back, and if they don’t, then serious questions need to be asked–after one day of the season.

Injury Report (at the time of this publishing):

Miami Heat:

Josh Richardson (heel) — QUESTIONABLE
Kevin Love (personal) — OUT
Kel’el Ware (stomach) — OUT

Charlotte Hornets:


LaMelo Ball (tailbone) — QUESTIONABLE
Seth Curry (knee) — QUESTIONABLE
Josh Green (achilles) — OUT
Cody Martin (core) — QUESTIONABLE
Brandon Miller (glute) — OUT
Mark Williams (foot) — OUT
Projected Starting 5 (subject to change):

Miami Heat:

Terry Rozier, G
Tyler Herro, G
Jimmy Butler, F
Nikola Jovic, F
Bam Adebayo, C

Charlotte Hornets

LaMelo Ball, G
Seth Curry, G
Cody Martin, G/F
Miles Bridges, F
Nick Richards, C
Broadcast Info:
Tipoff: 7:00 PM EST
TV: FanDuel Sports Network Sun (Eric Reid & John Crotty)
Radio: AM 560 Sports WQAM & The HEAT Radio Network (Jason Jackson)
Spanish Radio: WAQI 710 AM & The HEAT Spanish Radio Network (José Pañeda)

Come back to Hot Hot Hoops at game time to join our GameThread and chat about the game live with other Heat fans!

***

To check out our other content, click here.

Follow Hot Hot Hoops on Twitter/X here!

Follow Hot Hot Hoops on Instagram here!

Subscribe to our YouTube channel here!

Post navigation
← Previous Post
Next Post →
0
Article Rating
 Subscribe 
 Login




{}
[+]
0 COMMENTS
Heat’s sophomore first round draft pick is flourishing in Jimmy Butler’s absence
Heat squeaks out road win against Jazz 97-92
NBA GAMETHREAD: Miami Heat (18-17) @ Utah Jazz (9-26)
GAME PREVIEW: Heat aim to build off their recent bounce back win in a rematch vs Jazz
Heat earn crucial bounce-back victory against Warriors 114-98

Copyright © 2025 Hot Hot Hoops - Miami HEAT NBA Blog | Powered by Hot Hot Holdings Inc
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://hothothoops.com/2024/10/26/game-preview-miami-heat-bounce-back-charlotte-hornets-road-opener/ 
 ----- 
