Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Biggest Takeaways From The Atlanta Hawks 125-120 Win Against the Hornets
Atlanta is now 2-0 this season after beating the Hornets on Friday
Jackson Caudell | Oct 26, 2024
Oct 23, 2024; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) warms up on the court before the game against the Brooklyn Nets at State Farm Arena. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-Imagn Images / Dale Zanine-Imagn Images
In this story:
Atlanta Hawks

Don't look now but the Atlanta Hawks are 2-0.

In a game that had a lot of fouls and that saw the Hornets dominate the glass and shoot over 40% from three, the Hawks found a way to win.

Let's dig into the big takeaways from Friday's game.

1. Trae Young was a star

Young had 30 points and 12 assists on Wednesday against the Nets in the season opener, but he was even better tonight and had another 30-10 game. It was also a history making game for Young, as he passed Luka Doncic for the the most 30 point, 10 assist games in NBA history.

Young finished with 38 points and 10 assists on 11-24 shooting. He is off to a great start this season and has a huge opportunity this Sunday in the Hawks next game when they face the Oklahoma City Thunder.

2. Dyson Daniels continues to impress

Daniels was the talk of game one against Brooklyn and he followed it up with another good performance. Daniels finished with 18 points on 8-10 shooting and 2-4 from three. He also had two steals and four assists as well as this circus shot that somehow found a way to go in.

Daniels has been fantastic for the Hawks so far this season and has been one of the most impactful additions across the NBA. If he continues to play like this, the Hawks are going to be a dangerous team.

3. De'Andre Hunter was fantastic

Hunter had a very rough preseason, but he was outstanding on Friday night for the Hawks. He finished with 24 points on 7-14 shooting and also grabbing seven rebounds. Hunter looked comfortable with the ball all night long and played with a lot of confidence. If he can continue to play well, that would be a welcome sight for the Hawks.

4. Jalen Johnson is still taking a little bit to get going

Johnson had a bit of a slow opening game (by his lofty standards) and he took a little bit to get going in the game against Charlotte. He finished with 16 points on 4-15 shooting and also had seven rebounds and three assists. The fact that Johnson has not played as well as he is accustomed to and the Hawks are still winning says a lot about how the other guys are playing on the team. Johnson will get going soon, but it has been a bumpy start to the season for the Hawks ascending star.

5. The Free Throw Shooting Was Better

The Hawks were not great from the free throw line in the first game against Brooklyn, but they improved that tonight. Atlanta shot 33-38 (86.8%) and it was key in getting the victory.

Published Oct 26, 2024
JACKSON CAUDELL

Jackson Caudell has been covering Georgia Tech Athletics For On SI since March 2022 and the Atlanta Hawks for On SI since October 2023. Jackson is also the co-host of the Bleav in Georgia Tech podcast and he loves to bring thoughtful analysis and comprehensive coverage to everything that he does. Find him on X @jacksoncaudell

Follow jacksoncaudell

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hawks/news/biggest-takeaways-from-the-atlanta-hawks-125-120-win-against-the-hornets-01jb3a9fnqja 
 ----- 
