Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
NBA Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis NBA Contest NBA Finals Ref Assignments Injuries Teams Players Referees Standings Statistics League Trends Print Sheets
Raptors vs Timberwolves Prediction, Picks, & Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game

The Raptors are coming off their first win of the season, and our NBA expert predictions expect the Raps to get off to a fast start tonight against the Timberwolves.

Andrew Caley • Senior Betting Analyst
Oct 26, 2024 • 16:29 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest NBA Picks
Photo By - Imagn Images

The Toronto Raptors visit Target Center tonight for a non-conference NBA matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves. 

My Raptors vs. Timberwolves predictions expect the Raptors to keep their momentum going and jump out to an early lead against the new-look T-Wolves.

Keep reading for my NBA picks for Saturday, October 26.

Raptors vs Timberwolves prediction

My best bet
Race to 10 points - Raptors (+160 at PointsBet)

My analysis

The Toronto Raptors earned their first win of the season thanks to a complete team effort (and the fact the 76ers were without Joel Embiid and Paul George didn’t hurt).

The Raps did the little things teams need to do to win. Toronto outworked Philly on the glass, out-rebounding the Sixers 52-28. It also moved the ball well, with 22 assists on 35 buckets. And the bench contributed 41 points. 

The Raptors did that without Immanuel Quickley, RJ, Barrett, Kelly Olynyk, Bruce Brown, and Ja’Kobe Walter. So, the Raptors are feeling pretty positive heading into tonight’s matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves.

Now, the T-wolves pose a much bigger problem than the undermanned Sixers did. Anthony Edwards & Co. are legitimate contenders in the Western Conference this season and have been prepping for their home opener since notching their first win of the season against the Sacramento Kings.

That said, the T-wolves have had some slow starts this season. They enter this game ranked 18th in first-quarter scoring and have lost the 'Race to 10' in each of their first two games.

The Raptors could also get a boost as Barrett traveled with the team and has been upgraded to questionable for this matchup. 

The Timberwolves' talent should win out the day, but give me the Raptors and their good vibes to come out firing against a team distracted by the pomp and circumstance of a home opener.

MORE NBA FREE PICKS
Raptors vs Timberwolves same-game parlay (SGP)

Race to 10 Points - Raptors

Jakob Poeltl Over 8.5 rebounds

Scottie Barnes Under 21.5 points

+850 at PointsBet Canada

The Timberwolves led the NBA in defensive rating a season ago, and that defense is anchored, of course, by center Rudy Gobert. Facing Gobert and no Kelly Olynyk for the Raptors should mean plenty of minutes for Jakob Poeltl in this one.

Jakob Poeltl has become one of the leaders of this young Raptors team, particularly on the defensive end of the floor, and he's gotten off to a good start this season, averaging 12.5 points and 9.0 rebounds per game.

With Minnesota shooting just 44.4% from the floor for the season, I think there is a solid opportunity for Poeltl to have another solid night on the glass, even if he has to battle with Gobert. 

Meanwhile, it’s been a tale of two games for Scottie Barnes. The former Rookie of the Year was stifled for just nine points on 3-for-14 shooting against the Cavaliers in the opener but bounced back against the Sixers, going for 27 points on 8 of 11.

Barnes looked uncomfortable driving against the Cavs’ bigs of Evan Mobley and Jarrett Allen. The T-wolves present a similar problem with Gobert. Buckets could be tough to come by for Barnes once again.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Bet on Raptors basketball at PointsBet Canada

Looking to bet on some Raptors action? Join PointsBet, one of Canada's favourite books for new bettors!

Sign Up Now  
Raptors vs Timberwolves odds
Raptors vs Timberwolves live odds

Get the latest Raptors vs Timberwolves NBA odds.

Raptors vs Timberwolves opening odds
Spread: Toronto +12 | Minnesota -12
Moneyline: Toronto +550 | Minnesota -800
Over/Under: Over 220.5 | Under 220.5
Raptors vs Timberwolves spread and Over/Under analysis
The Raptors opened this matchup as 12-point road underdogs, and bettors don't like this spot for them as the line has moved to 14.5.
I would lean to laying the points with the Timberwolves here. The Raptors showed a good effort against a short-handed 76ers team, but playing a much more talented T-wolves squad that is one of the best defensive teams in the NBA in the second half of a back-to-back is a recipe for disaster. Remember, the Raptors got run out of their own building by 30 points against the Cavs just a few days ago.
The total for this matchup hit the board at 220.5 and early bettors have hit the Under, dropping the number to 218.5 as of Saturday afternoon.
The T-wolves have room to improve on offense and the Raptors gave up 136 points to the Cavs. Minnesota could do most of the heavy lifting here, even if the Toronto offense stalls at some point.
Raptors vs Timberwolves trend

The Timberwolves have only covered the 1Q spread in 37 of their last 93 games for -26.80 Units and a -25% ROI. Find more NBA betting trends for Raptors vs. Timberwolves.

Raptors vs Timberwolves game info
Location:	Target Center, Minneapolis, MN
Date:	Saturday, 10-26-2024
Tip-off:	8:00 p.m. ET
TV:	TSN, FDSNNO
Raptors vs Timberwolves latest injuries

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Ontario Sportsbooks
Prince Edward Island Sports Betting
Mississippi Sports Betting
Minnesota Sports Betting
Ontario Online Casinos
Basketball Betting Sites
March Madness Betting Sites
Best Ontario Betting Apps
Interac Betting Sites Ontario
Paypal Betting Sites Ontario
   
Andrew Caley
Senior Betting Analyst

When his dreams of becoming the next Steve Nash died, all Andrew “Taco” Caley wanted to do was write about sports, something he’s been doing at Covers for more than a decade. A Journalism School grad from Holland College in Charlottetown, PEI, Andrew previously worked at The Chronicle Herald and Star Metro, but knew in his heart that his future lay in sports. He began at Covers as a news editor and has now done everything under the sun when it comes to content. His work has been seen on TSN, Sportsnet, VSiN, and CBS.

These days Andrew’s betting expertise is focused on his favorite teams – the Toronto Blue Jays and Toronto Raptors. He’s also an avid college football fan and bettor. He can’t be friends with you if you don’t appreciate a Service Academy Under. You can also call him Covers’ Sixth Man, as he regularly steps up to guest host Before You Bet and our MLB and NCAAF release shows.

The sportsbook where he does the bulk of his betting is bet365 thanks to its numerous prop betting options and competitive odds. His best advice? Find the balance between the numbers and what you see on the playing field. Then find the best price using multiple books. And don’t ask him where the nickname Taco comes from. It’s not an interesting story. Seriously.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Upcoming Picks
 Thunder vs Knicks Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Douglas Farmer
 Commanders vs Buccaneers Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Josh Inglis
 Packers vs Eagles Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Broncos vs Bills Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Rohit Ponnaiya
 Steelers vs Ravens Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
 Chargers vs Texans Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Jets vs Kings Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s NHL Game
Neil Parker
 Ohio State vs Texas Predictions, Odds and Picks for the Cotton Bowl
Andrew Caley
 Minnesota vs Wisconsin Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s College Basketball Game
Rohit Ponnaiya
 Canucks vs Hurricanes Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s NHL Game
Todd Cordell
Popular Content
 Thunder vs Knicks Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Douglas Farmer | Jan 10, 2025
 Warriors vs Pacers Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Ed Scimia | Jan 10, 2025
 Best NBA Player Props Today for Jan. 10: Outlook Bright for White
Andrew Caley | Jan 10, 2025
 Pelicans vs 76ers Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Zak Hanshew | Jan 10, 2025
 Bucks vs Magic Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Chris Faria | Jan 10, 2025
 2025 NBA Defensive Player of the Year Odds: Wembanyama The Favorite
Jared Hochman | Jan 10, 2025
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/nba/raptors-vs-timberwolves-prediction-picks-saturday-10-26-2024 
 ----- 
