Subscribe to WSN. Sign up for special offers

Home
 
NBA
 
NBA Prop Bets

NBA Player Props and Best Bets for October 26 - Lakers Try for a 3-0 Start!
Contributors
Published October 26, 2024
6 min read

You can claim a 3 month trial of NBA League Pass ahead of the NBA’s Saturday slate of games! Many teams are on their season's first back-to-back, so keep your eyes peeled for underperformances from stars and surprises by role players given a more significant opportunity.

For the best NBA player prop bets, WSN has you covered with betting picks and tips every day throughout the 2024-25 NBA season! Wherever you are, WSN has collected the best active sportsbook promos and welcome offers so you can make the most of your sports betting experience!

There are some exciting games on the schedule for Saturday! Denver aims to win their first game of the season behind Jamal Murray, while Josh Giddey faces his old team for the first time since joining the Bulls. And keep an eye on the Los Angeles Lakers, as Anthony Davis is on fire to begin the 2024-25 NBA campaign.

Let's check out the bets!

How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+

FanDuel

4.5/5

Free play options

Special contests for newbies

BET $5, GET $200 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | Terms and conditions apply

Claim Now
FanDuel Review
Get 3 Months of NBA League Pass With FanDuel Sportsbook

Want to catch NBA games wherever you are? WSN has excellent news! FanDuel Sportsbook is giving new users 3 months of NBA League Pass along with their usual $300 in bonus bets. To snag this offer, create a new FanDuel account and place an initial wager of $5 or more. Once your bet wins, you'll have NBA League Pass and bonus bets ready to use. Click below to claim your offer!

FanDuel Sportsbook Promo for NBA Saturday, October 26 - Earn $300 in Bonus Bets

Prepare yourself for an exciting NBA Saturday! New users can take advantage of FanDuel Sportsbook’s incredible welcome offer. Follow these simple steps to claim your FanDuel Sportsbook welcome offer:

Register for your FanDuel Sportsbook account through the mobile app.

Make a first-time deposit of $5 or more.

Place your first real money wager, at least $5, on any live market.

Await the result of your wager.

If your initial wager wins, you’ll get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel! You’ll also receive three months of NBA League Pass, so you won’t miss a game! Bonus Bets will expire after seven days, are not cashable, and must be wagered at least once. This welcome bonus is available for new users and can be claimed in all states where FanDuel operates.

If you’re unsure about your betting experience, check out our expert review of FanDuel Sportsbook! We provide the best tips, insights, and guides to make your NBA betting experience as enjoyable as possible!

Best NBA Player Props: LA Clippers vs. Denver Nuggets (5:00 PM EST)
Jamal Murray Points Under 19.5 (+100) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 12.0 PTS, 6.0 REB, 4.0 AST, 2.0 3PM, 30.8% FG%

Jamal Murray has had a rough go of it, particularly from the close of last season until now. Relied on to provide Jokic reprieve offensively, the unbalanced nature of the Nuggets roster has placed pressure on Murray and the team’s stars. He struggled in his opening match, scoring just 12 points on 30.8% shooting, and it won’t get any easier against a tenacious Clippers defense. The Nuggets’ role players project to struggle again, and Murray doesn’t have the support that suggests he’ll overcome his early-season slump.

Claim $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel Sportsbook!

Best NBA Player Props: Cleveland Cavaliers vs. Washington Wizards (7:00 PM EST)
Darius Garland Points Under 17.5 (-106) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 10.0 PTS, 1.5 REB, 6.0 AST, 2.0 3PM, 34.8% FG%

Darius Garland has gotten off to a slow start to the 2024-25 NBA season. The Cavaliers’ tricky point guard is a talented scorer and playmaker, but he’s taken a step back in his struggles to let his co-stars Donovan Mitchell and Evan Mobley shine. In Cleveland’s Friday night win over the Pistons, Garland put up 13 points, six assists, and three made threes on 45.5% from the field and 42.9% from three. Taking on a more subdued role through two games, expect Garland to prioritize his teammates before his offense again.

Win $5 Wager, Get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel

Best NBA Player Props: Oklahoma City Thunder vs. Chicago Bulls (7:00 PM EST)
Josh Giddey Assists Over 5.5 (-113) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 15.5 PTS, 6.0 AST, 5.5 REB, 52.3% FG%

Josh Giddey has looked impressive in his first two games with the Chicago Bulls. Taking on a more significant role after departing the Oklahoma City Thunder, Giddey’s role as a playmaker and offensive hub has suited himself and the Chicago Bulls. In his last game, a win over the Milwaukee Bucks, Giddey put up 17 points, nine assists, and six rebounds in just 24 minutes. Coming up against his old team, expect a motivated Giddey. But even more so, look for Giddey to create better offensive opportunities for his teammates.

Win $5 Wager, Get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel

Best NBA Player Props: Orlando Magic vs. Memphis Grizzlies (8:00 PM EST)
Ja Morant Points Over 20.5 (-106) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 22.0 PTS, 10.0 AST, 5.0 REB, 58.3% FG%

Ja Morant is back and on track to return to All-Star form. After a nail-biter in his opening match, his Memphis Grizzlies fell short on Friday, where Morant posted 24 points and two assists in just 24 minutes of play. The Orlando Magic are one of the league’s slower-paced teams, so expect Morant to force the issue on the offensive side of the ball. Considering Orlando’s tremendous defense, Morant will be relied upon on the scoring end both for scoring and playmaking.

Win $5 Wager, Get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel

Best NBA Player Props: Toronto Raptors vs. Minnesota Timberwolves (8:00 PM EST)
Scottie Barnes Assists Under 6.5 (+120) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 18.0 PTS, 5.5 REB, 4.5 AST, 44.0% FG%

Toronto Raptors All-Star Scottie Barnes enters this game from an impressive performance in a win over the Philadelphia 76ers. He posted 27 points, five rebounds, and four assists on 72.7% shooting from the field. Barnes’ role as the primary playmaker has been limited due to the Raptors’ current crop of injuries, so count on him to be more of a scoring aspect against the Timberwolves. Expect some heavy legs for the Toronto Raptors’ squad, who are on the second leg of a back-to-back.

Win $5 Wager, Get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel

Best NBA Player Props: Sacramento Kings vs. Los Angeles Lakers (10:30 PM EST)
Anthony Davis to Score 25+ Points (-115) at FanDuel Sportsbook

Averages: 35.5 PTS, 12.0 REB, 4.0 AST, 53.6% FG%

Anthony Davis has gotten off to an excellent start this season, helping the Los Angeles Lakers to a 2-0 start. Known as a terror on the defensive side of the ball, Anthony Davis has proven unstoppable offensively to start the year, even against the reigning Defensive Player of the Year. In his last game, a comeback win over the Phoenix Suns, Davis posted 35 points, eight rebounds, four assists, and two blocks on 61.1% shooting. He takes on a Kings team filled with dangerous guards but a frontcourt likely to present little resistance against him.

Win $5 Wager, Get $300 in Bonus Bets at FanDuel

Responsible Gambling

If you or someone you know needs support or wants to speak with a professional about responsible gambling, seek out the correct resources. Call 1-800-GAMBLER to get help, or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. WSN is an advocate for safe gambling practices. Visit our Responsible Gambling Center for more details.

Latest NBA Articles
Show more

NBA Player Props and Best Bets for January 10: Jalen Brunson, Paolo Banchero Props and More

6 hours ago | Grant Mitchell

Kings vs. Celtics Prediction and Odds for January 10: Can the Kings Stay Hot Without Fox?

7 hours ago | Grant Mitchell

Best Warriors vs. Pacers Same Game Parlay: Haliburton and Curry Headline NBA Friday Night

7 hours ago | Christian Jope
4.5/5
Bet $5, Get $200 in Bonus Bets
21+ | Terms and conditions apply
Claim Now

Christian Jope

NBA BETTING ANALYST

Expertise:
NBA
Betting Picks
Christian Jope is a writer, social media strategist, and data analyst. A Queen’s University Alumni, Christian is an author and social media strategist with Raptors Cage, while also working closely with MLSE and Canada Basketball through community-driven events.
MORE ARTICLES BY CHRISTIAN JOPE
Email:
christian.jope@wsn.com
Nationality:
Canadian
Education:
Bachelor of Arts (Applied Economics)
Favourite Sportsbook:
FanDuel Sportsbook
Favourite Casino:
BetMGM Casino
Experience:
6 years
Get special offers and tips straight to your inbox

Sign up to our newsletter to get WSN's latest hands-on reviews, expert advice, and exclusive offers delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
We've been featured on:
We only list licensed sportsbooks
POPULAR
NBA vs WNBA
UFC Weight Classes
DraftKings vs FanDuel
Fair-Weather Fans
Best Movie Training Montages
Parlay Calculator
Horse Racing Calculator
High School Athlete Endorsement Index
NFL Offense Rankings
NFL Defense Rankings
NFL Picks Against the Spread
NFL FUTURES
Super Bowl Odds
NFC Championship Odds
AFC Championship Odds
NFL MVP Odds
NFL Offensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Defensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Win Totals Odds
View All NFL Futures
ABOUT WSN
Contact Us
About Us
Our Team
How We Rate
Responsible Gambling
Careers
Press
Environment and Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Web Accessibility
Sitemap
POLICY
Editorial Principles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Underage Policy
Player Rights
KYC (Know Your Customer)
Security Policy

We support responsible gambling. Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. If you need help, call 1-800-Gambler.

WSN.com is managed by Gentoo Media. Unless declared otherwise, all of the visible content on this site, such as texts and images, including the brand name and logo, belongs to Innovation Labs Limited (a Gentoo Media company) - Company Registration Number C44130, VAT ID: MT18874732, @GIG Beach Triq id-Dragunara, St. Julians, STJ3148, Malta.

Advertising Disclosure: WSN.com contains links to partner websites. When a visitor to our website clicks on one of these links and makes a purchase at a partner site, World Sports Network is paid a commission.

Copyright © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsn.com/nba/best-prop-bets-today-2024-10-26/ 
 ----- 
