Skip to content
Watch
Register
Sign In
ADVERTISEMENT
Maldives president in Delhi to seek aid and reboot ties
6 October 2024
Share
Save
Anbarasan Ethirajan
BBC News
Getty Images
Maldives President Mohamed Muizzu is visiting India this week

Maldivian President Mohammed Muizzu has told the BBC that he is confident that India will come to the aid of the island nation as it faces an economic crisis.

Muizzu, who begins a five-day visit to India on Sunday, is expected to seek a bailout worth hundreds of millions of dollars.

The Maldives is staring at a debt default as its foreign exchange reserves have dropped to $440m (£334m), just enough for one-and-a-half months of imports.

“India is fully cognizant of our fiscal situation, and as one of our biggest development partners, will always be ready to ease our burden, find better alternatives and solutions to the challenges we face,” Muizzu told the BBC in an email interview ahead of his visit.

Experts point out that Muizzu's reconciliatory tone towards Delhi is a far cry from the rhetoric he adopted during his election campaign a year ago. That campaign had centred on an “India out” policy, demanding that Delhi must withdraw its troops from the island nation.

Speaking to the BBC, Muizzu did not directly address his anti-India campaign but said: “We are confident that any differences can be addressed through open dialogue and mutual understanding."

The Maldives' new president wants India out
Maldives president visits India amid trouble in tourist paradise

An Indian relief package will bolster the country’s foreign currency reserves.

Last month, global agency Moody’s downgraded the Maldives' credit rating, saying that “default risks have risen materially”.

But Muizzu told the BBC that Male is not facing a sovereign debt default, adding that the country would not join an International Monetary Fund (IMF) programme to handle the crisis.

"We have our own home-grown agenda," he said.

However, Moody has said that “(foreign) reserves remain significantly below the government’s external debt service of around $600m in 2025 and over $1bn in 2026”.

It’s not clear where Muizzu will find the money to overcome the reserves crisis and that’s where his Delhi visit is seen as crucial. India has already offered financial support worth $1.4bn to Male for various infrastructure and development projects.

Since Muizzu came to power in November 2023, relations between Male and Delhi have become strained.

Soon after taking over, he chose to travel to Turkey and China - his visit to the latter in January was seen especially as a high-profile snub to India as previous Maldivian leaders first visited Delhi after being elected. Around the same time, a controversy erupted in India after three Maldivian officials made derogatory comments about Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Getty Images
The number of Indian tourists visiting the Maldives has dropped after ties took a beating

Muizzu also gave an ultimatum to India to withdraw about 80 troops based in the country. Delhi said they were stationed there to maintain and operate two rescue and reconnaissance helicopters and a Dornier aircraft it had donated years ago.

In the end, both countries reached a compromise by agreeing to replace soldiers with Indian civilian technical staff to operate the aircraft.

Indian troops to exit the Maldives as China gains foothold
Chinese ship's port call in Maldives fans India tensions

Muizzu’s administration also announced that it would not renew a hydrographic survey agreement with India that was signed by the previous government to map the seabed in Maldivian territorial waters.

But the Maldivian president defended his decision.

“The decisions taken are based on our evolving domestic interests and strategic priorities. The will of the people, that elected me 10 months ago,” Muizzu said.

“I believe both the Maldives and India have a better understanding of each others’ priorities and concerns,” he added.

Some of Muizzu's decisions were seen as a way to reduce Delhi’s influence and forge closer ties with India’s rival China.

In February, Muizzu’s administration allowed the port call of a Chinese research ship, Xiang Yang Hong 3, in the Maldives, much to Delhi’s displeasure. Some saw it as a mission to collect data which could - at a later date - be used by the Chinese military for submarine operations.

But Muizzu rejects the pro-China tag.

“I have made clear our foreign policy the day I took office - that it is a ‘Maldives First’ policy. Our relationships with other nations are guided by the principles of mutual respect and trust, non-interference and the pursuit of peace and prosperity,” he insists.

“We believe that through open communication and collaboration, we can address any concerns, contributing to a peaceful and prosperous Indian Ocean region,” he says.

Despite Muizzu's attempts to move Male closer to Beijing, analysts say financial assistance from China hasn’t been forthcoming,

As a result, the president's extraordinary turnaround towards India now is based on harsh realities.

Muizzu’s Delhi visit "is a realisation of how dependent the Maldives is on India, a dependency that no other country will find easy to fill", says Azim Zahir, a Maldivian analyst.

Asia
India
Maldives
Related
Survivor recounts harrowing escape from deadly mine collapse in India
3 hrs ago
Asia
A journalist's murder highlights risks of reporting in small-town India
6 hrs ago
Asia
Hundreds rescued as search for quake survivors continues in Tibet
8 hrs ago
Asia
More
1 day ago
Is two-tier Test system 'greedy' or will it help cricket survive?

After a report by the Melbourne Age suggests that plans for a two-tier World Test Championship would be discussed later this month, BBC Sport looks at the reaction so far.

Cricket
1 day ago
India rescuers race to save men stuck in flooded 'rat-hole' mine

Nine men were trapped on Monday morning after water flooded the narrow hole manually dug to extract coal.

Asia
1 day ago
Students from India say Liverpool is 'so welcoming'

The lives of people of Indian heritage in the UK are celebrated in a new exhibition in Liverpool.

Liverpool
2 days ago
World Test Championship - Australia join SA in final

Australia have joined South Africa in June's World Test Championship final - BBC Sport looks at the points table, how it all works and how you can follow the final.

Cricket
2 days ago
Kohli, youngsters & Bumrah - talking points from Australia's win over India

BBC Sport and data analysts CricViz look at five talking points from the Australia and India series and what England can learn about their next two opponents.

Cricket
Watch
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Arts
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Audio
Weather
BBC Shop
BBC in other languages
Follow BBC on:
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Contact the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info
Contact technical support

Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2ek1x3p7rjo 
 ----- 
