NEWS
SPORT
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
HOT PRESS
SOCCER
Player ratings Ireland v Greece – How the Boys in Green stacked up on a poor night in Dublin
Micheal Clifford
10/09/2024

Ireland have lost their second game on the trot in the Nations League, with a 2-0 home defeat to Greece following a 2-0 home defeat to England at the weekend.

UEFA Nations League Group B2, Aviva Stadium, Dublin 10/9/2024
Republic of Ireland vs Greece
Greece’s Manolis Siopis and Ireland’s Jason Knight
Pic: INPHO/Morgan Treacy

Here’s how the Irish players stacked up in the ratings:

Caoimhin Kelleher – 6

So little to do in the first half he was reduced to saving a shot that was going wide in the first half but could only stand and watch when the first shot on target came his way.

Dara O’Shea – 7

A strong presence at the heart of the Irish defence and despite one poor pass out of defence had a solid game.

Nathan Collins – 6

A solid game was badly undermined by dropping off Ioannidis for the goal that rocked Ireland after half-time, but he was left exposed for the second.

Andrew Omobamidele – 5

Got beaten to a header early on, was on a yellow card after 30 minutes and it was no surprise when he was benched with 15 minutes remaining.

MORE: TRENDING SOCCER
REVEALED: WHY JIM RATCLIFFE PUSHED FOR DAN ASHWORTH’S EXIT FROM MAN UTD
HOPEFUL WORLD CUP DRAW GIVES IRELAND CHANCE TO GET OVER ENGLAND ‘TRAUMA’
HEIMIR HALLGRIMSSON EXPLAINS WHY IRELAND’S WORLD CUP DRAW IS ‘GOOD FOR US’

Alan Browne – 6

Has had better outings in a green shirt; his poor finishing just before half-time symptomatic of an evening when he struggled to make a major impact.

Will Smallbone – 8

The one player who threatened to unlock the Greek defence, produced a couple of sublime reverse passes including one that set up Browne before half-time.

Robbie Brady – 6

Could not be faulted for effort or aggression but if he ran into a referee that was more into law and order he would not have seen out the 90 minutes.

Jason Molumby – 7

Given a bright display in midfield, releasing Ogbene on more than one occasion it was a surprise that he was sacrificial lamb for Evan Ferguson’s introduction.

Jason Knight – 6

At times felt like he was trying too hard to impose himself on the game, summed up by his rushed header early in the second half.

Chiedozie Ogbene – 6

His struggles to track Tsimikas caused the Irish defence some headaches even if his finish for that disallowed goal reminded of the talent he possesses.

Sammie Szmodics – 7

Reminded of an era when John Aldridge ran his legs into stumps, made some great runs but could not be found and led the Irish press.

Subs – 5
Evan Ferguson creaked with rust, while Matt Doherty deserves to shoulder the bulk of the blame for the concession of the second goal while the decision to replace Molumpy baffled.

McAteer was the best to come from the bench but that is a low bar.

Heimir Hallgrímsson – 5
Standing on the line overseeing a change of formation to a back four while urging his players to press,he seemed determined to show that he is not a backseat manager.

But two defeats from two starts, he is already a manager on the backfoot.

UEFA Nations League Group B2, Aviva Stadium, Dublin 10/9/2024
Republic of Ireland vs Greece
Greece’s Fotis Ioannidis scores a goal
Pic: INPHO/Morgan Treacy
SHARE NOW

READ MORE
An Post issue urgent Christmas update as Holyhead closure continues to cause havoc
FAI must invest in structures now to ensure one slip for Ireland WNT doesn’t become a fall
Ireland legend Paul McGrath was always years ahead of his time
MUST READ SOCCER
Amorim insists ‘no disciplinary issues’ over dropping Rashford and Garnacho for derby
Mark Gallagher: Eileen Gleeson replacement is one FAI can’t afford to get wrong
Roy Keane offers Marcus Rashford stark advice after Manchester derby omission
‘They could sack me’ – Pep Guardiola concedes Man City’s poor run could have consequences
Heimir Hallgrimsson hints new Ireland recruits may appear in the new year
‘I’m not good enough’ – Guardiola casts doubt on future after Manchester derby defeat
Show Purposes
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotion Rules
Terms & Conditions
© 2021 – 2024 Extra.ie | DMG Media
Sampling and Survey Panel
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotion Rules
Terms & Conditions
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://extra.ie/2024/09/10/sport/soccernews/player-ratings-ireland-v-greece-how-the-boys-in-green-stacked-up-on-a-poor-night-in-dublin 
 ----- 
