GAA
Soccer
Rugby
Golf
Racing
SUBSCRIBE
|
SIGN IN
MORE STORIES
Irish rugby's lineout failings | Provinces' mixed fortunes | The trouble with the Champions Cup
Rachael Blackmore denied comeback win as Lecky Watson gets the better of Slade Steel
Manchester United late show deepens City crisis
Caoimhín Kelleher. Alamy Stock Photo
UNHAPPY
'It is not always in my hands' - Kelleher confirms he wants to leave Liverpool
The Irish goalkeeper said Liverpool’s decision to sign Georgia’s Giorgi Mamardashvil signals the club want to go in another direction.
11.53am, 9 Sep 2024
6
Gavin Cooney
reports from FAI HQ, Abbotstown

CAOIMHÍN KELLEHER HAS confirmed he wants to leave Liverpool and establish himself as a first-choice goalkeeper elsewhere. 

Kelleher impressed in Ireland’s 2-0 loss to England on Saturday, in what was his first game of the new season. Having made 26 appearances for Liverpool last season during Alisson Becker’s injury absence, Kelleher has once again found himself on the bench from the start of this season under new manager Arne Slot. 

Liverpool have also signed a new goalkeeper, Georgia’s Giorgi Mamardashvili, who will arrive at the club next summer. 

Speaking at a press conference at Irish training ahead of tomorrow’s Nations League clash with Greece, Kelleher said Liverpool rejected offers for him during the summer transfer window and added his club future is not solely in his hands. One of those bids came from Nottingham Forest. 

“I made it clear in the last few years I want to go be a number one and play week in, week out”, said Kelleher. “The club made the decision to get another goalkeeper. From the outside looking in, it looks like they have made a decision to go in another direction.

“My ambition has always been clear the last few seasons that I want to be a number one, playing week in week out. Sometimes from the outside looking in, it looks like it is 100 per cent my decision but at times it is not always in my hands.”

Asked whether he came close to leaving Liverpool during the summer, Kelleher said, “My mission was to go out and play, and be a number one. It has been reported that Liverpool had rejected a few bids as well. It is not always in my hands to make the decision. My ambition is to prove I am good enough to play week in, week out.”

Kelleher is likely to remain Irish number one at least for the rest of the Nations League campaign, with Gavin Bazunu ruled out through injury. 

AUTHOR
Gavin Cooney
View 6 comments
Send Tip or Correction
GREECE
JOHN O'SHEA
REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
SOCCER
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
UNHAPPY
FREE
PODCAST
 
RUGBY WEEKLY EXTRA
Irish rugby's lineout failings | Provinces' mixed fortunes | The trouble with the Champions Cup
12 mins ago
0
FREE
RACING
Rachael Blackmore denied comeback win as Lecky Watson gets the better of Slade Steel
13 mins ago
0
DERBY DRAMA
Manchester United late show deepens City crisis
18 hrs ago
72
MORE FROM US
SECTIONS
TV Listings
Quizzes
Live Blogs
GAA Fixtures
JOURNAL MEDIA
About us
Careers
Contact
Advertise With Us
OUR NETWORK
The Journal 
FactCheck Knowledge Bank 
© 2024 Journal Media Ltd
Terms of Use
Cookies & Privacy
Advertising
Comments
Copyright
Competition
Switch to Mobile
The 42 supports the work of the Press Council of Ireland and the Office of the Press Ombudsman, and our staff operate within the Code of Practice. You can obtain a copy of the Code, or contact the Council, at https://www.presscouncil.ie, PH: (01) 6489130, Lo-Call 1800 208 080 or email: mailto:info@presscouncil.ie
Your Cookies. Your Choice.
Cookies help provide our news service while also enabling the advertising needed to fund this work. We categorise cookies as Necessary, Performance (used to analyse the site performance) and Targeting (used to target advertising which helps us keep this service free).
We and our 133 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Cookie Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our vendors process data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Vendors

Accept All
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the42.ie/kelleher-liverpool-4-6482793-Sep2024/ 
 ----- 
