Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
EASYODDS
Ukraine vs Czech Republic Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 14th October 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 3:30am on Sat 12th October 2024  (last updated 5:31pm 16/10/2024)

Ukraine enter Tarczynski Arena Wroclaw for a match against opponents Czech Republic this coming Monday. They are entering the final stretch of the Nations League B group stage as we have reached the fourth round. Their latest encounter was a belter of a game, which finished with a 3-2 scoreline. An uncommon result, but we would not mind a similar goal fest on Monday.

Ukraine arrive at this match placed as number 24 in the FIFA world ranking, while Czech Republic lack behind as number 46 in the world.

After the third round of the group stage Ukraine are number four on three, while Czech Republic have six as number two.

Ukraine are relatively average in the art of goal-scoring these days. They scored a steady 15 goals in their previous ten matches, for an average of 1.5 per game. They simultaneously allowed their opponents 13 goals, or an average of 1.3 a game. Furthermore, they fought their way to five clean sheets in this run.

When it comes to goal-scoring Czech Republic are not the most prolific side. They scored a sustainable 16 times in their previous ten matches, making it 1.6 goals per game. They conceded 11 goals for an average of 1.1 a game, achieving a clean sheet in four of these matches.

Ukraine vs Czech Republic Prediction
Ukraine Form

In their last three games, Ukraine lost 1-2 against Albania, got defeated 3-2 by Czech Republic before winning 1-0 against Georgia. Ukraine only pulled off two wins from a possible six in recent internationals. Of the remaining four matches, they drew one and lost three, as they scored six and conceded nine goals.

Czech Republic Form

In their last three matches, Czech Republic lost against Georgia by 4-1, beat Ukraine by 3-2 winning 2-0 against Albania. In their last six internationals Czech Republic won twice, while also recording one draw. They endured three defeats in this run, with a scoreline from these matches saying 11 goals conceded and nine scored.

Ukraine and Czech Republic looks like an equal match, and it is difficult to separate one from the other currently, which makes the draw seem worth a punt.

Czech Republic are on a nice streak of scoring at least once in their previous 13 matches.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Ukraine vs Czech Republic Stats
In 8 of the last 10 Ukraine matches the sum of goals was over 2.5
In 4 of the last 5 Ukraine matches in the Nations League B, the sum of goals was over 2.5
In 6 of the last 8 Ukraine matches in the Nations League B, the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 4 of the last 5 Ukraine matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 9 of the last 10 Czech Republic matches the sum of goals was over 2.5
In 5 of the last 7 Czech Republic matches in the Nations League B, the sum of goals was under 3.5
Ukraine vs Czech Republic Team News
Ukraine vs Czech Republic H2H

Their latest encounter was a belter of a game, which finished with a 3-2 scoreline. An uncommon result, but we would not mind a similar goal fest this coming Monday. Ukraine have a 33% win rate against Czech Republic, who won two of these matches. The total record reads 2-2-2, which is worth keeping in mind before you make a choice for your next accumulator, depending on your betting strategy.

Ukraine vs Czech Republic Results

The scenario of both teams to score came out three times in the last six matches between Ukraine and Czech Republic.

Ukraine vs Czech Republic Betting Tips

Having scored just once lately for his country, Mykola Shaparenko will be eager to hit the target again, and the upcoming game presents an opportunity to step up. Czech Republic hope Tomas Chory can inflict some damage on their upcoming opponents by adding to his tally of two goals in his last six international matches.

Ukraine won four of their previous 10 matches across all tournaments at Tarczynski Arena Wroclaw. They drew five and lost one as well, while Czech Republic won three of their last 10 games away. They drew four and lost three. Ukraine kept visitors at Tarczynski Arena Wroclaw from scoring six times in their previous 10 matches on home soil. Meanwhile, Czech Republic have been able to keep a clean sheet in two of their last 10 games away from home.

In the last six encounters between Ukraine and Czech Republic over 2.5 goals came out three times, as Ukraine averaged one goal a game. Czech Republic scored an average of 1.51 goals in these, while both teams scored three times. Ukraine saw over 2.5 goals in seven of their last ten matches across all tournaments, as they scored an average of 1.3 goals during this run. Over 2.5 goals came out in eight of the last 10 matches Czech Republic played across all tournaments. They managed to score an average of 2.2 goals themselves during this run.

Tips
Draw
Ukraine and Czech Republic seem a fairly equal pairing right now, with not a lot to separate the two sides. As such, going for a draw in the betting market seem worth a punt.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/ukraine-vs-czech-republic-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-14th-october-2024 
 ----- 
