COOKIES CONSENT

WE USE COOKIES TO IMPROVE THE WEBSITE FOR YOU.


ACCEPT ALL SETTINGS
COOKIES SETTINGS
EN
COME BACK 

1 min

14 Oct. 2024

4128

Ukraine vs Czech Republic: where to watch the match and how to support the national team

Events
Popular
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Where to watch Ukraine vs Czech Republic?
Situation in the table
Problems with the squad
Support the Ukrainian national team

Share:

The Ukraine national football team continues its performance at the European Nations League tournament. After an unsuccessful start, Rebrov's wards managed to take three points. However, now the team will meet the Czech Republic, which has already beaten the Ukrainians. Find out where to watch the match and in what condition the team is suitable

Order Visit Ukraine branded merchandise and support Ukraine (worldwide delivery)
BUY




After a poor start, with only one win in three matches, the Ukrainian national team continues to compete in the League of Nations. 14 October at 21:45, the Blue and Yellows will face the Czech Republic. 




Where to watch Ukraine vs Czech Republic?




You can watch the match on the regional Suspilne TV channels and on MEGOGO TV streaming services.




Situation in the table




After two defeats in a row, Serhii Rebrov's team managed to take three points against Georgia. 




Currently, the standings do not look very positive for the Ukrainians, as the team is in fourth place after three matches. To improve their chances of qualifying for the top flight, Serhii Rebrov's men need to beat the Czechs.







Don't want to miss important updates and useful materials? Subscribe to our weekly newsletter!







Problems with the squad




The Ukrainian team approached the October matches with a huge personnel problem. Such leaders as Viktor Tsygankov, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Andriy Yarmolenko, Vitaliy Mykolenko, Ruslan Malynovskyi and Andriy Lunin did not join the team due to injuries.




However, the coaching staff managed to balance the team by calling up debutants, some of whom have already played in the match against Georgia.




Support the Ukrainian national team




You can always support Ukraine by ordering exclusive merchandise from Visit Ukraine. Our shop has a variety of unique items and accessories that will help you stand out from the crowd and show your true support for your country. A part of the proceeds from the sale will be used to help Ukrainian citizens affected by the war.



We remind you! Ukraine finished the 2024 Olympics by winning 12 medals, which wasa remarkable achievement for our national team. The medals won have become a source of pride and inspired millions to new achievements. Read here to find out what Ukrainians will remember about the last Olympic Games.



Want to know more? Read the latest news and useful materials about Ukraine and the world in the News section.







Our recommendation for a safe and comfortable trip: 




Visit Ukraine Insurance - insurance for a safe stay abroad without unnecessary expenses;

Green Card - compulsory car insurance for traveling abroad;

Visit Ukraine Tickets - book tickets for buses, trains, and airplanes to/from Ukraine and between cities around the world;

Private Lawyer service - professional legal support on visa and migration issues;

Visit Ukraine Merch - buy patriotic clothing and accessories with worldwide delivery.







© 2018-2024, Visit Ukraine. Use, copying or reprinting of materials on this site is permitted only with a link (hyperlink for online publications) to Visit Ukraine.

All rights reserved.

Frequantly
asked questions
How much does the entire Ukrainian national team cost?
The Ukraine national team squad costs 354.5 million euros. This amount is calculated from the players who played at Euro 2024.
Where is the Ukraine national team in the FIFA ranking?
Why do we need the UEFA Nations League?

RECOMMENDED ARTICLES

2 min

Popular

Oscar 2025: which film has been nominated by Ukraine and who else will present a film about Ukrainians at the 97th Academy Awards ?

Ukrainian and Polish films representing stories about Ukraine will compete for the Oscars 2025. Find out what these films are about and why they are important for world cinema

30 Nov. 2024

More details

2 min

Events

GogolFest returns to Ukraine for the first time since the beginning of the war: when and where will the festival be held?

The legendary contemporary art festival GogolFest will be held in Ukraine for the first time since the beginning of the full-scale war. Find out where and when the festival will take place, what events will be held, and how contemporary art reflects the realities of war in Ukraine

03 Oct. 2024

More details

2 min

Tourists in Ukraine

Top exhibitions in October: what cultural events are worth visiting

This month will delight you with a variety of cultural events that will suit both lovers of contemporary art and those interested in traditional culture. Find out where and when to see interesting exhibitions on various topics

03 Oct. 2024

More details

2 min

Events

Kyiv will restrict traffic on weekends due to the Unbroken Marathon: when and where

Kyiv is preparing to host the Unbroken Marathon on October 12-13, 2024. Find out about the schedule of traffic restrictions, the charitable purpose of the event and its social significance for the city and the country in this difficult time

09 Oct. 2024

More details
INFORMATION
About us
Cooperation
Our partners
User Agreement
Shop
Cooperation with guides and tour operators
FAQ
NAVIGATION
Rules of entry to Ukraine
From Ukraine
Blog
Hotels
Tours
Tickets
PRODUCTS
Green Card
War Risks Insurance
Motor TPL Insurance
Mini Hull Insurance
Apartment All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Apartment All Risks Insurance
House All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Health Insurance
CONTACTS
media@visitukraine.today
info@visitukraine.today
+380939724145
+48724046522
VISA
2024 © Visit Ukraine Today | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://visitukraine.today/blog/4918/ukraine-vs-czech-republic-where-to-watch-the-match-and-how-to-support-the-national-team?srsltid=AfmBOorR8Ah-AOlQbsCaoQveMplaHlJvrs91Yje7i6E4YKwNJSd7UPLr 
 ----- 
