Skip to content
Subscribe Now
59°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
How Oakland A’s latest pitching prospect fared in MLB debut
Oakland Athletics call up No. 13 prospect Joey Estes for debut against Seattle Mariners
Oakland Athletics pitcher Joey Estes takes his place in the dugout after leaving his major league debut against the Seattle Mariners in the fifth inning, Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Oakland, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)
By SHAYNA RUBIN | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 21, 2023 at 4:24 AM PDT

OAKLAND — Applause form Joey Estes’ cheering squad boomed loud over the Coliseum’s tiny crowd of an announced 5,602 on Wednesday afternoon. The Oakland A’s season may be hard to watch, but the excitement around a debut can still puncture the relative silence.

Big crowd or not, Estes’ nerves only started to shake off around the third or fourth inning of his MLB debut.

“The first two innings I couldn’t even feel my legs,” Estes said.

The nerves didn’t show, but a few areas of improvement for the 21-year-old rookie might have. Estes soared through the A’s minor league system for his ability to attack the strike zone with both his fastball and breaking ball — in other words, he doesn’t throw much to chase. A few missed locations bit him against a playoff-contending Seattle Mariners team. He gave up three home runs over his 4 2/3 innings pitched, leading to a 6-3 A’s loss and Mariners sweep on Oakland’s final homestand of the season.

“He’s a guy that’s not going to beat himself,” manager Mark Kotsay said. “He pounds the strike zone, changes speeds and has a good knowledge of what he wants to do out there.”

Estes came in to his debut ranked as the A’s No. 13 overall prospect because his stuff in the zone generated plenty of swing-and-misses in the minor leagues. He found some of that success later on in his debut, recording his first two strikeouts in the fifth inning off his slider and fastball.

Throughout, he showed nearly his full pitching arsenal: A mid-90s fastball with a changeup and slider, he also threw in a few cutters, according to Statcast. Estes is the fifth A’s pitcher to start in his MLB debut this season.

The playoff-contending Mariners came out hot against Estes with Dominic Canzone’s two-run home run in the second inning — the runner on reached via third baseman Jordan Diaz’s throwing error. He found his stride until the fifth inning, where the Mariners lineup came up to bat a third time through. Julio Rodriguez, hit by a pitch in his previous at-bat, hit his 31st home run to center-right field and Cal Raleigh went back-to-back with a home run to deep right to make it 4-1.

Estes was taken out of the game two outs into the fifth inning after allowing a Eugenio Suarez ground-rule double and hitting his second batter, Ty France, with a pitch. Reliever Adrian Martinez couldn’t hold the runners, giving up a two-run double to Canzone to make it 6-1.

Estes finished with five earned runs on six hits, two strikeouts and one walk on 90 pitches.

“He’s going to be in or around the zone and get soft contact with his changeup, which was effective,” Kotsay said. “I think from a standpoint of his mix and what we can work with, I think it’s all there.”

Estes came to the A’s in the Matt Olson trade with the Atlanta Braves last season. He made his professional debut at age 17 in the Braves’ Gulf Coast League. After the trade, Estes impressed immediately with a 92 strikeout season in 20 starts with the high-A Lansing Lugnuts. He started this season with the Double-A Midland Rockhounds and was promoted to Triple-A Las Vegas recently before his official call-up on Wednesday.

“It’s been surreal,” Estes said of his debut. “It’s been a crazy journey for me and I’m still kind of shaken up from it, to be honest.”

To make room on the active roster, relief pitcher Devin Sweet was optioned to Las Vegas. Pitcher Sean Newcomb, who underwent successful left knee lateral meniscus repair surgery on Wednesday, was placed on the 60-day IL to clear a 40-man roster spot.

Zack Gelof hit his 13th home run of the year off Mariners’ starter George Kirby to put the A’s on the board in the fourth inning. Brent Rooker’s two-run home run in the seventh inning cut the Mariners’ 6-1 lead in half. Gelof and Seth Brown had two-hit days.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

The A’s will host the Detroit Tigers for four games to complete their final homestand of the season starting on Thursday.

Originally Published: September 20, 2023 at 3:21 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Dozens injured as trains collide in Strasbourg, France
Sunnyvale: Two arrested in fatal 2017 shooting
Hydrants’ failure casts Los Angeles fire chief into public spat with City Hall
Special counsel Jack Smith resigns after submitting Trump report
Legendary goalie, forever tied to Sharks' lore, to play in San Jose one final time
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
When will California’s Great America close? 7 signs the end is near
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
20
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/20/how-oakland-as-latest-pitching-prospect-fared-in-mlb-debut/ 
 ----- 
