Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Julio Rodriguez Hits Historic Milestone with Mammoth Home Run Wednesday
Seattle Mariners superstar Julio Rodriguez drove in his 100th run of the season on Wednesday afternoon, becoming just the third player in baseball history to accomplish this very rare feat.
Brady Farkas | Sep 20, 2023
Julio Rodriguez Hits Historic Milestone with Mammoth Home Run Wednesday /
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

As the Seattle Mariners battle for their second playoff berth in as many seasons, superstar Julio Rodriguez joined an extremely rare club in baseball history on Wednesday.

With a home run against the Oakland Athletics, Rodriguez accomplished the following, per @MarinersPR:

.@JRODshow44 is the 3rd player age 22-or-younger in @MLB history with 30+ home runs, 100+ RBI & 30+ stolen bases in a season, joining Alex Rodriguez-SEA (1998) & Ronald Acuña Jr.-ATL (2019).

Considering those are two of the best young talents to ever play, that's extremely impressive from Rodriguez, who is likely to garner MVP votes this season from voters. At the time of this posting, the Mariners lead the Athletics 6-1. Seattle entered play at 0.5 games back of the Houston Astros in the American League West and tied with the Texas Rangers for the final wild card spot in the American League.

Rodriguez is now hitting .286 this season with 31 homers and the 100 RBI. He's also stolen 36 bases and has become one of the most impactful players in all of baseball. He's posted an .843 OPS and was named an All-Star for the second time in as many years this season.

After the M's wrap up the series in Oakland, they will be off on Thursday before starting a monumental series with the Rangers in Arlington.

First pitch on Friday night is set for 8:05 p.m. ET. Rookie right-hander and Texas native Bryce Miller will pitch for Seattle while the Rangers haven't named a starter as of this posting.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 20, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/seattle-mariners-superstar-julio-rodriguez-becomes-third-player-in-baseball-history-to-be-22-or-under-and-have-30-home-runs-30-stolen-bases-and-100-rbi-in-a-season 
 ----- 
