Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Estes 'living in the moment' after making MLB debut
Share
Estes 'living in the moment' after making MLB debut
No. 13 prospect's start derailed by Seattle's 4-run 5th, but 21-year-old isn't focused on result
September 21st, 2023

Martín Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share

0:01

0:17

OAKLAND -- Last September, Joey Estes was a 20-year-old pitcher finishing up his first season at High-A Lansing. Just over a year later, he found himself on a big league mound squaring off against the likes of superstar Julio Rodríguez and the rest of a playoff-contending Mariners squad.

Estes made his Major League debut in Wednesday’s 6-3 A’s loss at the Coliseum, allowing six runs (five earned) on six hits and one walk with two strikeouts across 4 2/3 innings. At 21 years and 347 days old, Estes became Oakland’s youngest starting pitcher to make his debut since Brett Anderson (21 years, 68 days) in 2009.

“For this young man, at 21, to be making a Major League debut, says a lot about the organization’s belief in his abilities,” manager Mark Kotsay said. “The confidence we have in him as well. Through this season, he’s been able to make an impression that he’s capable of coming here and competing at the highest level.

“It’s an exciting day for the organization and for him.”

Reaching the Majors at such a young age is no easy task, particularly for a lesser-hyped amateur player like Estes, who was a 16th-round pick out of Paraclete High School (Lancaster, Calif.) by the Braves in the 2019 MLB Draft.

But since his acquisition from Atlanta as part of the return for Matt Olson in 2022, Estes has been described by Oakland’s scouting department as somewhat of a revelation.

Despite not being invited to big league camp this spring, Estes has ascended through Double-A and Triple-A this season, combining to post a 3.74 ERA in 27 games (23 starts) with 131 strikeouts over 137 innings.

Officially getting his contract selected from the Minors on Wednesday morning, he arrived to the A’s ranked as the club’s No. 13 prospect by MLB Pipeline.

“I was just working towards a goal,” Estes said. “I wasn’t really focused on when they would call me up. I just wanted to pitch and give the best of my ability out there.”

Related
'We're all going to miss him': A's imagine Spring Training without Rickey

January 11th, 2025

A's sell out 2025 season tix at Sutter Health Park

January 10th, 2025

Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

January 10th, 2025

Estes, A's proud to represent Oakland to the end

September 29th, 2024

After nostalgia-filled day, A's hope to end time in Oakland strong

September 23rd, 2024

'Really proud of him today': Estes' emotional return sparks A's win

August 26th, 2024

On hand at the Coliseum to take in Estes’ debut was a large contingent of friends and family members, including his parents, Joe and Elise, and two brothers, Nick and Cameron. The group sat about 10 rows behind the A’s dugout and greeted Estes with a standing ovation each time he walked off the mound.

“Everyone you could think of was all here,” Estes said. “It’s awesome to have them here supporting. I heard them all the whole time. I’m just super thankful and grateful for them.”

Estes admittedly found it difficult to shake off the nerves that typically come with a debut. He “couldn’t feel” his legs in the first two innings, yet he fared well in the early goings, limiting Seattle to one earned run through four frames.

Facing Estes a third time through the order in the fifth was when the Mariners really broke through with back-to-back homers by Rodríguez and Cal Raleigh.

Still, the A’s saw plenty to like from the rookie. He pounded the zone with 60 of 90 pitches going for strikes while generating 12 whiffs, including seven on his fastball, which maxed out at 95.4 mph.

“He’s a guy that is not going to beat himself,” Kotsay said. “He pounds the strike zone and changes speeds. It looks like he has a good knowledge of what he wants to do out there. For a first outing, he didn’t give up [many] free bases. …

“I was happy with what I saw. The fastball plays when the changeup is down, and I think he’s got enough of a mix to have success.”

With 10 games left on the schedule, Estes will get at least one more start with the A’s before season’s end. While the final line was not up to par with the standard Estes has set throughout a successful Minor League career, Wednesday was nonetheless an experience he will never forget.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It was surreal,” Estes said. “I’m still kind of shaken up from it, to be honest. … I’m not really worried about results and the whole thing right now. I’m just happy to be living in this moment.

“I worked very hard to get here, so I’m just living in the moment.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Oakland Athletics
Joey Estes

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/joey-estes-makes-mlb-debut-in-a-s-loss-to-mariners 
 ----- 
