Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Prospects
History
Podcast
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
The fan's hero of the Mariners 7-2 win over the Athletics was... A Husky?

JP Crawford hit a homer late in the Mariners win over the Athletics, and everyone was excited about it. None more so than the Husky who ended up in the Mariners dugout with JP Crawford

By
Christopher O'Day
|
Sep 20, 2023
Seattle Mariners v Oakland Athletics | Lachlan Cunningham/GettyImages

From the headline, you would think that I meant someone from either the University of Washington or UConn, right? Maybe a small school from somewhere that has "Huskies" as their team name? Nope. I legitimately mean a dog.

The Mariners were in control all night, giving Castillo a couple of runs of support before charging ahead in the 7th inning to give the Mariners a 6-0 lead. Castillo threw great, delivering seven strong innings, and joined the 200K club for the Mariners, becoming just the 8th player to do so in team history. That's not what I'm here to talk about though.

The Mariners had a legit Husky in the dugout in the 9th inning!

JP Crawford came to the plate in the 9th with the Mariners up 6-2. He's been having a great year at the plate, providing more power than we thought he was capable of, already blasting a career-high in homers with 15. He decided to add sweet 16 to the mix, slashing a low breaking ball into the right field seats for a homer. Normally, your teammates would celebrate with you in the dugout. Well, Crawford had someone way cooler than that.

what that dog doin pic.twitter.com/GZKH28HCIz

— Seattle Mariners (@Mariners) September 20, 2023

It turned out to be Bark at the Park night for the Athletics, a night that the Mariners themselves have held many times over the years. This husky happened to belong to one of the cameramen, and he ended up in the dugout to celebrate with JP. Crawford has a couple of huskies of his own, so it makes sense that he would be the one to end up hanging out with the adorable pup.

I always like seeing these kinds of stories, and it makes me think of one of the other sites here at FanSided, Dog O'Day. Also, it's my last name, so it always sticks in my head. Maybe the Mariners can get a good luck doggo in their clubhouse? With 11 games left and a lot riding on them, they'll need all the luck they can get. Go Mariners!

Home/Mariners News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sodomojo.com/posts/the-fan-s-hero-of-the-mariners-7-2-win-over-the-athletics-was-a-husky-01hat13qbsnk 
 ----- 
