NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oct 23, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat president Pat Riley addresses the crowd during the Pat Riley Court dedication ceremony at halftime at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images Jim Rassol-Imagn Images
Miami Heat Blown Out In Season-Opening Loss To Orlando Magic
Originally posted on Miami Heat on SI
By Shandel Richardson  |  Last updated Oct 23, 2024 10:27 PM ET

The night began as a celebration for Miami Heat team president Pat Riley.

It ended with an ugly loss to the Orlando Magic in the season opener at Kaseya Center.

On the night the Heat named the court after Riley, they were blown out 116-97 Wednesday. The poor performance spoiled the night.

The Heat had no answer for the tandem of Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner. Banchero finished with 33 points and 11 rebounds while Wagner had 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting.

The Heat sputtered on offense, shooting just 38 percent from the field. Guard Terry Rozier led the way with 19 points, but stars Bam Adebayo, Jimmy Butler and Tyler Herro all struggled. Adebayo and Butler combined to shoot 2 of 13 for 12 points while Herro finished with 14 points.

The game was a reminder of the Heat choosing to keep the same roster this offseason instead of making moves during free agency. The positive was the organization put on a solid ceremony for Riley, who transformed the Heat in the mid 1990s.

An expansion franchise, the Heat has become arguably one of the top franchises in league history. Since Riley's arrival, they have won three championships in seven appearances in the NBA Finals. Much of that can be attributed to Riley because of his ability to attract players like LeBron James, Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Bosh.

This article first appeared on Miami Heat on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Scrappy Magic to get massive upgrade with return of injured All-Star
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA Quiz
The 'NBA lottery era Rookie of the Year' quiz
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
Knicks Rookie Turning Heads in Limited Role

Rookie forward Pacome Dadiet isn't getting much playing time with the New York Knicks, but he is still making strides in his development. The No. 25 overall pick from France is still just 19 years old, but he is making an impression on some of his older teammates, including veteran Josh Hart. “He’ll be good. He’s a hard worker, always trying to get better physically and mentally. But you know how it is. He’s a rookie, man. Sometimes you’ve just gotta develop, bide your time, and when the opportunity comes, you seize it," Hart said h/t Posting and Toasting. “Obviously it’s tough because you’re relying on guys that haven’t been there before, so you don’t know how they’re going to be. So it’s all part of a process. When he gets his opportunities, he’s gotta go out there and use em.” Dadiet has played in 12 games for the Knicks this season, almost exclusively in garbage time. He's averaging 1.6 points per game and hasn't been on the court since Dec. 19 against the Minnesota Timberwolves. Dadiet has spent most of his time in the G League with the Westchester Knicks, and coach Tom Thibodeau believes that's the best place for him to be right now. “What the G League does is give [Pacome] an opportunity to get game minutes," Thibodeau said. “Study, prepare, and keep getting better.” Dadiet has played in 14 games for the Knicks G League affiliate, where he has been able to get a lot more playing time than he would in the NBA. That should come in handy down the line when he is far more ready to make a contribution for the Knicks in the Association. The Knicks are back on the court tomorrow night against Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

NBA
Kings-Celtics Injury Report: De'Aaron Fox Status Revealed
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Magic-Bucks Injury Report: Who's In, Who's Out for Friday Night?
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
The 25 worst NBA contracts ever signed
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
PK Subban clears the air following Auston Matthews' bizarre goal…

Following Auston Matthews' overtime goal celebration against the Devils, he was caught pointing at someone, and PK Subban has cleared the air. Lindsay Dunn made waves on Instagram on Thursday when she shared a video from her interview with former NHL all-star PK Subban. The clip referred to a heated moment touching on Auston Matthews' celebration of his overtime goal in the Maple Leafs' dramatic win over the Devils on December 10, 2024. The Leafs' win was nothing short of a comeback story. After being outshot 15-1 in the first period and 27-6 through two, the team rallied in the third when Pontus Holmberg scored a game-tying short-handed goal. In overtime, Matthews chased down a loose puck, outran Brett Pesce, and slid it past Jacob Markstrom for the game-winner. Big as the celebration by Matthews was, though, skating directly to Subban's seat and apparently pointing in his direction, really stole the show. All it seemed to do was feed speculation if this was Matthews' way of sending a message to Subban. The moment was captured in vivid detail by scores of fans, including Subban himself-and generated instant debate. Subban let it go when Dunn brought it up, saying the celebration wasn't directed at him and that Matthews was probably letting his glee be known to Tie Domi, one of the Toronto forward's most ardent supporters, seated nearby. 'I had a couple of my old teammates [who] said that after the game, ' Subban said, 'I was sitting watching the game and a couple guys go 'You were at the game?' and I said 'Yeah I was sitting with Blitzer and Tie' and they said 'Oh we all thought that was Denzel Washington, we didn't even know that was you' so that's what I was told after the game so when I replay it I don't think he was pointing at me. I think he was pointing at Tie' Subban's response would clear up the confusion, proving the celebration was little more than an impassioned utterance in the heat of the moment.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Gary Bettman and the NHL Looking To Make Major CBA Change…

Frank Vatrano recently inked an extension in Anaheim, but with $9 million of deferred money, Commissioner Gary Bettman and the NHL seemingly aren't very happy. The NHL has seen some interesting and very unique contracts over the years, and recently another was signed, as the Anaheim Ducks inked forward Frank Vatrano to a three-year extension, keeping him in Anaheim until he hits 34-years of age. The interesting part of the deal however was the deferred money involved, as both parties looked to get around California state taxes as Vatrano will be paid $900,000 per year from 2035 to 2045, totalling $9 million which will be taxed a lot less if he's out of California by then. While many people found the deal interesting, many also wondered how the league would feel about it, and while they obviously approved it as this breaks no current CBA laws, Elliotte Friedman has revealed that they weren't happy about it, and could look to change that CBA when negotiations for a new deal begin. "While the NHL approved the [Vatrano deferred salary] contract, it is not crazy about these deals and will discuss eliminating them as part of upcoming CBA negotiations." While this seemingly does give teams a way to get around taxes in their current state, that's something that places like Nevada and Florida already get around with no state-tax, so it's unclear exactly why the NHL see this as such an issue. Ultimately though, this was a great deal for Vatrano, as he's still getting paid great money during his playing days in Anaheim, and if any other California teams want to get around this in the same way, it appears as though they have a limited time as the CBA expires in 2025/26, and as of right now, signs point towards the league outlawing this type of deal.

NFL
Colts make huge Anthony Richardson decision ahead of…
The 25 worst trades in the history of the NFL
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NFL Quiz
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders'…
College Football
Watch: Notre Dame advances to CFP championship with…
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…

The NCAA transfer portal has seen yet another elite name come off the board. After being in the portal since Dec. 27, Tulane running back transfer Makhi Hughes is reportedly transferring to Oregon, as revealed in a social media post by On3's Hayes Fawcett. The former three-star recruit from the 2022 recruiting class was a star from the moment he touched down in New Orleans. In his two seasons with the Green Wave, he rushed for 2,779 yards with 22 touchdowns while also adding 30 catches for 243 yards and two receiving touchdowns. Hughes will look to step in and fill the shoes of star running back Jordan James, who announced that he'd be entering the NFL Draft. On top of joining one of college football's elite programs, which is fresh off a dominant season and clinching the No. 1 seed in the College Football Playoff, Hughes will have a chance to be on the same team as his younger brother, Na'eem Offord. The five-star cornerback was the second-highest-ranked recruit in Oregon's 2025 recruiting class. According to On3, Hughes ranked as the No. 1 running back in the transfer portal and as the No. 3 player overall. Hughes also ranked No. 7 in the transfer portal in terms of NIL Valuations, as On3 estimated his value to be $650,000, which is the highest mark for a running back. The Ducks' portal class ranks as the No. 4 transfer haul in the portal, according to On3, with eight transfers coming in and 11 going out.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/miami_heat_blown_out_in_season_opening_loss_to_orlando_magic/s1_16619_41112556 
 ----- 
