Announcing Bigger Payouts
1000x Your Cash Now Available
Announcing Bigger Payouts
1000x Your Cash Now Available
Announcing Bigger Payouts
1000x Your Cash Now Available
Announcing Bigger Payouts
1000x Your Cash Now Available
Sign Up
Log In
The Playbook
NFL
CFB
NBA
UFC
Today's Board
How to Play
Help Center
Download the App
MLB DFS PICKS TODAY FOR PRIZEPICKS: SEPTEMBER 4, 2024

September 4, 2024

By: Shayne Trail

It’s time to lock in for today’s MLB DFS action on PrizePicks. Dive into top MLB picks for September 4 and find the plays that will keep your lineup in the green. 

Whether you’re backing pitcher strikeout projections or stacking hitters, today’s MLB matchups are stacked with opportunities. Below, we’ve got four picks to help you build your lineups.

Don’t forget to head to the PrizePicks MLB board, lock in your picks, and build your perfect lineup to get in on the real money sports action.

Use promo code “Playbook” on PrizePicks and unlock $50 instantly with your first $5 MLB lineup

‍

Phillies P Cristopher Sánchez 4.5 Strikeouts — LESS

Time: 3:07 p.m. 

Breakout Phillies pitcher Cristopher Sanchez comes into Wednesday with a rather tough matchup against the Toronto Blue Jays with a strikeout projection of 4.5. 

The Blue Jays rank inside the top 15 in K%, striking out at a low rate this year. This season Cristopher Sanchez owns a below-average 19% K%. This weak strikeout percentage for Sanchez has resulted in him going 3-for-12 on the More this season on the road on this 4.5 strikeouts projection. 

There has been a theme of Sanchez falling short on the road as he is just 7-for-25 on the More when on the road in his entire career when trying to obtain at least four strikeouts.

This matchup for Sanchez will be an uphill battle from the start when considering the Toronto Blue Jays are one of the best teams in baseball when it comes to attacking Sanchez’s weaknesses. 

NRFI: Marcus Stroman + Nathan Eovaldi 0.5 1st Inning Runs Allowed — LESS

Time: 8:05 p.m. ET

Texas Rangers veteran pitcher Nathan Eovaldi has been a standout in the first inning this season, pitching a scoreless first inning in 18-of-24 starts. Even more impressive is his 12-2 no run first inning (NRFI) split when pitching at home, where he’s held opposing hitters to a .228 average through 202 plate appearances when facing them for the first time. 

Meanwhile, the New York Yankees are also riding a hot NRFI streak, going 8-2 in their last 10 games when hitting in the first inning. On the road, the Yankees have managed a 61% success rate in avoiding a first-inning run, making this matchup a rather appealing NRFI candidate.

On the other side, Yankees’ newly acquired pitcher Marcus Stroman has also excelled in NRFI scenarios. Stroman has pitched 17 scoreless first innings in 26 starts, with an impressive 10-2 NRFI record when on the road. This season, Stroman has been much more effective away from home, sporting a 2.56 ERA on the road compared to a 4.86 ERA at home. 

On the other side, the Texas Rangers have struggled offensively in the first inning at home, failing to score in 74% of those games, which plays into Stroman's advantage.

A quick, simple, six outs should be easy to achieve for these two pitchers given their respective NRFI stats.

Use promo code “Playbook” on PrizePicks and unlock $50 instantly with your first $5 MLB lineup

‍

Demon Pick: Nationals 2B José Tena 1.5 Total Bases — MORE

Time: 6:40 p.m. ET

In Washington, Nationals second baseman José Tena is poised for a strong day at the plate against Miami Marlins right-hander Valente Bellozo. Bellozo has struggled mightily in limited action this season, allowing a 12% barrel rate, a 51% hard-hit rate, and a troubling 36% fly ball rate over 180 plate appearances. 

Tena, though young, has made the most of his opportunities, posting a 19% barrel rate and a 61% hard-hit rate, along with a 38% fly ball rate against fastballs. He’s also shown potential against changeups, which Bellozo throws 20% of the time, slashing them for a 67% hard-hit rate and a 33% barrel rate in a small sample size.

This matchup presents a prime opportunity for Tena to capitalize on a pitcher struggling with control and hard contact. 

Note: Demon picks add a payout boost to your lineup on PrizePicks, as they are more difficult projections to hit.

Goblin Pick: Red Sox CF Jarren Duran 1.5 Hits+Runs+RBIs — MORE

Time: 7:10 p.m. ET

Jarren Duran has a tremendous positive matchup today against New York Mets Tylor Megill. This season MeGill has allowed a 10% barrel rate, 55% hard-hit%, and a very weak 25% whiff% against left-handed hitters in 120 appearances.

This season the 4-seam fastball has been MeGil’s go-to pitch, throwing the 4-seamer 51% of the time. Against the fastball, Duran owns a 16% barrel rate, 60% hard-hit percentage, and a 35% flyball rate in 135 plate appearances. 

Duran is also on an extremely hot streak, tallying at least one hit in nine out of his last 10 games and 17 of his last 20 when on the road. Against the New York Mets, Duran has at least one hit in every game against the New York Mets since 2023, going a perfect 5-for-5.

This matchup for Duran has tremendous upside when considering all factors against Megill.

Note: Goblin picks reduce your payout on PrizePicks, as they are easier projections to hit.

Lock in on PrizePicks MLB Today

You’ve got the picks, now it’s time to build your MLB DFS lineup. Whether you’re going with demons or goblins, there’s always real money sports action waiting for you on PrizePicks.

Pick more or less on two or more player projections on PrizePicks, set your lineup, and lock in for today’s MLB DFS slate. Keep coming back to the Playbook for more insights on MLB DFS.

Use promo code “Playbook” on PrizePicks and unlock $50 instantly with your first $5 MLB lineup

‍

Follow Shayne Trail for more MLB Picks: @ShayneTrail

More Fresh Picks & Insights
MLB
How to Play PrizePicks MLB & Fantasy Scoring System
August 30, 2024

Learn how the MLB fantasy scoring system works on PrizePicks for pitchers and hitters, so you can turn your picks into cash.

Read more
MLB
MLB DFS Picks for PrizePicks Today: September 24, 2024
September 24, 2024

Discover the best MLB PrizePicks today for September 24, 2024, including a sneaky good NRFI pick. Make your lineup and cash in on Taco Tuesday promos!

Read more
MLB
World Series Game 5 Picks for Dodgers vs. Yankees Today
October 30, 2024

Get five MLB Picks today for World Series Game 5 Yankees vs. Dodgers for MLB DFS on PrizePicks, including hitter and pitcher picks, plus projections.

Read more
MLB
Dodgers vs. Yankees Picks for World Series Game 4: MLB PrizePicks Today
October 29, 2024

Get three MLB Picks today for World Series Game 4 Dodgers vs. Yankees, including MLB DFS Projections for Luis Gil, Shohei Ohtani, and Freddie Freeman.

Read more
MLB
World Series Game 3 Picks for Dodgers vs. Yankees Today on PrizePicks
October 28, 2024

Get four MLB DFS Picks today for World Series Game 3 Yankees vs. Dodgers, including starting pitchers Clarke Schmidt and Walker Buehler on PrizePicks.

Read more
MLB
World Series Game 1 Picks for Yankees vs. Dodgers Today
October 25, 2024

Find the MLB PrizePicks today for World Series Game 1 Yankees vs. Dodgers, including hitters, pitchers, and a HR picks and projections on PrizePicks.

Read more
View all
Time to hit the lab

Get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 Lineup!

Use Code: PLAYBOOK
Join the largest squad in
Daily Fantasy Sports
Join our Discord
SPORTS
Daily Fantasy NFL
Daily Fantasy NBA
Daily Fantasy MLB
Daily Fantasy CFB
Daily Fantasy NHL
Daily Fantasy Esports
Daily Fantasy All Sports
PLAYBOOK
NFL DFS
NBA DFS
MLB DFS
CFB DFS
Daily Fantasy Latest News
2025 Super Bowl
COMPANY
Awards
Careers
Press
Merch Store
RESOURCES
Download App
Where to play DFS
The Esports Lab
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Responsible Gaming
Sitemap
Accessibility Statement
HELP CENTER
Live Support
Withdrawals
Deposit
Payouts
Eligibility
SOCIAL
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Discord
Twitch

$50 provided as promo funds, only for use on PrizePicks. Promo funds provided under this promotion must be played within 90 days of receipt or shall become null and void at PrizePicks' discretion. Promo ends 12/31/25. Void where prohibited. If you or someone you know has a gaming problem, get help. Crisis services and responsible gaming counseling can be accessed by calling 1-800-426-2537 or online at www.ncpgambling.org. 18+ in most eligible jurisdictions, but other age and eligibility restrictions may apply. Valid only in jurisdictions where PrizePicks operates. See prizepicks.com/terms for full PrizePicks terms of service.

© 2025 PrizePicks. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.prizepicks.com/playbook-article/mlb-dfs-picks-today-for-prizepicks-september-4-2024 
 ----- 
