Menu
 Credit: Rafael Suanes-USA TODAY Sports
 Home/MLB Picks/Miami Marlins vs Washington Nationals Prediction 9-4-24 MLB Picks
MLB Picks
Miami Marlins vs Washington Nationals Prediction 9-4-24 MLB Picks
 Chris Ruffolo 
Follow on X

Washington Nationals (62-76) vs. Miami Marlins (51-87)
September 4, 2024 6:40 pm EDT
The Line: Miami Marlins +125 / Washington Nationals -147; Over/Under: +8
(Get latest betting odds)

The Washington Nationals and the Miami Marlins meet Wednesday in MLB action from LoanDepot Park. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best bets for this game. Here’s a Miami Marlins vs Washington Nationals Prediction.

Starting Pitching Matchup

The Washington Nationals will send out MacKenzie Gore here and Gore is 8-11 with a 4.45 ERA and 146 strikeouts this season. In his career, Gore is 1-1 with a 3.65 ERA and 17 strikeouts against the Marlins. Valente Bellozo will get the nod for the Marlins here and is 2-2 with a 4.32 ERA and 32 strikeouts this season. This will be Bellozo’s first career start against the Nationals.



Washington Nationals Recap

The Washington Nationals come into this one looking to build on their series-opening 6-2 win over the Marlins from Tuesday’s matchup. The win put the Nationals on the right track to bounce back after being swept by the Chicago Cubs this past weekend.

Nationals Trying To Build Positive Vibes Going into 2025

CJ Abrams has 121 hits along with 18 home runs and 62 RBIs to go along with 26 doubles, 6 triples, and 28 stolen bases. Luis Garcia Jr. has a team-high 126 hits including 23 doubles with 63 RBIs and 21 stolen bases. Jacob Young has 31 stolen bases as well this season.

Why the Washington Nationals will win
The Nationals have won each of their last eight games against the Marlins.
The Marlins have lost each of their last seven games against the Nationals following a loss.
The Nationals have covered the run line in each of their last 10 games against the Marlins following a win.
The Marlins have failed to cover the run line in each of their last seven games against the Nationals following a loss.
Miami Marlins Recap

The Miami Marlins come into this one looking to bounce back after falling flat in Tuesday’s series opener. The loss put the Fish behind the 8-ball in terms of trying to build on their series win over the Giants from this past weekend.

Marlins Looking To Climb out Of NL East Basement By Season’s End

Jake Burger leads the Marlins with 25 home runs and 59 RBIs along with 109 hits while Jesus Sanchez has 17 home runs and 57 RBIs with 20 doubles. Xavier Edwards also has a team-high 22 stolen bases while Burger has the dubious distinction of leading the Marlins with 126 strikeouts this season.

Why the Miami Marlins will win
The underdogs have won seven of the Nationals’ last eight games at LoanDepot Park.
The Nationals have lost each of their last four games as favorites following a road win.
The underdogs have covered the run line in each of the Nationals’ last eight games at LoanDepot Park.
The Nationals have failed to cover the run line in each of their last five games as favorites following a road win.
Miami Marlins vs Washington Nationals Prediction

I’m going to back the Nationals here. Washington for my money is simply the better team, and the Marlins just can’t get over the hump against Washington, having lost all their games against the Nationals this season. Bellozo isn’t in good form to begin with, and the Fish have struggled against left-handed pitching all year long and I don’t think this game’s going to be any different. Give me Washington here.

Chris Ruffolo's Free Pick: Washington -147
Need More? Get Premium Picks
Miami Marlins Washington Nationals
 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
Chris Ruffolo
Chris joined the Sports Chat Place team in August 2016 and has a proven system that combines multiple analytical and situational statistics and trends to give out thousands of winning picks over the last three years with winning records across all of the top leagues, Follow Chris Ruffolo on Twitter @ruffthepickdawg
Website
X
Related Articles
PrizePicks MLB 6-Pick Power Play – LAD at NYY – World Series Game 5 – 10/30/24
FanDuel MLB Single Game Showdown – LAD at NYY – World Series Game 5 – 10/30/24
Draftkings MLB Showdown Picks: Dodgers vs. Yankees 10/30/24
Sportsbooks Reviews
DraftKings
Read Review
FanDuel
Read Review
Caesars
Read Review
BetMGM
Read Review
PointsBet
Read Review
Sports Chat Place is the original free picks and sports betting news site delivering today’s best bets and free sports picks and predictions. Our coverage includes sports betting odds and parlays, underdogs, and expert handicappers. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435 We are doing what we love to do -- putting people on winning sports bets. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435
How to Bet on Sports
What is Sports Chat Place?
The SCP Betting Experts
We’re Looking for Sports Writers
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Advertise
Subscribe to our Feed

© Copyright 2025, All Rights Reserved  |  Sports Chat Place / Dawn Patrol, LLC. | 18+

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline 1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org

Back to top button
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportschatplace.com/mlb-picks/miami-marlins-vs-washington-nationals-prediction-9-4-24-mlb-picks/ 
 ----- 
