 MENU
My Picks
Washington Nationals vs Miami Marlins Prediction MLB Picks 9/4/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 3, 2024 10:13 pm
Miami Marlins (51-86) vs Washington Nationals (61-76)
Game Info: Wednesday, September 4, 2024 at 6:40 pm (loanDepot park)
Valente Bellozo (2-2) (4.32) vs MacKenzie Gore (8-11) (4.64)
Betting Odds: Miami Marlins +125 / Washington Nationals -147 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY, MASN

The Washington Nationals and the Miami Marlins meet Wednesday in MLB action from LoanDepot Park. Here’s a Washington Nationals vs Miami Marlins prediction. This will be the final installment in a two-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Nationals vs Marlins pick. We will examine:

The Washington Nationals' recent form and player performance

The Miami Marlins' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Washington Nationals

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends in games played between the Nationals and Marlins

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Nationals vs Marlins game

Washington Nationals Betting Preview

In their weekend series, the Nationals took on the Chicago Cubs. Washington was swept in those games 7-6, 5-3, and 14-1. On Tuesday versus the Marlins, the Nationals posted 11 hits on the way to a 6-2 win. Starter Patrick Corbin gave up two earned in 5.2 innings.

In the starter role for Washington on Wednesday it’ll be MacKenzie Gore. This year Gore is 8-11 with a 4.45 ERA in 27 starts. Over his career, Gore is 19-25 with a 4.45 ERA in 70 games (67 starts).

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

Over on the Marlins’ side, they played the San Francisco Giants over the weekend. Miami lost Friday but won the remaining pair. On Tuesday the Marlins put up eight hits and two errors. Max Meyer put up 5.2 innings with five earned runs in the starting role.

Valente Bellozo will start for the Marlins on Wednesday. This season Bellozo is 2-2 with a 4.32 ERA in the first eight starts of his career.

Total Runs Facts
Nine of the Nationals' last 10 night games after playing the previous day have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Five of the Marlins' last six night games against National League opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Marlins' last four games as home underdogs against NL East opponents.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Nationals' last three games.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Jake Burger has recorded at least one hit in each of the Marlins' last eight night games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Jake Burger has scored a run in three of the Marlins' last four games as home underdogs.
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one Single in each of the Marlins' last six night games against opponents that held a losing record.
Jake Burger has hit at least one home run in five of the Marlins' last 11 games as home underdogs.
Jake Burger has recorded at least one total base in each of the Marlins' last eight night games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Washington Nationals Player Prop Facts
Joey Gallo has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last four appearances in night games against NL East teams that held a losing record.
MacKenzie Gore has recorded five or more strikeouts in three of his last four appearances with the Nationals as favorites against NL opponents.
CJ Abrams has recorded at least one hit in each of his last six appearances with his team as a favorite against NL East opponents.
Jacob Young has scored at least one run in eight of the Nationals' last nine games against the Marlins.
Jacob Young has recorded a Double in three of the Nationals' last four road games against NL opponents.
Jacob Young has recorded at least one Single in eight of the Nationals' last nine road games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Joey Gallo has hit at least one home run in each of his last two appearances with his team as a favorite against NL East opponents.
Ildemaro Vargas has recorded two or more total bases in each of his last four appearances against the Marlins.
Washington Nationals vs Miami Marlins Prediction

I’m staying with the Nationals. Gore had a rough outing versus Philly on August 17 (5.2 innings; five earned) but since then he’s been better. In his last pair, Gore is 1-0 with three earned in 12.0 innings. As for Bellozo, he’s given up 11 earned over his last 8.2 innings, going 0-1 in that pair.

On Tuesday the Nationals scored three runs (thanks to Joey Gallo) in the fourth inning and never looked back. The bullpen was great as well with 3.1 innings, one hit, no earned, and one walk. I like Washington to close strong on Wednesday.

Andrew’s Pick
Washington Nationals -147
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-04/washington-nationals-vs-miami-marlins-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
