CLOSE
Weather
37°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
The great Ben Fountain left Dallas, but Dallas may never let him go
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was ‘plainly’ wrong, special counsel tells court
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSBAYLOR BEARS

5 takeaways from Baylor’s loss to No. 12 Utah: Bears’ inspired effort comes up short
The Bears held a 13-3 second half lead, but the Utes scored 17 unanswered points to walk away with the road win.

By Michael Haag

Baylor athletics blogger

Sep. 9, 2023
|
Updated 2:59 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Baylor quarterback Sawyer Robertson runs past the Utah defense to score during an NCAA college football game, Saturday, Sept. 9, 2023, in Waco, Texas.(Lauryn Amy / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

Baylor’s McLane Stadium has witnessed absolute anarchy over the last seven days.

Here are five takeaways from Baylor’s gut-wrenching 20-13 loss to No. 12 Utah:

Tough break

College football is a funny sport.

Baylor went from losing its home opener to Texas State 42-31 to nearly upsetting Utah. It’s hard to wrap your mind around losing to a Sun Belt team and then almost taking down the two-time reigning Pac-12 Champion seven days later, but here we are.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Now sitting at 0-2 on the year, Baylor has a chance to get right against the Long Island Sharks next week at home before hosting No. 11 Texas on Sept. 23.

Better O-line

Another improvement for Baylor came in the trenches. The offensive line was atrocious a week ago, and it still committed four false start penalties against Utah. But the group did do a really good job of imposing its will up front against one of the best defenses in the nation.

ADVERTISEMENT

Baylor’s success in 2021 came on the backs of a dominant offensive line. That came in large part to offensive coordinator Jeff Grimes and offensive line coach Eric Mateos, who clearly made improvements in a hurry this week. They’ll look to keep it trending in the right direction.

Night and day difference

This contest felt like a polar opposite to everything that unfolded a week ago. Utah has one of the most imposing front sevens in the country, and Baylor continued to play smashmouth football and dominate at the line of scrimmage. The Bears came out on fire just a week removed from being obliterated by a Sun Belt squad.

Complete 180 for Baylor. The best half of football I've seen in a long time from this squad. Bears start the second half with the ball.

— Joe Goodman (@the_joe_goodman) September 9, 2023
ADVERTISEMENT

Was it the heat? Are the Utes just not up to the challenge without quarterback Cam Rising? It’s tough to say, but Baylor deserves credit for showing up with a chip on its shoulder. The season could have continued to be a sinking ship, but the green and gold showed it wasn’t going to stand for that.

ADVERTISEMENT
Dom = RB1

Aranda emphasized the need to keep an even workload between running backs Dominic Richardson and Richard Reese throughout this week, but that wasn’t the case once again. Richardson took the brunt of the work and showed why he deserves it, running for 77 yards on 14 carries.

Reese’s slow start to the season is a puzzling one, as the 2022 Big 12 Offensive Freshman of the Year just hasn’t been able to find running room. It’s a stark contrast between run plays when Reese totes the rock versus Richardson, and it’s a mystery as to why. The offensive line looked a lot better than last week, but Reese only rushed for 21 yards on seven carries.

Richardson has been the most effective tailback for Baylor so far and it needs to embrace it, at least until Reese finds his footing behind the big boys up front.

ADVERTISEMENT
Could’ve been worse

All eyes were on quarterback Sawyer Robertson as he took over the offense for an injured Blake Shapen (MCL). Robertson had moments of weakness, but he seemed comfortable in the pocket and made decisive throws when it mattered. It helped that Richardson set the tone on the ground and Ketron Jackson Jr. made contested grabs through the air.

ADVERTISEMENT

Robertson did struggle, though, tossing two ill-advised interceptions. There’s a chance he can fill Shapen’s shoes and lead the offense, given what he was able to do against such a stout defense. The Bears may not play a defense that tough for the rest of the season, so Baylor needs to weather through the growing pains with Robertson under center. Saturday was his first-ever collegiate start.

Twitter: @MichaelHaag_

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
2025 NCAA football transfer portal: Tracking moves for Texas Tech, SMU, other area schools
Norchad Omier, VJ Edgecombe lead Baylor over Cincinnati for 10th straight home victory
No. 25 Baylor struggles to find rhythm, sees 4-game win streak snapped by No. 3 Iowa State

Find more Baylor coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Find more college sports coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

More about:
Baylor Bears
Colleges
By Michael Haag

Michael Haag is a journalism student at Baylor and the sports editor for the school's student newspaper, the Lariat. He has covered Baylor football, men's and women's basketball, baseball and more, including the 2022 Allstate Sugar Bowl and multiple Texas Sports Hall of Fame induction ceremonies in Waco.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
2
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
3
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
4
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
5
Trump was the subject of apparent assassination attempt at his Florida golf club, FBI says
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/baylor-bears/2023/09/09/5-takeaways-from-baylors-loss-to-no-12-utah-bears-inspired-effort-comes-up-short/ 
 ----- 
