Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
GM wants to 'establish what White Sox are about'
Share
GM wants to 'establish what White Sox are about'
September 10th, 2023

Scott Merkin

@scottmerkin
Share

DETROIT -- It’s been nine days since Chris Getz was named White Sox general manager, giving him the final voice in baseball operations.

During an interview with three reporters prior to a 3-1 loss to the Tigers Saturday, dropping the elimination number to 1 for the White Sox (55-87), the 40-year-old admitted things are slowing down a bit in terms of getting settled. But his excitement for the major task at hand in fixing an organization trying to avoid 100 losses only has grown since accepting the position.

“Every day I wake up, I’m energized,” Getz said. “Can’t wait to, whether its [getting] to the ballpark or just starting work for that day. Whether it be jumping on phone calls, talking to our staff, whatever it is, I’m not lacking energy to get through my 24 hours.”

Here are just a few more topics addressed by Getz at Comerica Park:

Pedro Grifol
Getz announced at his opening press conference the ‘24 managerial return for Grifol, who has two years remaining on his contract. His support for Grifol hadn’t changed, although Getz did focus on a bigger picture to explore in terms of team improvement.

“These last couple of weeks of the season, I need to spend more time with Pedro, the coaching staff and the players just to learn more about areas that we need to get better,” Getz said. “They are going to highlight some things that can help us do that swiftly but I need to go through that assessment period first.

“Pedro came into a tough situation with the disappointment of 2022. His experience is very valuable with all the different roles he’s had in this game. He has experienced winning. He’s determined to get this right. I think that different type of support, he’ll benefit from. And I think that the leadership starting with myself could really help him do that.”

Who are the White Sox?
That focus, that question, will be answered by Getz and his staff at the outset.

“I need to establish what the White Sox are about,” Getz said. “Whether it be the coming weeks here or months, it’s my job for our players and anyone part of the organization [to understand] what we need to do and what we are about as a White Sox organization.”

Assembling talent has not been an issue for the organization over the years. It’s been building that cohesive unit across the board which is consistently missing.

Related
Santos climbing managerial ladder in White Sox system

January 11th, 2025

Rowand reminisces, chats about '05 championship

January 10th, 2025

White Sox avoid arbitration with Vaughn, 3 more

January 9th, 2025

Veteran lefty Martín Pérez reaches 1-year deal with White Sox (source)

January 8th, 2025

Versatile Rojas on signing with White Sox: 'They didn't really have to sell me too much'

January 9th, 2025

Dalbec swaps socks, signs Minors deal with South Siders

January 7th, 2025

Has this team lacked a true identity? Getz believed it was more about the edge lost by the White Sox.

“There isn’t an obvious recipe to regain an edge,” Getz said. “With that being said, there’s professionalism, there’s loyalty, there’s execution. Those are the big three pillars I often point to.

“With those pillars, there’s a lot to unpack. But it does represent what it takes to be a championship-caliber ballclub.” 

Moves to make
The White Sox have club option decisions for ‘24 to make on shortstop Tim Anderson and closer Liam Hendriks, two staples of the team. But Getz’s overall work runs far deeper than addressing two key players.

This core developed through the rebuild has netted only two playoff wins since 2020 and one American League Central title. It’s going to be a different looking White Sox roster in terms of personnel and style of play.

“We’re a team that needs to get more athletic,” Getz said. “We’ve seen some of the base running that’s been frustrating, whether that be related to effort or the ability to actually take the extra base. All things that are being evaluated and most likely need to be adjusted.

“In regards to the makeup of the roster, it would be shortsighted not to at least exhaust or at least entertain some ways to improve the team. When you’re a sub-60 win team, which we are at this point, I certainly need to find ways to improve this for 2024. If that means we need to acquire some players by moving some of the players who are on this roster, I’m willing to do that.”

Kopech's relief work
Michael Kopech appeared in relief for the first time since ‘21, throwing 17 of his 28 pitches for strikes while allowing a Matt Vierling homer in the seventh. His average fastball velocity was up 0.6 mph, per Statcast, on a night that would have been his rotation turn.

“I thought he was electric,” Grifol said. “His fastball was jumping on hitters ... It was really encouraging.”

Kopech could start again before the end of the season.

“He could end up starting this year,” Grifol said. “If not this year he’ll come into Spring Training as a starter. And we did not move him to the 'pen for the rest of the year. It might turn out that way, it might not.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago White Sox

Senior Reporter Scott Merkin has covered the White Sox for MLB.com since 2003.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/chris-getz-talks-future-plans-before-white-sox-loss 
 ----- 
