Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Dylan Dreyer heads to Boston to learn behind-the-scenes jobs with the Red Sox
MADDIE ELLIS
September 9, 2023 at 3:50 PM

Dylan Dreyer is back in Boston, getting a behind-the-scenes look at the operations at Fenway Park, home of the Boston Red Sox.

Dylan, who used to work at NBC Boston, took the field at the baseball stadium Sept. 8 to learn about all the different jobs needed to make a Red Sox game a Red Sox game.

During her visit, she received a surprise hello from Red Sox coach, Jason Varitek.

There, Dylan got to test her newfound skills during Friday's game against the Baltimore Orioles. The Orioles won 11-2.

For more on Dylan's time behind the scenes at Fenway Park, tune in to the "On the Job" series on the 3rd Hour of TODAY later this month.

Here’s a sneak peek at Dylan’s experience.

Dylan Dreyer takes the field at Fenway Park. (Erin Kim / TODAY)
Dylan Dreyer warms up for her gig as a ball attendant, who's responsible for fetching stray baseballs during the game, for the Boston Red Sox. (Erin Kim / TODAY)
Dylan Dreyer practices catching a ball before putting her skills to the test during a Boston Red Sox game. (Erin Kim / TODAY)

CORRECTION (Sept. 9, 2023, 10:20 a.m. E.T.): A previous version of this article misstated Jason Variteck's role with the Boston Red Sox. He is a coach and former player, not the head coach.

This article was originally published on TODAY.com

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
People
Mark Wahlberg celebrates daughter Grace's 15th birthday with sweet then and now snaps
Parade
Taylor Swift fans face backlash for ‘creepy’ speculation regarding construction at he…
Finance
Reuters
Apple's board recommends shareholders vote against proposal to eliminate diversity pr…
USA TODAY
Project Liberty makes offer to TikTok. Here's what to know about the potential buyer
Food
People
Select Dunkin’ locations are facing a mysterious doughnut shortage
Allrecipes
Gordon Ramsay’s 1-ingredient recipe is so brilliant I’ll be making it all winter long
Lighter Side
USA TODAY
Can you read cursive? It's a superpower the National Archives is looking for
Cheapism
The 10 hardest restaurant reservations to book in America
Sports
USA TODAY Sports
Ravens handle rival Steelers in NFL wild-card showdown
Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture crac…
Weather
USA TODAY
Crews race to contain LA wildfires as menacing winds may ramp up: Live updates
Fox Weather
California wildfires: Death toll rises to 16 as catastrophic Palisades Fire expands, …

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/news/dylan-dreyer-heads-boston-learn-195013894.html 
 ----- 
