We and our 4 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.

Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences
Third Parties

Storage
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
MENU
Lucas Erceg vs. Ezequiel Durán: Head-to-Head Stats Comparison
Compare players and teams or see head to head results between teams, players, player vs. team, or batter vs. pitcher. • Tutorial Video • Sample Searches • Data Coverage
THIS QUESTION WAS ANSWERED USING
POWERED BY
YOUR ALL ACCESS PASS TO THE
BASEBALL DATABASE
GO BEYOND THE BASICS. BECOME A STATHEAD
Start Your FREE Trial
 Show Criteria ➦ Share Results
Ezequiel Durán vs. Lucas Erceg

Regular Season: 1 PA , .000/.000/.000, 0 HR, 1 K

Playoffs: 0 PA

Lucas Erceg vs. Ezequiel Durán: Batter vs. Pitcher
Lucas Erceg vs. Ezequiel Durán: Year-by-Year Totals 
Export Data
Modify, Export & Share Table
Get as Excel Workbook
Get table as CSV (for Excel)
Data Usage Terms
Glossary
Regular Season
Rk	Year	PA	AB	H	2B	3B	HR	RBI	BB	SO	BA	OBP	SLG	OPS	SH	SF	IBB	HBP	GIDP
1	2023	1	1	0	0	0	0	0	0	1	.000	.000	.000	.000	0	0	0	0	0
	Totals	1	1	0	0	0	0	0	0	1	.000	.000	.000	.000	0	0	0	0	0
Lucas Erceg vs. Ezequiel Durán: Plate Appearances 
Export Data
Modify, Export & Share Table
Get as Excel Workbook
Get table as CSV (for Excel)
Data Usage Terms
Glossary
Regular Season
Subscribe to Stathead Baseball for full results.

Go inside the Baseball Reference database and access the sports search engine that was made for fans like you. Subscriptions start at just $9/month. Learn More.

Get your first month FREE

Already a paid subscriber? Log in for full results.

Cr#	Year	Date	B Tm	P Tm		Inn	RoB	Out	Pit(cnt)	Play Description
1	2023	2023-09-08	TEX	OAK	down 6-3	b7	---	2	4 (1-2)	Strikeout Swinging
Batting Comparison Pitching Comparison Head-to-Head Batting

Data coverage:

Game data: Game data is only available for the American League, National League, and Federal League. Since 1901 for regular season data, since 1933 for the All-Star Game, and since 1903 for the Postseason.

Season data: Since 1871. Stats relying on play-by-play data are complete back to 1969, nearly complete back to 1950, and mostly complete back to 1912. Postseason data since 1903.

Please see our data coverage page for details.

If you utilize material unique to a Sports Reference site for a tweet, an article, or for research for a broadcast or podcast, please strongly consider citing this site as the source for the material. It would be greatly appreciated and would help us continue to produce this material.
Stathead Login Create Account
You are here: Baseball Stathead > Versus Finder | Player and Team Comparison and Head-to-Head Stats > Query Results
Full Site Menu 
Return to Top
Stathead Baseball
Season and Career Tools: Player Batting, Player Pitching, Team Batting, Team Pitching
Game Tools: Player Batting, Player Pitching, Team Batting, Team Pitching
Split Tools: Player Batting, Player Pitching, Team Batting, Team Pitching
Streak Tools: Player Batting, Player Pitching, Team Batting, Team Pitching
Span Tools: Player Batting, Player Pitching, Team Batting, Team Pitching
Event Tools: Batting, Pitching
Other Tools: Versus Finder
All Tools
Stathead Basketball
Season and Career Tools: Player, Team
Game Tools: Player, Team
Streak Tools: Player, Team
Span Tools: Player, Team
Event Tools: Quarter, Event, Shot
College Tools: Player Game, Player Season, Team Game, Team Season
Other Tools: Versus Finder
All Tools
Stathead Football
Season and Career Tools: Player, Team
Game Tools: Player, Team
Split Tools: Player, Team
Streak Tools: Player, Team
Span Tools: Player, Team
Event Tools: Play, Drive, Touchdown, Field Goal
College Tools (NEW): Player Game, Player Season, Team Game, Team Season
Other Tools: Versus Finder
All Tools
Stathead Hockey
Season and Career Tools: Player, Team, Goal Finder
Game Tools: Player, Team
Streak Tools: Player, Team
Span Tools: Player, Team
Other Tools: Versus Finder
All Tools
Stathead FBref
Season and Career Tools: Player, Team
Match Tools: Player, Team
All Tools
Stathead is for...
Sports Fans, Content Creators, Betting & Fantasy, Media & Journalists, Team Professionals
Billing Policies
Terms of Service
We're Social...for Statheads
           

Every Sports Reference Social Media Account

Site Last Updated: Saturday, January 11, 11:12PM

Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction?

Subscribe to our Free Email Newsletter

Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data. Find out more.

FAQs, Tip & Tricks
Learn about the Wins Above Replacement Formula
Tips and Tricks from our Blog.
Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead
Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine

All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC. We present them here for purely educational purposes. Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos.

Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net.

Copyright © 2000-2025 Sports Reference LLC. All rights reserved.

The SPORTS REFERENCE, STATHEAD, IMMACULATE GRID, and IMMACULATE FOOTY trademarks are owned exclusively by Sports Reference LLC. Use without license or authorization is expressly prohibited.

Much of the play-by-play, game results, and transaction information both shown and used to create certain data sets was obtained free of charge from and is copyrighted by RetroSheet.

Win Expectancy, Run Expectancy, and Leverage Index calculations provided by Tom Tango of InsideTheBook.com, and co-author of The Book: Playing the Percentages in Baseball.

Total Zone Rating and initial framework for Wins above Replacement calculations provided by Sean Smith of Baseballprojection.com and author of WAR in Pieces.

Full-year historical Major League statistics provided by Pete Palmer and Gary Gillette of Hidden Game Sports.

Some defensive statistics Copyright © Sports Info Solutions, 2010-2025.

Some high school data is courtesy David McWater.

Many historical player head shots courtesy of David Davis. Many thanks to him. All images are property the copyright holder and are displayed here for informational purposes only.

Data Provided By
the official stats partner of the NBA, NHL and MLB.

 Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Football Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid ®
About • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Jobs at SR • Stathead.com T-Shirts & Store • Cookie Preferences

Sports Reference Purpose: We will be the trusted source of information and tools that inspire and empower users to enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love.

Privacy Policy • Gambling Revenue Policy • Accessibility Policy • Use of Data
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://stathead.com/baseball/versus-finder.cgi?request=1&player_id1=erceg-000luc&player_id2=duran-000eze&__hstc=107817757.2f3f33a24b44870ec4a577029c49e44b.1735862400110.1735862400111.1735862400112.1&__hssc=107817757.1.1735862400113&__hsfp=38884120 
 ----- 
