NBA
Phoenix Suns
Bradley Beal sounds off on need to 'program' himself

Bradley Beal is looking forward to a better season with the Suns.

By 

Nathan Yasis

Oct 14, 2024 at 5:21 AM ET

The Phoenix Suns are embarking on a new chapter with Head Coach Mike Budenholzer at the helm, and he is already implementing some minor changes. Star guard Bradley Beal noted that Budenholzer is encouraging the team to adopt a more aggressive approach, which has required some adjustment.

“I’m trying to program myself to just be more aggressive. “Bud is forcin’ me to do that. He’s forcin’ all of us to be like that, like shoot more 3s, look to shoot, look to be aggressive,” Beal remarked.

The Suns were one of the most underwhelming teams in the NBA last season, resulting in the termination of former head coach Frank Vogel.

Mike Budenholzer encouraging the Phoenix Suns to be more aggressive
Joe Camporeale-Imagn Images

“It’s different in a lot of ways, so we’re all tryna kinda program ourselves to stop passin’ up shots, be more mindful of shootin’ 3s. I shot a stepback 2 at the top of the key, and I was mad. I’m like, ‘S—, if I take one more step back, it’s a 3.’ So, it’s just tryna get that mindset back, but I think just bein’ more aggressive helps me in that fashion,” he continued via a video from Gerald Bourguet of Fansided.

Gerald Bourguet
@GeraldBourguet
·
Follow

It's preseason, but so far the Suns are tied for 3rd in the NBA in 3PAs, at 44 per game. Bradley Beal talked about making that mental adjustment: "I'm trying to program myself to be more aggressive. Bud is forcing me to do that. He's forcing all of us to be like that."

Watch on Twitter
9:02 PM · Oct 12, 2024
206
Reply
Copy link
Read more on Twitter
Expand Tweet

The Suns entered the season with major goals after assembling a star trio of Bradley Beal, Devin Booker and Kevin Durant, but the team only won 49 games in the regular season before being swept in the first round of the playoffs by the Minnesota Timberwolves.

Related Phoenix Suns News
Article continues below
NBA rumors: Hornets center linked to Suns, Lakers trade talks
15h
Ranking 2 best Jusuf Nurkic trade destinations after Suns benching
1d
Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic breaks silence on benching amid trade rumors
1d
The Suns family factor that makes Bradley Beal trade drama more interesting
1d

Now, as Phoenix embarks on its second season with the star trio of Beal, Booker, and Durant, the expectation is that Budenholzer can harness their talents and lead the team to reach its full potential.

Booker led the Suns to the NBA Finals during the 2020-21 season, and he aims to return to that level with Beal and Durant as his teammates. Phoenix is still on the quest for its first championship in franchise history.

The Suns hoping for more success this season

Players like Beal, Booker, and Durant will need to share the ball, but Budenholzer encourages them to be assertive in their shooting. Last season, Booker averaged the most shots per game among the trio, followed by Durant and Beal.

The Suns' success extends beyond their Big 3, and Budenholzer's message likely resonates with the entire roster. To become serious contenders for the championship, Phoenix will need its supporting cast to step up and support the stars this season.

The Suns will kick off their regular season on October 23 against the Los Angeles Clippers, providing fans with their first glimpse of how Budenholzer will implement his strategies in a game that counts for Phoenix.

Nathan Yasis is an Associate Editor for ClutchPoints, specializing in the NBA.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Devin Booker issues firm demand to Suns after upset loss to Hornets
1 day ago
Bradley Beal’s agent breaks silence on no-trade clause amid Suns’ Jimmy Butler rumors
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Hornets center linked to Suns, Lakers trade talks
8 hours ago
Ranking 2 best Jusuf Nurkic trade destinations after Suns benching
22 hours ago
Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic breaks silence on benching amid trade rumors
1 day ago
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
1 day ago
Hawks vs. Suns prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
1 day ago
Suns’ Mike Budenholzer reveals exact reasons behind Bradley Beal, Jusuf Nurkic benching
4 days ago
NBA rumors: Everybody knows Jimmy Butler wants Suns trade
1 day ago
The Suns family factor that makes Bradley Beal trade drama more interesting
1 day ago
Bulls the favorite to swing Bradley Beal trade amid Suns chaos
4 days ago
Suns’ Bradley Beal gives brutally honest take on Ryan Dunn starting in his place
3 days ago
Bradley Beal
Mike Budenholzer
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/suns-news-bradley-beal-need-program-himself 
 ----- 
