MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Grissom has RBI double to help Red Sox beat Rays 3-1
Updated Sep. 29, 2024 10:33 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BOSTON (AP) — Vaughn Grissom had an RBI double and scored a run to help Boston beat Tampa Bay 3-1 on Sunday in the teams’ season finales, earning the Red Sox third place ahead of the Rays in the AL East.

The Red Sox finished the season with a record of 81-81, missing the playoffs for the third straight year for the first time since 2010-12. Boston was 78-84 in each of the past two seasons.

“It’s disappointing that we didn’t make it, especially the way the season went the last month and a half, not only with us but around the league,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said before the game. “We had a chance.”

The Rays ended the year at 80-82, halting a stretch of five consecutive seasons going to the postseason. They went 99-63 in 2023. It was the Rays' first losing season since 2017.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“I mean, look, not where we want to be,” Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash said. “Know that we've got some work to do. I'm confident we will work very hard this offseason and certainly going into spring training to find a way to be playing a little deeper.”

Dylan Carlson had three singles and an RBI for Tampa Bay.

Boston honored longtime radio voice Joe Castiglione with an on-field pregame ceremony. The 77-year-old called his final game Sunday after being the team’s lead radio voice since 1983. He was honored by the Baseball Hall of Fame this summer with the Ford C. Frick Award.

Before the top of the eighth, the team ran a montage of his calls over highlights shown on the center-field scoreboard. When it was over, the entire Red Sox dugout emptied, with players stepping onto the field, looking up and applauding toward him in the booth behind home plate.

“The players coming out ... that would be up there,” he said of what moment touched him the most.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Las Vegas: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Recalled from Triple-A Worcester before the game, 24-year-old right-hander Quinn Priester (3-6) allowed a run on four hits over five innings in his Red Sox debut. He was acquired from Pittsburgh for minor league infielder Nick Yorke on July 29.

Justin Slaten got the final three outs for his second career save.

Making his 26th start, Rays 27-year-old righty Ryan Pepiot (8-8) gave up two runs, one earned, in four innings. It was his 13th straight start allowing three or fewer runs.

Grissom doubled in the third and scored from third on Triston Casas’ grounder to first, sliding in to make it 2-0.

“It was a long season, I thought we did some great things,” Boston outfielder Jarren Duran said. “We had our bumps in the road. Overall, I thought we had a really good season. We had some young guys, (they) kind of had to learn their bumps in the big leagues, which was good. ... I’m just excited with what they’re going to be able to do in the years to come.”

The paid attendance was 34,862, giving the Red Sox a home total of 2,659,949 for the season.

“You reflect on what happened during the season, what happened in the second part of the season,” said Cora of his team going 28-38 since the All-Star break. “It's going to hit us hard to be honest with you. ... It's a reality. We didn't play good baseball at the end.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Red Sox: Cora said after the game that Masataka Yoshida would have an MRI on one of his shoulders Tuesday.

UP NEXT

Rays: Host the Red Sox in their spring training opener on Feb. 22.

Red Sox: Host Northeastern in their first spring training game on Feb. 21.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Tampa Bay Rays
Major League Baseball
Boston Red Sox
Vaughn Grissom
Dylan Carlson
Boston Red Sox
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB - Tampa Bay Rays vs. Boston Red Sox - 09/29/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/grissom-has-rbi-double-to-help-red-sox-beat-rays-31 
 ----- 
