 MENU
My Picks
Tampa Bay Rays vs Boston Red Sox Prediction MLB Picks 9/29/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 28, 2024 10:20 pm
Boston Red Sox (80-81) vs Tampa Bay Rays (80-81)
Game Info: Sunday, September 29, 2024 at 3:05 pm (Fenway Park)
Quinn Priester () () vs Ryan Pepiot (8-7) (3.64)
Betting Odds: Boston Red Sox / Tampa Bay Rays --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

 In this article we will formulate a Tampa Bay Rays vs Boston Red Sox prediction for this MLB game on Sunday, September 29th at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts. To formulate this prediction for game three in the series, we will examine:

The Rays recent form and recent player performance 
The Red Sox recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Tampa Bay
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Boston
Recent betting trends in games played between Tampa Bay and Boston
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Tampa Bay and Boston
Tampa Bay Rays Betting Preview

The Tampa Bay Rays are 80-81 this year and they have lost three of their last five games. Tampa Bay has won the first two games in this series by scores of 2-1 and 7-2. Prior to this series, the Rays lost all three against the Tigers, won all three against the Blue Jays, and won two out of three against the Red Sox. Tampa Bay is 6-3 in their last nine games and they are tied for third in the AL East. 

The Tampa Bay pitching staff has a 3.78 ERA, a 1.20 WHIP, and a .236 opponent batting average. The Rays offense has scored 603 runs with a .230 batting average and a .302 on base percentage. Yandy Diaz is batting .281 with 14 home runs and 65 RBI’s for the Rays this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Boston Red Sox Betting Preview

The Boston Red Sox are 80-81 this season and they have lost three games in a row. Boston has lost the first two games in this series and they have scored three runs in the two games. Prior to this series, the Red Sox won two out of three against the Blue Jays, won two out of three against the Twins, and lost two out of three against the Rays. Boston is 4-5 in their last nine games and they are tied for third in the AL East. 

The Boston pitching staff has a 4.04 ERA, a 1.26 WHIP, and a .246 opponent batting average. The Red Sox offense has scored 746 runs with a .252 batting average and a .319 on base percentage. Jarren Duran is batting .286 with 21 home runs and 75 RBI’s for the Red Sox this season. 

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Tampa Bay is Ryan Pepiot, who is 8-7 with a 3.64 ERA and a 1.14 WHIP over 126.0 innings pitched this year. Pepiot has allowed two earned runs or fewer in four straight starts. The projected starting pitcher for Boston is Quinn Priester, who has yet to pitch with the Red Sox since coming over from the Pirates. 

Why the Rays will beat the Red Sox 
The Red Sox have lost each of their last seven day games against the Rays at Fenway Park following a home loss.
The Rays have won each of their last six games against AL East opponents.
The Rays have covered the run line in each of their last 11 road games against the Red Sox.
The Red Sox have failed to cover the run line in each of their last 12 games against the Rays at Fenway Park following a home loss.
Total Runs Facts
Six of the Rays' last seven games against AL East opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Four of the Red Sox's last five day games against AL East opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Rays' last nine Sunday day games.
Boston Red Sox Player Prop Facts
Tyler O'Neill has scored at least one run in each of his last four home appearances after playing the previous day.
Jarren Duran has recorded at least one hit in each of his 11 previous Sunday day appearances against AL teams that held a losing record.
Jarren Duran has recorded a Single in five of the Red Sox's last six day games.
Rafael Devers has hit a home run in each of his last two home appearances against the Rays.
Ceddanne Rafaela has recorded at least one RBI in three of his last four appearances against AL opponents.
Jarren Duran has recorded at least one total base in each of his 11 previous Sunday appearances against AL teams that held a losing record.
Tampa Bay Rays Player Prop Facts
Josh Lowe has scored at least one run in six of the Rays' last eight games at Fenway Park.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one hit in each of the Rays' last eight road games against the Red Sox.
Dylan Carlson has recorded a Single in each of his last four appearances against the Red Sox.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one RBI in eight of the Rays' last 10 games against the Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Jose Siri has hit a home run in each of his last two road appearances against AL opponents that held a losing record.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one total base in each of the Rays' last eight games against the Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Tampa Bay Rays vs Boston Red Sox Prediction 

These two teams come into this game tied for third in the AL East, but they are both eliminated from postseason contention. The Red Sox are 37-43 at home this year, while the Rays are 38-42 on the road. Boston hasn’t officially announced their pitching plans for this game, so it is tough to know what direction they are going in. The Rays are expected to start Ryan Pepiot, who has been very good for the Rays all season. Take the Rays to get the win here. 

David’s Pick
Rays ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-29/tampa-bay-rays-vs-boston-red-sox-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
