Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
6 months ago
SportFootball
Spain v Georgia LIVE: Euro 2024 result as Nico Williams and Lamine Yamal inspire La Roja into quarter-finals

Spain 4-1 Georgia: La Roja turned on the style after falling behind to set up a mouthwatering quarter-final tie with hosts Germany

Harry Latham-Coyle
,
Karl Matchett
,
Jack Rathborn
,
Jamie Braidwood
Sunday 30 June 2024 18:30 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
0 seconds of 59 secondsVolume 0%
00:00
00:59
More Videos
 
Germany fans sing You'll Never Walk Alone before Euro 2024 match

Stylish Spain recovered from the shock of conceding an early own goal to eventually overrun a tireless and spirited Georgia 4-1 and surge into a mouthwatering Euro 2024 quarter-final with Germany.

After withstanding a near-constant early assault, with outstanding keeper Giorgi Mamardashvili making several good saves, Georgia stunned the crowd by taking the lead with their first attack after 18 minutes when Otar Kakabadze’s fizzing cross was diverted into his own net by the chest of Spain’s Robin Le Normand.

The Spaniards levelled the last-16 contest through Rodri from the edge of the box in the 39th minute and, after Khvicha Kvaratskhelia almost scored a stunning second from near the halfway line for the tournament outsiders, Fabian Ruiz headed Spain ahead six minutes into the second half.

Spain continued to press and probe but the Georgians ran themselves ragged to keep them at bay until Nico Williams finally broke clear to slam in the third, with Dani Olmo neatly tucking home the fourth goal seven minutes from time to secure their fourth win of the tournament.

Follow all the latest updates from Cologne plus the result and reaction from Gelsenkirchen as England play Slovakia:

RECOMMENDED
Spain pass a new test in familiar style to make Euro 2024 statement
Jude Bellingham’s divine intervention saves Gareth Southgate to reveal England truth
What did Jude Bellingham shout after rescuing England with last-second equaliser?
SPAIN V GEORGIA - EURO 2024
Spain overcome an early fright to beat Georgia 4-1 to reach quarter-finals
Win sets up a mouth-watering meeting with Germany in the last eight
83’ GOAL! Dani Olmo comes off the bench to add classy fourth for Spain (ESP 4-1 GEO)
75’ GOAL! Nico Williams races clear to add Spain’s third on counter (ESP 3-1 GEO)
52’ GOAL! Lamine Yamal’s magic cross sets up Fabian Ruiz header (ESP 2-1 GEO)
38’ GOAL! Rodri fires into corner as Spain hit back to equalise (ESP 1-1 GEO)
17’ GOAL! Robin Le Normand puts into own net as Georgia take shock lead (ESP 0-1 GEO)
England win in extra-time against Slovakia after stunning Bellingham goal and Kane header
Pinned
Spain pass a new test in familiar style to make Euro 2024 statement

Two sides who could scarcely have more different tactical ideas and playing styles.

Two sides who have polar opposite histories, in international footballing terms, too.

Georgia’s men’s side had never been to a major international tournament before this summer, let alone scored a goal or won a game. Or even, if we can entertain such fanciful notions, of reaching the knock-out stage. Spain won the European Championship as recently as 2012, reached the semis last time out and were world champions only 14 years ago.

Football heritage and history isn’t only made up of the men’s Euros and World Cup, though, so the true contextual national gap is even wider: Georgia’s women have never been to a tournament either, whereas La Roja are the reigning world and Women’s Nations League champions. There is quite simply an enormous gap between the two, a chasm so large in football terms that it almost defies explanation.

But for 21 minutes at Euro 2024, there was an almighty shock on. For 21 awe-inspiring minutes, an incredible dream received the most raucous, sensational backing from the stands and one of the very biggest of favourites were truly, visibly shaken.

Spain pass a new test in familiar style to make Euro 2024 statement

Spain 4-1 Georgia: An own goal threatened the mother of all upsets but Nico Williams scored one and made another in a comeback victory

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 22:08
Promoted stories
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
Euro 2024: Harry Kane describes Jude Bellingham’s goal against Slovakia as ‘best in England’s history’
Harry Kane describes Jude Bellingham’s goal against Slovakia as ‘best in England’s history’
Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 23:30
6 months ago
Gareth Southgate’s straitjacket suffocates England again – but one lesson emerges

But Gareth Southgate will again be left with questions after another subpar showing.

Gareth Southgate’s straitjacket suffocates England again – but one lesson emerges

The Three Lions boss got his selection wrong again at Euro 2024 but a dramatic finish stunned Slovakia to hand him one last chance

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 23:15
6 months ago
Jude Bellingham’s divine intervention saves Gareth Southgate to reveal England truth

England, just about, limp on at Euro 2024, thanks to a moment of magic from their new midfield master.

Bellingham’s divine intervention saves Southgate to reveal England truth

England 2-1 Slovakia (aet): Bellingham and Harry Kane reversed a dire situation for Gareth Southgate’s side to advance to the quarter-finals of Euro 2024 to face Switzerland

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 23:00
6 months ago
Lightning, hailstones, YMCA and 36 minutes of football: Inside the chaos at Euro 2024’s Dortmund fan park

If you believe lightning can’t strike twice, ask Joachim Andersen. The unfortunate Danish defender was twice left to rue VAR interventions in the space of a few minutes, firstly for a miniscule offside call to rule out his goal and then for a flick of his fingers by the ball to give Germany their penalty and the lead.

And if you think lightning can’t strike about 500 times, ask the tens of thousands of supporters gathered in the Westfalenpark fan zone to watch the game, evacuated from the area and told the match screening would not resume, as the electrical storm rapidly approached, then lit up the night sky across much of western Germany for the ensuing four hours.

Lightning, hailstones and YMCA: Inside the chaos at Euro 2024’s Dortmund fan park

One game wasn’t shown and less than half the Germany match was too as an electrical storm ripped through the city but fans do what they always do: they found a way

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 22:45
6 months ago
Euro 2024 Golden Boot standings: Jamal Musiala, Cody Gakpo and others battle to be top scorer in Germany

Europe’s best strikers are vying for individual honours as well as team success as they aim to top the scoring charts at Euro 2024.

The quadrennial continental tournament is currently taking place in Germany with many of the world’s top marksmen on show and battling it out for the Golden Boot.

Euro 2024 Golden Boot standings: Jamal Musiala and more battle for crown

Other big names such as Harry Kane, Kylian Mbappe and Cristiano Ronaldo, who is yet to get off the mark, will also hope to be the top scorer at this summer’s European Championships

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 22:30
6 months ago
How the quarter-finals look

Four Round of 16 games down, four to go:

July 5

Quarter-final 1, Stuttgart: Spain v Germany (1700)

Quarter-final 2, Hamburg: Portugal/Slovenia v France/Belgium (2000)

July 6

Quarter-final 4, Dusseldorf: England v Switzerland (1700)

Quarter-final 3, Berlin: Romania/Netherlands v Austria/Turkey (2000)

Euro 2024 fixtures: Full schedule, results and kick-off times

Every knockout match being played in Germany as we move closer to crowning the winner of the Euros

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 22:02
6 months ago
FT: Spain 4-1 Georgia

That is, sadly, the end for Georgia at a tournament they have enlivened on and off the pitch. This felt like the natural stopping point for their story, though they leave with heads held high.

(Getty Images)
Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 21:55
6 months ago
FT: Spain 4-1 Georgia

A valiant effort from Georgia, but ultimately Spain’s mastery and might showed. Four goals, a couple of them beauties, and into the last eight this growing side fly, looking better and better despite an early fright today. They’ll head for Stuttgart for a proper ding dong with the hosts on Friday.

Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 21:54
Promoted stories
North Charleston: These New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
FULL TIME: Spain 4-1 Georgia
(Getty Images)
Harry Latham-Coyle30 June 2024 21:51
Newer
1
 / 11
Older
More aboutEuro 2024Spain footballLamine YamalNico Williams
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
South Carolina Residents Are Ditching Knee Pain With This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF|Sponsored
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LIFEMD|Sponsored
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
7.5% High Yield CD! Find High CD Interest Rates Now
CD INTEREST RATES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
8 Silent Crohn's Disease Symp toms In Women
Which Are The Early Signs of Crohn's Disease In Women?
CROHN'S DISEASE SYMPTOMS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
The All New Mind Blowing Honda CRV Is Finally Here (Take a Look)
CROSSOVERS | TOP SEARCHER NOW|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
VOICES
How Putin’s ‘ruthless’ Christmas Day attacks on Ukraine may backfi...
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
Meet Trump’s most powerful weapon in his religious war on woke 
With ties to the controversial Project 2025 and as a kingmaker of the Supreme Court, the faith-driven operator is the spider at the centre of the new conservative movement declaring war on liberal America
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
BESTSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
Celebrity's endocrinologists: If You Have High Blood Sugar, Try This Japanese Ritual [See More]
SUGAR REVERSE|Sponsored
Learn More
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
NEWS
Father who died on Christmas Day named as police launch murder in...
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly (Take a Look)
Discover your home's true value instantly with our easy-to-use calculator. Get a quick and accurate estimate now!
HOME VALUE FREE CALCULATOR | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Model found dead from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning at Hallmark actor’s home
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/spain-georgia-euro-2024-live-stream-score-result-b2571355.html 
 ----- 
