Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Round of 16
ESP
4
FT
GEO
1
Rodri - 39'Fabián Ruiz - 51'Nico Williams - 75'Dani Olmo - 83'
Robin Le Normand - 18' OG
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Spain see off brave Georgia to set up Germany quarterfinal
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 30, 2024, 10:22 pm

Three-time champions Spain survived an early scare to beat a spirited Georgia 4-1 on Sunday and reach the Euro 2024 quarterfinals, bringing an end to their opponent's fairytale run.

La Roja will meet hosts Germany in the quarterfinals after a polished performance, with goals from Rodri, Fabián Ruiz, Nico Williams and Dani Olmo in Cologne.

They had gone behind in the 18th minute when Robin Le Normand turned Otar Kakabadze's bouncing cross into his own net.

"We are very happy to get through to the quarterfinals, very excited," Williams said after the match. "Step-by-step we have shown that we are a great team and if we continue at this level we can do great things. Their goal was a mistake, it was unintentional, we all cheered Robin on and in the end we are all pleased and happy.

"[Germany will be] very difficult, they're a tough nut to crack, but we have a wonderful, well-structured team and if we play at this level we can win."

Spain had a perfect record in the group stage with three wins and no goals conceded, their best start since 2008, when they went on to win the tournament.

ANGELOS TZORTZINIS/AFP via Getty Images

Coach Luis de la Fuente brought his first choices back into the starting lineup having made 10 changes in the final group game, while Georgia kept faith with a side that included the tournament's joint top scorer, Georges Mikautadze, and its leading shot-stopper, Giorgi Mamardashvili.

Playing in their maiden Euros, Georgia were riding a wave of euphoria and seeking an unlikely Iberian double after last week's staggering 2-0 win over Portugal sent them into the knockout rounds.

Spain were dominant from the outset and almost went ahead five minutes in, when Dani Carvajal's cross from the right found Pedri, who forced an early save from Mamardashvili.

Williams came close soon after when his goal-bound shot was deflected wide of the target.

But Georgia stunned Spain when they went ahead as Mikautadze found Kakabadze on the right and he whipped in an early cross that struck Le Normand and bounced into the net.

Spain kept their cool and equalised after 39 minutes when Williams picked out Rodri, who fired a low shot into the corner.

They made it 2-1 six minutes after the break when a magnificent Lamine Yamal curling cross was headed home by Fabian Ruiz.

Williams killed off any hope of a Georgia comeback with a superbly taken strike in the 75th before substitute Olmo completed the rout with seven minutes left.

Georgia's French coach Willy Sagnol said his team now had time to sit back and reflect on the amazing feat they had achieved.

"The squad has been absolutely fantastic. I'm very proud of that," he said. "I'm very proud of what the players have done in the last months. Now it's the end of a journey, but I'm sure the next one will also be very exciting."

Game Information
RheinEnergieSTADION
7:00 PM, June 30, 2024
Coverage: FOX
Köln, Germany
Line: ESP -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 42,233
Referees:
Francois Letexier
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/703934 
 ----- 
