Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka shares injury update after Mikel Arteta addresses recovery timeline
EURO 2024
Georgia pulls off upset of Euro 2024 with Portugal win to advance

by Kyle Fansler June 29, 2024

Georgia ranks 75th in the FIFA World Rankings to make it the lowest-ranked team among the 24 competing in Euro 2024. Yet, a remarkable 2-0 win against No. 6 Portugal shot Georgia into the round of 16. Even more impressive, this is Georgia’s first appearance in a major international tournament.

Based on its win over Portugal and Turkey’s win over Czechia, Georgia finished third in its group. That means it will play Spain, arguably the top team in the tournament so far, in the round of 16. Yet, that will not matter to Georgia following the biggest win in its history.

Georgia’s story of getting into the tournament represented something unbelievable for the nation. It finished fourth in its Euro qualifying group that featured Scotland and Spain. Yet, it earned a spot in the playoffs based on its success in the 2022/23 UEFA Nations League C, the third tier of the Nations League. For reference, that four-team group with Georgia consisted of Bulgaria, North Macedonia and Gibraltar. That provided Georgia with a chance. Georgia defeated Luxembourg in Tbilisi before a dramatic penalty shootout win over Greece.

Guardiola on changing routines as he seeks solutions to City's slump

Group F at Euro 2024 was by no means the strongest group. Regardless, Portugal is a contender. Turkey had fervent support with an underdog mentality. Czechia was a quarterfinalist at Euro 2020 with several in-form players. Georgia rode the playmaking ability of Khvicha Kvaratskhelia and stellar performances out of goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili to stun some of the better teams in Euro 2024.

Georgia with the biggest upset of Euro 2024

With Kvaratskhelia scoring the eventual game-winning goal, Georgia secured the biggest upset in Euros history. Again, this calls back to the FIFA World Rankings. With a gap of 68 spots between Portugal and Georgia, there has never been a bigger disparity between a winning underdog. The previous record was set this year. Slovakia defeated No. 3 Belgium when it ranked 45th in the rankings. That upset pales in comparison to what Georgia was able to do on Wednesday.

The one caveat is that Portugal made significant changes to its squad, and many of the star players did not feature. Georgia will find it challenging to pull out a similar result against a Spain side that cruised through the group stage. Luis de la Fuente’s side was the only nation to pick up nine points in the group stage, and that included a game against Albania that rested 10 traditional starters.

Yet, Giorgi Mamardashvili could be the difference if Georgia is to continue this run in Euro 2024. The Georgian shot-stopper already has 21 saves in this tournament. Even though he made just five against Portugal, he could have the ability to keep Georgia in the game as it assuredly sits back and soaks up Spanish possession.

Georgia has a quick turnaround with just three days off before that game against Spain. Spain will have an additional day of rest plus the time off for its starters in matchday three. Even though Georgia will be a massive underdog in that game, it has the ability to pull off another shock result.

PHOTOS: IMAGO

Euro 2024
Here are some resources to get you ready for Euros!
Euro Bracket: Download a free PDF bracket for the tournament
Euro 2024 Schedule: Full schedule of all games for the 2024 tournament
How to watch: Information on where to find the games on TV and streaming
How to Stream Learn how you can stream Euro games live in 2024
Qualifying: Get the breakdown on how qualifying shook out
Euros on FOX & Fubo: Details on broadcasting rights for the competition
2024 Soccer Calendar: Get the lowdown on what will be a busy year in soccer
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
EURO 2024
GEORGIA
KHVICHA KVARATSKHELIA
PORTUGAL
WEEKLY
WORLD SOCCER NEWS
LATEST NEWS
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka shares injury update after Mikel Arteta addresses recovery timeline
Real Madrid targets Bournemouth star Dean Huijsen for defensive rebuild
Chelsea reportedly planning three-player swap plus cash for Inter star Lautaro Martinez
Barcelona's dream crushed? How Manchester City’s 115 charges verdict could open door for Real Madrid move
Sergio Ramos not sold on joining Lionel Messi in MLS: The dream destination for the Real Madrid icon revealed
Dani Olmo's Future at Barcelona: Will He Stay or Join Premier League Giants?
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
How to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Liverpool come up with cunning strategy for Alisson's successor
As the summer transfer window edges closer to its conclusion, Liverpool find themselves in a precarious position. Despite the media linking them with numerous players, the Reds have yet to secure any new signings. With the deadline looming on September 2, Liverpool's sporting director Richard Hughes, alongside head coach Arne Slot, is actively exploring potential […]
Where to watch Spain vs Georgia on US TV and live streaming
Here are all of the details of where you can watch Spain vs Georgia on US television and via live streaming: WHO Spain vs Georgia WHAT Euro 2024 WHEN 3:00 PM ET / 12:00 PM PT • Sunday, June 30, 2024 WHERE FOX and ViX Premium STREAM ViX Premium If you want to watch Euro […]
History is made at Euro 2024: World Soccer Talk Podcast
Nick explores Germany along the Rhine River before interviewing journalist and author Andrew Warshaw. During this episode of Inside Euro 2024, he shares his favorite game of the tournament thus far, what it was like to witness Portugal versus Georgia in person at the stadium, as well as his thoughts on one of England’s best […]
Georgia players set to receive $10 million for Euro 2024 triumph
A former Georgia prime minister wants to give his country's men's national soccer players a massive financial boost for their Euro 2024 performance. Bidzina Ivanishvili, the nation's leader from 2012 to 2013, has offered to pay Georgia's players about $10.6 million. The money will split between the coaches and players of the team. Ivanishvili's donation […]
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/uefa-euro/georgia-pulls-off-upset-of-euro-2024-with-portugal-win-to-advance/ 
 ----- 
