Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Dodgers clinch No. 1 seed, home-field advantage through postseason
Share
Dodgers clinch No. 1 seed, home-field advantage through postseason
September 28th, 2024

Theo DeRosa

@Theo_DeRosa
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

The road to the World Series once again runs through Chavez Ravine.

With the Phillies’ 6-3 loss to the Nationals on Saturday, the Dodgers have clinched the No. 1 seed in the National League and home-field advantage throughout the postseason. Los Angeles is guaranteed to finish ahead of Philadelphia for the NL’s best record, even though the Phillies hold the head-to-head tiebreaker.

• Dodgers' bats back Yamamoto against Rockies

The Dodgers already clinched the NL West title with Thursday’s win over the Padres, their 11th division crown in the past 12 seasons. This is the fifth time they’ve had the top seed in the NL field, joining 2017, 2019, 2020 and 2022.

By virtue of their top seed, the Dodgers have a first-round bye and will open the NLDS at home on Oct. 5 on FOX/FS1. They’ll take on the winner of the NL Wild Card Series between the Padres (No. 4 seed) and the NL’s No. 5 seed, which will be the Mets, Braves or D-backs.

Los Angeles would also have home-field advantage in the NL Championship Series, and since the Dodgers will finish with a better record than any American League team, L.A. would have home field in the 2024 World Series as well.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

Theo DeRosa is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dodgers-home-field-advantage-2024-mlb-playoffs 
 ----- 
