The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Former Bull Alex Caruso speaks from the heart, then rips out hearts
Coming off a big win in Milwaukee on Friday, the Bulls welcomed the Thunder and ex-teammate Alex Caruso to the United Center for their home opener. Caruso said all the right things about his former team, then went out and helped embarrass it 114-95.
By  Joe Cowley   Oct 27, 2024, 3:03am UTC

Former Bull Alex Caruso said he gave “everything I had” when he played in Chicago, and on Saturday he gave his former team that same effort for the Thunder in the one-sided Oklahoma City win. 

Charles Rex Arbogast/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

Guard Alex Caruso said all the right things.

He always does.

The former Bull talked about his love for his old organization, how he gave “everything I had” and how he didn’t have one bad thought about the franchise that traded him in July.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
Bulls coach Billy Donovan sees All-Star value in Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic
Bulls' Coby White talks about dunking and why he doesn't do it more often
Coby White's dunk over Victor Wembanyama highlights Bulls' comeback victory
Bulls coach Billy Donovan opens up about direction of franchise
LATEST STORIES
Don't sweep Trump's dangerous messages under the rug
Rev. Stephen Kanonik, Chicago priest who'd drench parishioners with holy water during blessings, dead at 68
2 infants have died of seasonal flu in Chicago, health officials say
Friday's high school basketball scores
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
BLACKHAWKS
Patrick Kane discusses Jonathan Toews' potential NHL comeback: 'It would be great'
Kane knows Toews wouldn’t have an easy time integrating back into the league after two years away. But he pitched for the Hawks to bring Toews back, as unlikely as that is in reality.
By Ben Pope  Jan 10, 2025, 6:56pm UTC
EDITORIALS
Mark Zuckerberg's move to end Meta fact-checking is a disservice to users — and truth
For Meta to abandon fact-checking in the U.S., at a time of great divisiveness over truth and lies, is the height of irresponsibility. Dozens of Meta fact-checking partners sent a letter to Zuckerberg criticizing the move.
By CST Editorial Board  Jan 10, 2025, 6:26pm UTC
BEARS
Match for Caleb Williams should be Job 1 in Bears coach search
Williams still is the best quarterback prospect the Bears have ever had, but his rookie season also made it clear that it will take a lot of expert coaching for him become the championship-caliber quarterback the Bears think they have.
By Mark Potash  Jan 10, 2025, 6:25pm UTC
PHOTOGRAPHY
Picture Chicago: 16 must-see Sun-Times photos from this week in news
Mayor Brandon Johnson celebrated the reopening of the Roseland Mental Health Clinic on the Far South Side, Catholics marched in a Three Kings Day procession on the Northwest Side, and advocates celebrated the news that birds have nearly stopped colliding into the McCormick Place Lakeside Center.
By Sun-Times Staff  Jan 10, 2025, 6:10pm UTC
TAXES
Illinois joins IRS Direct File program, allowing some taxpayers to file federal taxes for free
The pilot program was launched in 2023 by the federal agency and initially was only available in 12 states.
By Aidan Sadovi | For the Sun-Times  Jan 10, 2025, 5:36pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2024/10/26/former-bull-alex-caruso-speaks-from-heart-rips-out-hearts 
 ----- 
