Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
Weather in Sydney Cricket Ground tomorrow: New Zealand vs Pakistan SCG Stadium weather tomorrow 9 November 2022

Dixit Bhargav
PublishedNov 08, 2022

Follow Us

Sydney will be hosting the first semi-final. Photo Courtesy: SCG Twitter

Sydney Cricket Ground, which has hosted a total of six Super 12 matches in the ongoing eighth edition of ICC T20 World Cup, is all in readiness of hosting its most crucial fixture between New Zealand and Pakistan tomorrow.

Advertisement

The successful execution of 42 matches (including four rain abandoned ones) across 22 days and seven cities called for a hectic period for the cricketing fraternity but such is pretty normal during a T20 World Cup.

However, the same has resulted in making a couple of off days look like a long span of silence. This silence, however, has all the potential to be replaced by a storm due to three most important matches of the tournaments scheduled to be played later this week.

Weather in Sydney Cricket Ground tomorrow

In spite of witnessing the presence of rainfall in the last few weeks, Sydney has managed to not let even one match get abandoned due to inclement weather conditions in this tournament.

The trend is all in readiness to be continued on Wednesday as the city isn’t expected to receive any rainfall throughout the day. As far as temperature during the match hours is concerned, it will remain moderately pleasant between 17-19 degree.

ALSO READ: Sydney Cricket Stadium pitch report for New Zealand vs Pakistan T20 World Cup 2022 semi-final

With weather portal AccuWeather predicting a 0% rain probability over the SCG tomorrow, both fans and players can be rest assured about a full-fledged hard-fought 40-over contest between two teams who will facing each other for the fourth time in the last month or so. It is worth a mention that both New Zealand and Pakistan are yet to lose a Sydney T20I in this World Cup.

Hourly SCG Stadium weather tomorrow

07:00 PM – 19 degree (Rain Probability – 0%).

08:00 PM – 18 degree (Rain Probability – 0%).

09:00 PM – 18 degree (Rain Probability – 0%).

10:00 PM – 17 degree (Rain Probability – 0%).

11:00 PM – 17 degree (Rain Probability – 0%).

ICC T20 World Cup 2022New ZealandPakistan

About the author

Dixit Bhargav

Born and brought up in Pathankot, Dixit Bhargav is an engineering and sports management graduate who works as a Cricket Editor at The SportsRush. Having written more than 10,000 articles across more than five years at TSR, his first cricketing memory dates back to 2002 when former India captain Sourav Ganguly had waved his jersey at the historic Lord’s balcony. What followed for an 8-year-old was an instant adulation for both Ganguly and the sport. The optimist in him is waiting for the day when Punjab Kings will win their maiden Indian Premier League title. When not watching cricket, he is mostly found in a cinema hall watching a Punjabi movie.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 12, 2023

Kohli Goes Down The Ground Meaning: What Is The Importance Of ‘Virat Kohli Goes Out Of The Ground’ Line?

Gurpreet Singh • Apr 20, 2023

“I Was Zoned Out”: Virat Kohli Admits to Have Blanked Out During his Iconic Melbourne Knock vs Pakistan in T20 World Cup 2022

Gurpreet Singh • Feb 20, 2023

“Mai hota to Pakistan ke liye mar jaata”: Shoaib Akhtar exclaims Shaheen Afridi lacked will power vs England to help Pakistan lift T20 World Cup 2022 title

Tanmay Roy • Jan 03, 2024

Cricketers Who Played First Test Match As Captain [FULL LIST]

Tanmay Roy • Dec 06, 2023

OBS Out In Cricket: How Many Batters Have Been Out Handling The Ball In Test Cricket?

Rishikesh Sharma • Nov 16, 2023

“Kya Controversy Thi?”: Shubman Gill Wasn’t Aware Of Furore Over Wankhede Pitch Before IND vs NZ Semi Final

Headlines

Basketball

“Targetting the Right Players”: Victor Wembanyama Brings Up Anthony Edwards, Jalen Brunson While Reflecting on Spurs’ Improvement

Basketball

“LeBron James Wishes He Were a Cav”: Lakers’ 110-122 Loss to Cavaliers Prompts Skip Bayless’ Bold Statement

Basketball

“Needs a Change of Scenery”: Gilbert Arenas Strongly Urges Zion Williamson to Get Out of New Orleans

NASCAR

“Hope Good Things Happen to You”: Fan Favorite Leigh Diffey Showered With Blessings Ahead of Hotly Anticipated NASCAR Return

NASCAR

“We Just Stood There, Cried and Hugged”: Jimmie Johnson Looks Back on Emotional Win After Tragic Plane Crash Rocked Rick Hendrick and HMS

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-weather-in-sydney-cricket-ground-tomorrow-new-zealand-vs-pakistan-scg-stadium-weather-tomorrow-9-november-2022/ 
 ----- 
