Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
Max scores big with live sports fans: Announces Bleacher Report Sports add-on
Max streaming platform will offer Live sports starting in OctoberMax
LW
20/09/2023 - 20:50 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Portland Trail Blazers. Damian Lillard reveals the one NBA team he would never play for
MLB. Fans are annoyed by this LA Dodgers decision about Julio Urias

Warner Bros. Discovery is making waves in the streaming world as it announces the addition of live sports to its Max streaming service, set to launch on October 5th for US customers.

In a recent press release, the company unveiled this exciting development, introducing a new add-on price tier named Bleacher Report (B/R) Sports.

This package will offer sports enthusiasts access to simulcast streams of a wide range of sporting events, including the NBA, NHL, NCAA, and US Soccer games.

Free service until March 2024

The good news for Max subscribers is that, during the initial promotional period until February 29, 2024, they can enjoy live sports programming at no additional cost.

After this period, the sports package will be available for a monthly fee of $10, easily added to any Max subscription plan in the US.

Bleacher Report Sports, debuting under the WBD Sports umbrella, is set to kick off with a bang.

On October 7th, it will feature the MLB'sNational League Division Series, coinciding with the season openers for both the NBA and NHL.

The platform will offer an array of content, including live coverage, popular TV shows like "Inside the NBA," on-demand videos, and international events such as the prestigious "24 Hours of Le Mans." With over 300 live games, including March Madness, the BR Sports tier promises to be a game-changer for sports fans.

New strategy to entice viewers

Warner Bros. Discovery's CEO, David Zaslav, hinted at the company's move into live sports programming earlier this year, recognizing the potential to leverage their existing portfolio of sports brands, including TNT Sports, Eurosport, Global Cycling Network (GCN), and Discovery.

Talking about their success on linear TV and streaming with BT Sport, Zaslav is confident they are attacking a profitable opportunity with live sports streaming: "We believe there's significant opportunity in the streaming space for sports, and we look forward to leaning into this incremental growth avenue," he said.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Max's decision to offer subscribers free access to live sporting events for a limited time aligns with previous reports and is a strategic move to entice viewers.

While cable networks under Warner Bros. Discovery, such as TNT, TBS, and TruTV, will continue to broadcast games, the Bleacher Report Sports tier promises a comprehensive and immersive sports experience that will undoubtedly be a game-changer for sports enthusiasts tuning into the Max streaming service.

MLB - English
NCAAF - English
USMNT - English
USWNT - English
Celebrity net worthDeion Sanders Net Worth: How much money did he make in the NFL and how much he's paid now?
NCAAClippers star Kawhi Leonard makes rare public appearance to support Deion Sanders
NCAADeion Sanders' son Shedeur leads Buffaloes' comeback win in 2 OTs vs. Colorado State Rams
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Ben Affleck return s to his Pacific P...
Marca
Meghan Markle's father fears he...
Marca
全新BMW X7 M Excel lence限量版
BMW Taiwan 總代理汎德
榮獲國際金旅獎！北歐三國．挪威聖壇岩14日
行健旅行社
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2023/09/21/650ba144e2704ea8158b456f.html 
 ----- 
