Arab News PK Saturday .  January 04, 2025
Search
 
   
LATEST NEWS
Pakistan
Sport
Saudi Arabia
World
Myanmar junta to release nearly 6,000 prisoners in annual amnesty
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Mbappe can’t rescue Real Madrid in Champions League loss to Lille
﻿
Mbappe can’t rescue Real Madrid in Champions League loss to Lille
Real Madrid's French forward Kylian Mbappe (L) controls the ball next to Lille's Kosovo forward Edon Zhegrova during the UEFA Champions League football match between Lille LOSC and Real Madrid at the Pierre Mauroy Stadium in Villeneuve-d'Ascq, northern France, on October 2, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/525ym

Updated 12 December 2024
AP
October 03, 2024 02:38
     

Kylian Mbappe came off the bench but couldn’t prevent defending champion Real Madrid from losing 1-0 at unheralded Lille in the revamped Champions League on Wednesday.

With Mbappe a substitute after a minor hamstring injury, the opening goal came from Canada striker Jonathan David ‘s penalty deep into first-half stoppage time. A video review ruled that midfielder Eduardo Camavinga handled the ball.

David scored a hat trick last weekend and shot confidently past goalkeeper Andriy Lunin, who was replacing the injured Thibaut Courtois. Mbappe came on in the 57th.

It was Madrid’s first loss in the competition since a 4-0 hammering by Manchester City in the 2023 semifinal return leg.

Brazil teenager Endrick became the youngest Champions League starter for Madrid at 18 years, 73 days old. He surpassed the mark set by former Madrid great Raúl González, who was 18 years, 78 days old when he faced Ajax in 1995.

Liverpool coach Arne Slot got his first taste of a European night at Anfield and saw his team beat Bologna 2-0, thanks to goals from midfielder Alexis Mac Allister and prolific forward Mohamed Salah.

Substitute Jhon Duran scored a late winner to give Aston Villa another 1-0 win against Bayern Munich.

When the sides met in the 1982 European Cup final, Villa won 1-0 in a big upset. Prince William was born that year, and he was cheering in the Villa Park crowd when Duran pounced late on.

Coach Unai Emery sent the 20-year-old Duran on in the 70th and the Colombia forward — who has made a habit of scoring goals from the bench — did it again with a brilliant left-footed effort from around 25 meters to beat Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer.

Juventus had goalkeeper Michele Di Gregorio sent off in the 59th for a handball yet still won 3-2 at Leipzig.

Slovenia forward Benjamin Sesko scored both goals for Leipzig but Serbia’s Dusan Vlahovic did the same for 10-man Juve before Francisco Conceição netted in the 82nd.

OTHER MATCHES

Earlier, Atalanta and Feyenoord got their first wins in the competition’s second round of matches.

Italian side Atalanta coasted to a 3-0 win over Ukraine’s Shakhtar Donetsk, Dutch club Feyenoord secured a gritty 3-2 win at tournament newcomer Girona.

Albanian Berat Djimsiti, Nigerian Ademola Lookman, and Italian Raoul Bellanova scored for Atalanta in the German city of Gelsenkirchen. It was officially a home game for Shakhtar, which is playing at German club Schalke’s stadium because of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Girona led through center-back David López’s close-range finish, but the visitors equalized with an own goal from Yangel Herrera and took the lead on Antoni Milambo’s 31st-minute strike.

Donny van de Beek made it 2-2 but another own goal, this time from Ladislav Krejci, gave Feynoord — Slot’s former club — victory in a match where both teams missed a penalty.

Kerem Akturkoglu, veteran Ángel Di Maria, Alexander Bah and Orkun Kokcu scored for Benfica in a 4-0 rout of Atletico Madrid; and Monaco netted a last-minute equalizer in a 2-2 draw at Dinamo Zagreb thanks to Denis Zakaria’s penalty.

Also, Sturm Graz lost 1-0 at home to Club Brugge, which won thanks to a curling strike from Christos Tzolis.

       Follow
Topics: UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE REAL MADRID LILLE KYLIAN MBAPPE
RELATED
Ancelotti will likely have to replace an injured Mbappé for Real Madrid derby at Atletico
Mbappe extends scoring streak as Real Madrid beat Alaves 3-2 in Spanish league
Hideki Matsuyama sets the target at Kapalua and leads Collin Morikawa by 1
Matsuyama: I’m definitely satisfied with where I am
Ten players were separated by three shots going into the weekend of the tournament that invites only PGA Tour winners from 2024 and the top 50 from the FedEx Cup
Updated 27 sec ago
AP
January 04, 2025 07:23
     

KAPALUA, Hawaii: Collin Morikawa has played Kapalua enough to know that trailing Hideki Matsuyama by seven shots early in the second round was no reason to panic. Sure enough, he nearly caught up to the Japanese star on Friday at The Sentry.

Matsuyama played bogey-free on another gorgeous day on Maui with moderate wind, making seven birdies in a 10-hole stretch in the middle of his round and posting an 8-under 65 for a one-shot lead going into the weekend of the PGA Tour season opener.

Morikawa ran off five straight birdies in the scoring stretch late — only one of them longer than 5 feet — until his streak ended on the par-5 closing hole at the Plantation course with a 12-foot birdie putt that missed on the high side.

He also had a 65 and was expecting more of the same on the weekend. Conditions are prime for scoring, and The Sentry has the best players from the PGA Tour last year.

“When you look at the leaderboard, I’m through six holes and I’m even par and guys are lapping the field already,” Morikawa said. “But like I said, it’s not telling myself I’ve got to be patient. I just know this golf course, and I know at any point you can go on a little stretch of birdies, and I just had to keep playing my game.”

It was the eighth time Morikawa had 65 or better at Kapalua, the most of any player since 2020 when the two-time major champion made his debut.

Matsuyama went about his business, breaking into one big smile when he holed a 35-foot birdie putt across the green on the par-3 11th. He was at 16-under 130 with a pack of players lining up behind him.

“I’m definitely satisfied with where I am,” Matsuyama said.

Ten players were separated by three shots going into the weekend of the tournament that invites only PGA Tour winners from 2024 and the top 50 from the FedEx Cup.

Corey Conners of Canada and Thomas Detry of Belgium were among those at 14-under 132 thanks to big finishes of their own.

Conners holed a 40-foot eagle putt on the par-5 15th, followed with two medium-range birdie putts and two-putted from the front of the green on the 18th for another birdie and a 66. Detry was 6 under on the final six holes. He drove the green on the 306-yard 14th hole to 10 feet for eagle, and had to settle for par on the 18th for a 65.

The field averaged 68.1, which was skewed slightly by Davis Riley posting the first 80 of the season. He made four straight birdies, a tough two-putt par and then took a 9 on the 17th hole with a lost ball to the right on one tee shot and a second tee shot into the left hazard. The margin of those misses was about the length of a football field.

Only four players failed to break par.

For everyone else, it was a case of taking aim at spots on the contoured greens that feed to the hole and cashing in with birdies.

Sepp Straka birdied every hole on the back nine until he hit what he considered his best shot, a 6-iron to 20 feet, only to miss the putt. He shot 65.

Eight players shot 64, a group that included Davis Thompson, who was 14 shots better than his first round of the year. Patrick Cantlay was 10 shots better with his 64.

“Now I need to do it again,” said Cantlay, who still was eight shots behind Matsuyama.

Among the group three shots behind was former US Open champion Wyndham Clark, who birdied eight of his last 10 holes. Clark made the argument the low scoring was a product of the players, not the course.

“I don’t necessarily prefer this low, but at the same time, we make courses like this look easy,” Clark said. “To be honest, it’s not that easy. Typically, there’s a lot of wind here, and we didn’t have much wind today, so you’re going to have a lot of birdie looks and sometimes eagle looks.

“I’ve never really shot 20 under on the PGA Tour, so maybe I can break it this week.”

At this rate, that won’t be enough.

Ryder Cup captain Keegan Bradley also had a 64, marked by an eagle on the final hole and his two sons racing onto the fairway as he walked to the 18th green. Bradley has not ruled out playing in the Ryder Cup. But that’s a long way off.

“We’re two rounds into 2025,” he said. “So if we get to July and it’s looking like that, then we’ll start to talk, but for now I’m just going to keep playing my best.”

       Follow
Topics: GOLF HIDEKI MATSUYAMA
RELATED
Matsuyama survives wobble to clinch St. Jude Championship
Hideki Matsuyama surges to a 5-shot lead in steamy Memphis
‘Luke the Nuke’ still living his teenage darts dream
This time last year he had surged through the field as a 66/1 outsider, becoming the undisputed fans’ favorite at Alexandra Palace in north London
Littler came above British prime minister Keir Starmer and King Charles in Google’s most searched for people of 2024 in the UK
Updated 04 January 2025
AFP
January 04, 2025 04:05
     

LONDON: Luke Littler has become world champion of darts, a sport that has its origins as a British pub game, before the English 17-year-old can legally buy an alcoholic drink in his homeland.

Yet, despite his tender age, Littler has had a long apprenticeship in the sport given, as shown by family videos, he first started playing darts when still a nappy-clad toddler.

This time last year he had surged through the field as a 66/1 outsider, becoming the undisputed fans’ favorite at Alexandra Palace in north London, before world No. 1 Luke Humphries defeated him in the final.

But such was Littler’s impact as a breakout performer that even those not normally interested in darts were aware of his achievement in becoming darts’ youngest world finalist.

Suddenly, Littler found himself being invited onto television chat shows with Hollywood movie stars. It all led to the modest Humphries joking about how people who engaged in conversation with him discovering they were talking to the “wrong Luke.”

Littler came above British prime minister Keir Starmer and King Charles in Google’s most searched for people of 2024 in the UK, behind only Catherine, Princess of Wales, and Donald Trump.

But the boy from Warrington, an industrial town between Liverpool and Manchester, is no longer a surprise package in an unforgiving test of accuracy where the distance between success and failure is measured in fractions of an inch.

To its supporters, darts is a game of fine motor-skills allied to mathematical knowledge, made all the harder at professional level by the players being cheered on by raucous and often alcohol-fueled crowds.

Players try to hit specific small targets while standing over seven feet (2.37 meters) from the board where the most valuable ‘treble’ sections are also the smallest.

The aim is to go from 501 to exactly zero in the fewest number of darts while finishing either on a double on the outer edge of the board or the central bullseye.

Each player takes turns to throw three darts, with the highest total possible 180 — three treble 20s.

Littler, nicknamed ‘Luke the Nuke’, admitted the occasion had got to him after he won his opening match of the 2024/25 World Championship against Ryan Meikle.

“It is probably the biggest time it’s hit me,” he said. “It has been a lot to deal with.”

Yet he still posted a tournament record three-dart average of 140.91 in the fourth set.

And come the semifinals, Littler thrashed world No. 5 Stephen Bunting 6-1 in sets.

A final against Michael van Gerwen was billed as a much tougher contest, with the Dutchman going into the game as the youngest world champion to date after winning the title as a 24-year-old in 2014.

Yet the three-time winner was blown away as Littler surged into a 4-0 lead and showed no nerves to close it out 7-3.

“I sometimes say every 17 years a star gets born and he’s one of them,” said Van Gerwen.

Littler’s fame isn’t simply built upon his undoubted skill.

In an age where many sportsmen become detached from the communities they have grown up, he remains a relatable figure, although nutritionists may be aghast at the pre-match routine he outlined a year ago.

“I don’t wake up until 12, in the morning go for my ham and cheese omelette, come here and have my pizza, and then go on the practice board,” said Littler, also known for celebrating his victories with a post-match kebab.
 

       Follow
Topics: LUKE LITTER DARTS
RELATED
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
PHOTOS
South African Lategan wins Dakar fifth stage, Al-Attiyah retains lead
Bellingham’s late goal gives 10-man Real Madrid comeback win at Valencia
Luka Modric’s 85th minute equalizer and Bellingham’s stoppage time winner ensured that Madrid avoided back-to-back defeats for the first time since 2019
Fourth-tier club Pontevedra dispatched high-flying La Liga side Mallorca 3-0 to move into the last 16 of the Copa del Rey
Updated 04 January 2025
AP
January 04, 2025 03:59
     

MADRID: Jude Bellingham missed a penalty but scored a late winner and Vinicius Jr. was sent off as 10-man Real Madrid fought back in the most dramatic of fashions to beat Valencia 2-1 and return to the top of La Liga on Friday.

Luka Modric’s 85th minute equalizer and Bellingham’s stoppage time winner ensured that Madrid avoided back-to-back defeats in La Liga for the first time since 2019.

The win took it to 43 points, two above city rivals Atletico, albeit having played a game more.

The match at the Mestalla pitted second from bottom against second from top and it was the struggling home side which took the lead after 27 minutes. Hugo Duro stabbed the ball into the empty net after it came back off the post.

Madrid came into the game more in the second half but it looked like it would be a frustrating night for the capital club.

Kylian Mbappe won a penalty after 55 minutes but Bellingham’s shot hit the post and moments later the Frenchman himself saw a goal disallowed after a video review.

Things got worse for Real with 11 minutes remaining when Vinicius pushed goalkeeper Stole Dimitrievski and the referee, after a long video review, showed the Brazilian a red card.

However, Real are never out of it and Carlo Ancelotti’s late changes turned the game around.

Modric came on in the 80th and it took the 39-year-old Croatian just five minutes to make his mark, dancing through a sea of defenders and poking home the equalizer.

Even with a man less there was a sense of inevitability as Real pushed for a winner, and five minutes into added time Bellingham made up for his earlier miss.

Valencia defender Hugo Guillamon seemed to slip and lay the ball into the path of the advancing Englishman, who made no mistake with only the keeper to beat.

Even then the drama was not over. Valencia deserved to take something from the match and Luis Roja almost got an equalizer with the last kick of the game. He watched in agony as his long-range shot came back off the post.

Valencia stayed second from bottom.

Pontevedra slay another giant in Copa

Earlier, fourth-tier club Pontevedra dispatched high-flying La Liga side Mallorca 3-0 to move into the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.

Dalisson de Almeida scored from almost 40 yards to make it 1-0 after 21 minutes, Yelko Pino doubled the lead with a cracking volley four minutes into the second half, and then Rufo rounded off the perfect night with 18 minutes left after a shocking defensive lapse.

The Galician side knocked out Villarreal in the last round.

In the night’s other games, top-tier clubs Rayo Vallecano and Getafe progressed.

Getafe needed extra time to beat second-division Granada in southern Spain. After a goalless match, Borja Mayoral got the only goal in the 93rd minute to put the visitor through.

Rayo Vallecano made swift work of second-tier Racing Ferrol. Alfonso Espino and Jorge de Frutos put the visitors 2-0 up before halftime and Frutos grabbed a third on the hour mark.

Alvaro Gimenez scored a late consolation for the home side.
 

       Follow
Topics: REAL MADRID JUDE BELLINGHAM VALENCIA
RELATED
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
Bayer Leverkusen sign teenage striker Alejo Sarco from Velez Sarsfield in Argentina
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
AC Milan were transformed after the break in the second semi-final of the four-team tournament in Saudi Arabia
Updated 04 January 2025
AFP
January 04, 2025 00:45
     

RIYADH: AC Milan came from behind to beat Juventus 2-1 on Friday and set up a showdown with city rivals Inter Milan in the Italian Super Cup final in Riyadh.
Sergio Conceicao took charge of his first game as AC Milan coach after he was appointed to replace Paulo Fonseca earlier this week.
But Kenan Yildiz fired Juventus ahead after 21 minutes after poor defending from Theo Hernandez allowed the Turkish midfielder beat Mike Maignan in the Milan goal.

AC Milan came from behind to beat Juventus 2-1 on Friday and set up a showdown with city rivals Inter Milan in the Italian Super Cup final in Riyadh. (AN Photo/Abdulrahman Shulhoub)

AC Milan were transformed after the break in the second semi-final of the four-team tournament in Saudi Arabia, which is staging the SuperCup for the third year in a row.
Christian Pulisic pulled Milan level from the penalty spot after 71 minutes before under pressure Juventus defender Federico Gatti inadvertently turned into his own goal four minutes later.
AC Milan will try to win the Italian SuperCup for the eighth time and first since 2016 on Monday, against three-time defending champions Inter who dominated Atalanta 2-0 on Thursday thanks to a double from Dutch international Denzel Dumfries.

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA ITALY ITALIAN SUPER CUP AC MILAN JUVENTUS
RELATED
PHOTOS
Inter extend dominance over Atalanta with 2-0 win in Italian Super Cup semi-finals in Saudi Arabia
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
South African Lategan wins Dakar Rally prologue in Saudi Arabia
People watch driver Henk Lategan and co-driver Brett Cummings during the prologue of the Dakar Rally in Bisha, Saudi Arabia on F
Lategan, driving a Toyota Hilux, finished a second clear of Sweden’s Mattias Ekstrom over the 29km run in Bisha
The sixth edition of the Dakar Rally in Saudi Arabia will stretch nearly 8,000 kilometers across 12 stages
Updated 03 January 2025
AFP
January 03, 2025 13:15
     

BISHA: South Africa’s Henk Lategan won the Dakar Rally prologue in the cars category Friday, kicking off the sixth edition in Saudi Arabia that will stretch nearly 8,000 kilometers across 12 stages.
Lategan, driving a Toyota Hilux, finished a second clear of Sweden’s Mattias Ekstrom over the 29km run in Bisha, with five-time Dakar champion Nasser Al-Attiyah of Qatar third.
The prologue times do not count toward the overall standings but those in the top 10 get to choose their starting position for the first stage on Saturday, a 499km route featuring 413km of timed sectors.
Sebastien Loeb came seventh but Carlos Sainz, who became the oldest winner of the race last year at the age of 61, was down in 25th place.
Loeb, a nine-time world rally champion, is chasing a first Dakar crown in his ninth attempt.
Australian Daniel Sanders was the quickest of the motorbikes on his KTM, ahead of Botswana’s Ross Branch and Spanish teenager Edgar Canet.
Reigning champion Ricky Brabec of Honda came home fourth fastest.
A 434-strong colorful caravan made up of cars, bikes, quads and trucks set out from Bisha for the opening prologue.
Twelve stages now await the 778 competitors from 72 countries, with a January 17 finish in Shubaytah, on the border of the United Arab Emirates.
This year’s route includes a second 48-hour stage in the Empty Quarter, a vast sea of sand with dunes as far as the eye can see.
The 47th running of the event may be called the Dakar, but the last time the Senegalese capital actually hosted the finish was way back in 2007 — the security situation in Mauritania forced the 2008 cancelation.
It moved then to South America until finding a new home in Saudi Arabia since 2020.

       Follow
Topics: DAKAR RALLY 2025
RELATED
Sainz set to step out of comfort zone to defend Dakar Rally title
Countdown begins: 60 days until Dakar Rally returns to Saudi Arabia
Latest Updates
Myanmar junta to release nearly 6,000 prisoners in annual amnesty
Saudi king, crown prince offer condolences to US president for victims of New Orleans attack
South Korea in political crisis after impeached president resists arrest
Mixed reactions as Biden blocks takeover of US Steel by Japan’s Nippon Steel
‘Luke the Nuke’ still living his teenage darts dream
Recommended
SAUDI ARABIA
How a Saudi royal reserve combines sustainability with support for the local community
SAUDI ARABIA
How AI is driving innovation in event management and urban development in Saudi Arabia
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.pk/node/2573718/sport 
 ----- 
