Arab News PK Saturday .  January 04, 2025
Search
 
   
LATEST NEWS
Saudi Arabia
Pakistan
World
Sport
Saudi king, crown prince offer condolences to US president for victims of New Orleans attack
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Sinner to play Alcaraz in China Open final; Osaka out with back injury
﻿
Sinner to play Alcaraz in China Open final; Osaka out with back injury
Italy's Jannik Sinner hits a return to China's Bu Yunchaokete during their men's singles semifinal at the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing on Tuesday. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/zcg4f

Sinner and Alcaraz accounted for all four Grand Slam titles this year between them
Arthur Fils saved a championship point and rallied to beat Ugo Humbert 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-3 in the final of the Japan Open
Updated 02 October 2024
AP
October 02, 2024 04:51
     

BEIJING: Top-ranked Jannik Sinner will play rival Carlos Alcaraz in the final of the China Open after recording a 6-3, 7-6 (3) victory over home favorite Bu Yunchaokete on Tuesday.

Sinner and Alcaraz accounted for all four Grand Slam titles this year between them. Alcaraz leads the head-to-head series 5-4 — including wins at both their meetings this year — but Sinner doesn’t believe that recent history will have a bearing on Wednesday’s final.

“We know each other very well now, but every match is different, so the situation on the court is also a bit different than it was the last two matches,” Sinner said.

The 23-year-old Italian is the defending champion and hasn’t appeared distracted by the World Anti-Doping Agency announcing Saturday it was seeking a ban of one to two years for the US Open champion, who tested positive twice for an anabolic steroid in March.

Chinese wild card Yunchaokete, ranked 96th, couldn’t take any of his three break-point chances in the first set.

Sinner’s experience proved crucial during the pivotal moments, especially in the second-set tiebreaker, where he surged to a 6-1 lead.

Earlier, third-ranked Alcaraz’s athleticism was again on show as he advanced to the final with a 7-5, 6-3 victory over Daniil Medvedev.

“I felt great on the court once again, so I’m really happy about it,” Alcaraz said. “I couldn’t ask for a better semifinal.”

The four-time Grand Slam champion — including this year’s French Open and Wimbledon — extended his head-to-head record against the Russian to 6-2.

The 21-year-old Spaniard found his way through a testing first set that had five breaks of serve, but crucially it was Alcaraz’s third service break in the 12th game that secured the set.

Alcaraz has now won eight straight matches — across the Davis Cup, Laver Cup and in Beijing — since his loss to Botic van de Zandschulp in the second round at the US Open.

Osaka out with back injury

Coco Gauff advanced to the quarterfinals when Naomi Osaka retired at 3-6, 6-4 because of a lower back injury.

Osaka, a four-time major champion, was leading 4-3 in the second set before Gauff won three straight games.

The sixth-ranked Gauff then helped carry Osaka’s bags off the court.

Gauff hit six aces compared to Osaka’s one and improved to 3-2 over her opponent at WTA tournaments.

She will next meet No. 115-ranked Yuliia Starodubtseva, who earlier upset No. 14 Anna Kalinskaya 7-5, 6-0.

Paula Badosa reeled off 11 of the last 12 games in a 6-4, 6-0 victory over US Open finalist Jessica Pegula to reach her eighth career quarterfinal at a WTA 1000-level event.

“She’s one the of the players I never want to face — she’s very solid, hits very flat, changes very well direction,” said Badosa, who was 0-3 previously against Pegula. “I prepared myself for a battle, but I think today everything worked pretty well.”

Badosa next faces 35-year-old Chinese player Zhang Shuai, who continued her resurgence with a 6-4, 6-2 win over Magdalena Frech of Poland.

Zhang entered the China Open on a 24-match losing streak and ranked No. 595, but she’s yet to drop a set in four matches this week.

Zhang is now into her first women’s tour quarterfinal since Tokyo in 2022, and her first at a WTA 1000 tournament since Cincinnati in the same year.

“In this draw, everyone has a higher ranking than me,” Zhang said. “Just step on court, just play. So I do not have much to think about, to prepare. I will just focus on myself.”

Japan Open

Arthur Fils saved a championship point and rallied to beat Ugo Humbert 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-3 in the final of the Japan Open to earn his third tour-level title.

The championship point was in the second-set tiebreaker against his French compatriot.

The 20-year-old Fils struggled with an injury to his left leg for much of the second set and when trailing 4-3 in the second set — with three break points for his opponent — it looked almost certain that Humbert would go on to win his seventh final in seven appearances.

Fils defeated four top-20 opponents — US Open finalist Taylor Fritz, defending champion Ben Shelton, Holger Rune and Humbert — on his way to the title.

       Follow
Topics: JANNIK SINNER CARLOS ALCARAZ CHINA OPEN NAOMI OSAKA
RELATED
Osaka cruises through opening round at China Open with new coach
Sinner soars in big moments to defeat Medvedev in China Open final
‘Luke the Nuke’ still living his teenage darts dream
This time last year he had surged through the field as a 66/1 outsider, becoming the undisputed fans’ favorite at Alexandra Palace in north London
Littler came above British prime minister Keir Starmer and King Charles in Google’s most searched for people of 2024 in the UK
Updated 04 January 2025
AFP
January 04, 2025 04:05
     

LONDON: Luke Littler has become world champion of darts, a sport that has its origins as a British pub game, before the English 17-year-old can legally buy an alcoholic drink in his homeland.

Yet, despite his tender age, Littler has had a long apprenticeship in the sport given, as shown by family videos, he first started playing darts when still a nappy-clad toddler.

This time last year he had surged through the field as a 66/1 outsider, becoming the undisputed fans’ favorite at Alexandra Palace in north London, before world No. 1 Luke Humphries defeated him in the final.

But such was Littler’s impact as a breakout performer that even those not normally interested in darts were aware of his achievement in becoming darts’ youngest world finalist.

Suddenly, Littler found himself being invited onto television chat shows with Hollywood movie stars. It all led to the modest Humphries joking about how people who engaged in conversation with him discovering they were talking to the “wrong Luke.”

Littler came above British prime minister Keir Starmer and King Charles in Google’s most searched for people of 2024 in the UK, behind only Catherine, Princess of Wales, and Donald Trump.

But the boy from Warrington, an industrial town between Liverpool and Manchester, is no longer a surprise package in an unforgiving test of accuracy where the distance between success and failure is measured in fractions of an inch.

To its supporters, darts is a game of fine motor-skills allied to mathematical knowledge, made all the harder at professional level by the players being cheered on by raucous and often alcohol-fueled crowds.

Players try to hit specific small targets while standing over seven feet (2.37 meters) from the board where the most valuable ‘treble’ sections are also the smallest.

The aim is to go from 501 to exactly zero in the fewest number of darts while finishing either on a double on the outer edge of the board or the central bullseye.

Each player takes turns to throw three darts, with the highest total possible 180 — three treble 20s.

Littler, nicknamed ‘Luke the Nuke’, admitted the occasion had got to him after he won his opening match of the 2024/25 World Championship against Ryan Meikle.

“It is probably the biggest time it’s hit me,” he said. “It has been a lot to deal with.”

Yet he still posted a tournament record three-dart average of 140.91 in the fourth set.

And come the semifinals, Littler thrashed world No. 5 Stephen Bunting 6-1 in sets.

A final against Michael van Gerwen was billed as a much tougher contest, with the Dutchman going into the game as the youngest world champion to date after winning the title as a 24-year-old in 2014.

Yet the three-time winner was blown away as Littler surged into a 4-0 lead and showed no nerves to close it out 7-3.

“I sometimes say every 17 years a star gets born and he’s one of them,” said Van Gerwen.

Littler’s fame isn’t simply built upon his undoubted skill.

In an age where many sportsmen become detached from the communities they have grown up, he remains a relatable figure, although nutritionists may be aghast at the pre-match routine he outlined a year ago.

“I don’t wake up until 12, in the morning go for my ham and cheese omelette, come here and have my pizza, and then go on the practice board,” said Littler, also known for celebrating his victories with a post-match kebab.
 

       Follow
Topics: LUKE LITTER DARTS
RELATED
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
PHOTOS
South African Lategan wins Dakar fifth stage, Al-Attiyah retains lead
Bellingham’s late goal gives 10-man Real Madrid comeback win at Valencia
Luka Modric’s 85th minute equalizer and Bellingham’s stoppage time winner ensured that Madrid avoided back-to-back defeats for the first time since 2019
Fourth-tier club Pontevedra dispatched high-flying La Liga side Mallorca 3-0 to move into the last 16 of the Copa del Rey
Updated 04 January 2025
AP
January 04, 2025 03:59
     

MADRID: Jude Bellingham missed a penalty but scored a late winner and Vinicius Jr. was sent off as 10-man Real Madrid fought back in the most dramatic of fashions to beat Valencia 2-1 and return to the top of La Liga on Friday.

Luka Modric’s 85th minute equalizer and Bellingham’s stoppage time winner ensured that Madrid avoided back-to-back defeats in La Liga for the first time since 2019.

The win took it to 43 points, two above city rivals Atletico, albeit having played a game more.

The match at the Mestalla pitted second from bottom against second from top and it was the struggling home side which took the lead after 27 minutes. Hugo Duro stabbed the ball into the empty net after it came back off the post.

Madrid came into the game more in the second half but it looked like it would be a frustrating night for the capital club.

Kylian Mbappe won a penalty after 55 minutes but Bellingham’s shot hit the post and moments later the Frenchman himself saw a goal disallowed after a video review.

Things got worse for Real with 11 minutes remaining when Vinicius pushed goalkeeper Stole Dimitrievski and the referee, after a long video review, showed the Brazilian a red card.

However, Real are never out of it and Carlo Ancelotti’s late changes turned the game around.

Modric came on in the 80th and it took the 39-year-old Croatian just five minutes to make his mark, dancing through a sea of defenders and poking home the equalizer.

Even with a man less there was a sense of inevitability as Real pushed for a winner, and five minutes into added time Bellingham made up for his earlier miss.

Valencia defender Hugo Guillamon seemed to slip and lay the ball into the path of the advancing Englishman, who made no mistake with only the keeper to beat.

Even then the drama was not over. Valencia deserved to take something from the match and Luis Roja almost got an equalizer with the last kick of the game. He watched in agony as his long-range shot came back off the post.

Valencia stayed second from bottom.

Pontevedra slay another giant in Copa

Earlier, fourth-tier club Pontevedra dispatched high-flying La Liga side Mallorca 3-0 to move into the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.

Dalisson de Almeida scored from almost 40 yards to make it 1-0 after 21 minutes, Yelko Pino doubled the lead with a cracking volley four minutes into the second half, and then Rufo rounded off the perfect night with 18 minutes left after a shocking defensive lapse.

The Galician side knocked out Villarreal in the last round.

In the night’s other games, top-tier clubs Rayo Vallecano and Getafe progressed.

Getafe needed extra time to beat second-division Granada in southern Spain. After a goalless match, Borja Mayoral got the only goal in the 93rd minute to put the visitor through.

Rayo Vallecano made swift work of second-tier Racing Ferrol. Alfonso Espino and Jorge de Frutos put the visitors 2-0 up before halftime and Frutos grabbed a third on the hour mark.

Alvaro Gimenez scored a late consolation for the home side.
 

       Follow
Topics: REAL MADRID JUDE BELLINGHAM VALENCIA
RELATED
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
Bayer Leverkusen sign teenage striker Alejo Sarco from Velez Sarsfield in Argentina
AC Milan rally past Juventus to meet Inter in Italian SuperCup final
AC Milan were transformed after the break in the second semi-final of the four-team tournament in Saudi Arabia
Updated 04 January 2025
AFP
January 04, 2025 00:45
     

RIYADH: AC Milan came from behind to beat Juventus 2-1 on Friday and set up a showdown with city rivals Inter Milan in the Italian Super Cup final in Riyadh.
Sergio Conceicao took charge of his first game as AC Milan coach after he was appointed to replace Paulo Fonseca earlier this week.
But Kenan Yildiz fired Juventus ahead after 21 minutes after poor defending from Theo Hernandez allowed the Turkish midfielder beat Mike Maignan in the Milan goal.

AC Milan came from behind to beat Juventus 2-1 on Friday and set up a showdown with city rivals Inter Milan in the Italian Super Cup final in Riyadh. (AN Photo/Abdulrahman Shulhoub)

AC Milan were transformed after the break in the second semi-final of the four-team tournament in Saudi Arabia, which is staging the SuperCup for the third year in a row.
Christian Pulisic pulled Milan level from the penalty spot after 71 minutes before under pressure Juventus defender Federico Gatti inadvertently turned into his own goal four minutes later.
AC Milan will try to win the Italian SuperCup for the eighth time and first since 2016 on Monday, against three-time defending champions Inter who dominated Atalanta 2-0 on Thursday thanks to a double from Dutch international Denzel Dumfries.

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA ITALY ITALIAN SUPER CUP AC MILAN JUVENTUS
RELATED
PHOTOS
Inter extend dominance over Atalanta with 2-0 win in Italian Super Cup semi-finals in Saudi Arabia
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
South African Lategan wins Dakar Rally prologue in Saudi Arabia
People watch driver Henk Lategan and co-driver Brett Cummings during the prologue of the Dakar Rally in Bisha, Saudi Arabia on F
Lategan, driving a Toyota Hilux, finished a second clear of Sweden’s Mattias Ekstrom over the 29km run in Bisha
The sixth edition of the Dakar Rally in Saudi Arabia will stretch nearly 8,000 kilometers across 12 stages
Updated 03 January 2025
AFP
January 03, 2025 13:15
     

BISHA: South Africa’s Henk Lategan won the Dakar Rally prologue in the cars category Friday, kicking off the sixth edition in Saudi Arabia that will stretch nearly 8,000 kilometers across 12 stages.
Lategan, driving a Toyota Hilux, finished a second clear of Sweden’s Mattias Ekstrom over the 29km run in Bisha, with five-time Dakar champion Nasser Al-Attiyah of Qatar third.
The prologue times do not count toward the overall standings but those in the top 10 get to choose their starting position for the first stage on Saturday, a 499km route featuring 413km of timed sectors.
Sebastien Loeb came seventh but Carlos Sainz, who became the oldest winner of the race last year at the age of 61, was down in 25th place.
Loeb, a nine-time world rally champion, is chasing a first Dakar crown in his ninth attempt.
Australian Daniel Sanders was the quickest of the motorbikes on his KTM, ahead of Botswana’s Ross Branch and Spanish teenager Edgar Canet.
Reigning champion Ricky Brabec of Honda came home fourth fastest.
A 434-strong colorful caravan made up of cars, bikes, quads and trucks set out from Bisha for the opening prologue.
Twelve stages now await the 778 competitors from 72 countries, with a January 17 finish in Shubaytah, on the border of the United Arab Emirates.
This year’s route includes a second 48-hour stage in the Empty Quarter, a vast sea of sand with dunes as far as the eye can see.
The 47th running of the event may be called the Dakar, but the last time the Senegalese capital actually hosted the finish was way back in 2007 — the security situation in Mauritania forced the 2008 cancelation.
It moved then to South America until finding a new home in Saudi Arabia since 2020.

       Follow
Topics: DAKAR RALLY 2025
RELATED
Sainz set to step out of comfort zone to defend Dakar Rally title
Countdown begins: 60 days until Dakar Rally returns to Saudi Arabia
UFC lineup announced for February as part of Riyadh Season
GEA chair Turki Alalshikh reveals fights will take place at anb Arena on Feb. 1
Updated 03 January 2025
ARAB NEWS
January 03, 2025 22:14
     

RIYADH: Turki Alalshikh, chairman of the General Entertainment Authority, announced the lineup of fights for the global event organized as part of Riyadh Season in collaboration with UFC, the world’s premier MMA organization.

The event, with tickets now available on the webook platform, will be held at the anb Arena in Riyadh on Feb. 1, 2025, and is expected to feature exciting matchups between some of the world’s top fighters.

In the bouts, Dagestani Said Nurmagomedov (18-3-0) will face Brazilian Vinicius “Lok Dog” Oliveira (21-3-0), while Tajikistani Muhammad Naimov (11-3-0) will take on Australian Kain Ofli (12-3-1).

In another bout, American Terrance McKinney (15-7-0) will meet Danish Damir Hadzovic (14-7-0), and Austrian Bogdan Grad (14-2-0) will clash with Brazilian Lucas Alexander (8-4-0).

The French fighter Fares Ziam (16-4-0) faces the American Mike Davis (11-2-0) in a lightweight bout.

In a standout bout, Egyptian Hamdy Abdelwahab (5-0-0) will face American Jamal Pogues (11-4-0), while Bahraini Shamil Gaziev (13-1-0) will go up against American Thomas Petersen (9-2-0) in a tough fight.

The excitement continues as Americans Jordan Leavitt (11-3-0) and Abdul Kareem Al-Silwadi (15-4-0) face off, and Russian Sergei Pavlovich (18-3-0) takes on Surinamese Jairzinho “Bigi Boy” Rozenstruik (15-5-0).

Dagestani Ikram Aliskerov (15-2-0) will also meet Brazilian Andre Muniz (24-6-0) in a decisive battle.

Previously, Alalshikh announced the main event, featuring former middleweight world champion Israel Adesanya (24-4-0), known as “The Last Stylebender,” against rising star Nassourdine Imavov (15-4-0), ranked fourth globally.

Israel Adesanya, the Nigerian-born New Zealander, is one of the biggest names in UFC history, returning to the ring after his loss to current middleweight champion Dricus Du Plessis earlier this year. He aims to regain his form with a decisive victory over Imavov.

Meanwhile, Imavov, the French fighter of Dagestani origin, seeks to maintain his momentum following a significant win over Brendan Allen. Known for his well-rounded skills and powerful knockouts, Imavov hopes to topple a legend like Adesanya in a spectacular night.

The co-main event will feature another thrilling middleweight clash between undefeated Shara Magomedov (15-0-0), a Dagestani fighter ranked 14th globally, and Michael “Venom” Page (22-3-0), the English fighter known for his kickboxing prowess. Magomedov seeks to strengthen his ranking, while Page aims to return to his winning ways.

       Follow
Topics: MIXED MARTIAL ARTS (MMA) UFC SAUDI ARABIA RIYADH SEASON
RELATED
Complete lineup for February UFC event in Riyadh announced
Trump and team get warm welcome at UFC fight night
Latest Updates
Saudi king, crown prince offer condolences to US president for victims of New Orleans attack
South Korea in political crisis after impeached president resists arrest
Mixed reactions as Biden blocks takeover of US Steel by Japan’s Nippon Steel
‘Luke the Nuke’ still living his teenage darts dream
Bellingham’s late goal gives 10-man Real Madrid comeback win at Valencia
Recommended
SAUDI ARABIA
How a Saudi royal reserve combines sustainability with support for the local community
SAUDI ARABIA
How AI is driving innovation in event management and urban development in Saudi Arabia
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.pk/node/2573575/sport 
 ----- 
