Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Victor Wembanyama's Move On Rudy Gobert Went Viral In Timberwolves-Spurs Game
Victor Wembanyama had a fantastic move on Rudy Gobert.
Ben Stinar | Nov 3, 2024
Jan 27, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; San Antonio Spurs forward Victor Wembanyama (1) drives to the basket against the Minnesota Timberwolves center Rudy Gobert (27) during the first half at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Scott Wachter-Imagn Images / Scott Wachter-Imagn Images

UPDATE: The Spurs won by a score of 113-103.

On Saturday evening, the San Antonio Spurs are playing the Minnesota Timberwolves (at home).

During the first half, Victor Wembanyama had a move on 2024 Defensive Player of The Year Rudy Gobert that went viral on social media.

Wembanyama put up 15 points, three rebounds, two assists and two blocks while shooting 7/12 from the field and 1/5 from the three-point range in his first 21 minutes.

Via NBA on ESPN: "Nifty move 🔥"

Wembanyama and Gobert were teammates on France at the 2024 Olympics in Paris (they won the Silver medal).

Aug 8, 2024; Paris, France; France power forward Victor Wembanyama (32) and centre Rudy Gobert (27) celebrate after the game against Germany in a men's basketball semifinal game during the Paris 2024 Olympic Summer Games at Accor Arena. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-Imagn Images / Kyle Terada-Imagn Images

Many NBA fans reacted to the viral highlight in the comments.

@michalstudzinski: "How's it possible that some that tall moves that well"

@thatsduusay: "Buddy been giving him work since he was 16😂I’m not surprised he still struggling"

@codyp32: "this y’all’s 4x DPOY? bro he gets cooked every season, legit on everyone’s highlights and he’s somehow a 4x DPOY 😭"

@rahfrmnw: "Gobert gonna be the first player in nba history to get cooked out of the league 😂"

Wembanyama entered the evening with averages of 18.2 points, 10.6 rebounds, 3.2 assists, 1.0 steals and 3.2 blocks per contest while shooting 41.9% from the field and 23.5% from the three-point range in five games.

That said, the Spurs are just 2-3.

Following the Timberwolves, they will visit James Harden and the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday evening in California.

As for the Timberwolves, they came into the matchup with a 3-2 record in their first five games of the season.

Published Nov 2, 2024|Modified Nov 3, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/victor-wembanyama-move-on-rudy-gobert-went-viral-in-timberwolves-spurs-game-november-nba 
 ----- 
