English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024 Group B: Australia vs England MyTeam11 - Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

T20 World Cup 2024 Group B: Australia vs England MyTeam11 - Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
Australia are in second place in the Group B standings of the T20 World Cup 2024 behind Scotland.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 07 Jun 2024 01:08 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: June 8, 2024
Time : 10:30 PM IST
Venue : Kensington Oval, Bridgetown
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

In the Group B match of the T20 World Cup 2024, Australia will take on England at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown. During their tournament opener, Australia were far from clinical with their performance against Oman, but they managed to still secure a win with a big margin. Meanwhile, England weren’t quite at their best with the ball against Scotland, but the rains ensured that this match didn’t have any winners at the end of the day.

Weather Report




Pitch Report




Analysis

David Warner played a gritty innings against a very well-rounded Oman bowling attack, but it was the Marcus Stoinis' batting blitz, which propelled the Australians to a par score in their T20 World Cup 2024 opener. In the defence of the 164-run total, Mitchell Starc and Adam Zampa delivered decent spells, but it was again a Marcus Stoinis show, this time with a ball in hand, picking up three wickets to make sure that Oman didn’t get close to chasing down the runs.

Meanwhile, England bowlers didn’t do justice to their quality against the Scottish openers Michael Jones and George Munsey, conceding 90 runs in 10 overs without picking up a wicket. Although the English batters didn’t get the chance to get their chase underway due to rain playing spoilsport, many experts believed that they would have been in trouble while chasing down a high total on the day as per the DLS method.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

Australia: David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh (c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade (wk), Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

England: Jos Buttler (c)/(wk), Phil Salt, Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood

Fantasy Teams




Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Jos Buttler
Batters : David Warner, Travis Head, Phil Salt, Jonny Bairstow
All-Rounders : Mitchell Marsh, Marcus Stoinis, Moeen Ali
Bowlers : Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Jofra Archer, Mark Wood, Adil Rashid

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

EnglandAustraliaT20 World Cup 2024
LATEST NEWS

31 December 2024

Gambhir and Agarkar, guys you are on the spot: Aakash Chopra on Rohit Sharma’s future ahead of 5th BGT Test

31 December 2024

He is not ready..: Magnus Carlsen hits out at Viswanathan Anand in FIDE Vice-President job

31 December 2024

Play of the Day: Abhishek Sharma smashes fiery century as Punjab post 5th highest total in Vijay Hazare Trophy

31 December 2024

Kamla Mobile Release Date Officially Announced: Check Details

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-group-b-aus-vs-eng-dream11-fantasy-tips-australia-vs-england-fantasy-team-head-to-head-captain-probable-xi-and-more 
 ----- 
