BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

Cricket

Australia Vs Oman, T20 World Cup Highlights: Stoinis Stars, AUS Kick Off Campaign With 39-Run Win

The 10th match of ICC T20 World Cup 2024 saw Australia securing a convincing 39-run win against Oman at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados (West Indies) on Thursday (June 6). Marcus Stoinis first struck an undefeated 36-ball 67 to power the Aussies to a 164-run total. The all-rounder then scalped three wickets and along with Nathan Ellis (2-28), Adam Zampa (2-24) and Mitchell Starc (2-20), helped restrict Oman to 125 for 9 in 20 overs. Catch the highlights of the AUS vs OMA match at T20 WC 2024, right here

O
Outlook Sports Desk
6 June 2024
Marcus Stoinis (left ) in action during the Australia vs Oman, T20 World Cup 2024 match in Barbados on Thursday (June 6). Photo: AP/Ricardo Mazalan
LIVE UPDATES
 6 Jun 2024, 05:01:32 am IST
Australia Vs Oman Highlights, ICC T20 World Cup 2024, Match 10

Welcome to the highlights of our coverage of match 10 of ICC T20 World Cup 2024, played between Australia and Oman at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados (West Indies) on Thursday, June 6. The Aussies secured a convincing 39-run win against Oman. Marcus Stoinis first struck an undefeated 36-ball 67 to power Mitchell Marsh's team to a 164-run total. The 34-year-old all-rounder then scalped three wickets and along with Nathan Ellis (2-28), Adam Zampa (2-24) and Mitchell Starc (2-20), helped restrict Oman to 125 for 9 in 20 overs. Catch the highlights of the AUS vs OMA match at T20 WC 2024, right here. (Match Report | Scorecard)

 6 Jun 2024, 05:26:06 am IST
Squads

Australia: Mitch Marsh (c), Ashton Agar, Pat Cummins, Tim David, Nathan Ellis, Cameron Green, Josh Hazlewood, Travis Head, Josh Inglis, Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade, David Warner, Adam Zampa.

Oman: Aqib Ilyas (c), Zeeshan Maqsood, Ayaan Khan, Kashyap Prajapati, Shoaib Khan, Mohammad Nadeem, Pratik Athavale, Naseem Khushi, Khalid Kail, Mehran Khan, Bilal Khan, Kaleemullah, Fayyaz Butt, Shakeel Ahmad, Rafiullah. Reserves: Jatinder Singh, Samay Shrivastava, Sufyan Mehmood, Jay Odedra.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
Meer informatie
Writing in English Doesn't Have to Feel Hard
Grammarly
Learn More
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldi g)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Als u schimmel opmerkt, doet u dit meteen!
fungulux.nl
Meer informatie
 6 Jun 2024, 05:38:06 am IST
Toss Update

Oman captain Aqib Ilyas has won the toss and decided to bowl first.

Playing XIs

Australia: David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh(c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade(w), Mitchell Starc, Nathan Ellis, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood.

Oman: Kashyap Prajapati, Pratik Athavale(w), Aqib Ilyas(c), Zeeshan Maqsood, Khalid Kail, Ayaan Khan, Shoaib Khan, Mehran Khan, Shakeel Ahmed, Kaleemullah, Bilal Khan.

 6 Jun 2024, 05:48:27 am IST
What Captains Said At The Toss

Mitchell Marsh: We were going to bowl first as well. Green, Agar, Inglis and Cummins are missing. Back end of the tournament I am hoping I can be a complete all-rounder. We are excited to start the World Cup here today.

Aqib Ilyas: We will be batting second. Fresh wicket, so it will be better to put them in. Two changes. Pratik is in and Shoaib is in as a batter.

 6 Jun 2024, 06:08:06 am IST
Travis Head Away With Boundary

Australia openers Travis Head and David Warner are both off the mark in the first over, with Head picking up a boundary and Australia fetching six runs off the over.

 6 Jun 2024, 06:24:33 am IST
Bilal Khan Sends Back Head

Bilal Khan has Travis Head caught at mid-off for just 12 runs, as Oman strike inside the third over to keep Australia in check.

 6 Jun 2024, 06:40:19 am IST
Slow Going For Australia

Though they have not lost anymore wickets, Australia are scoring at around six runs an over as of now against Oman, with captain Mitchell Marsh at the crease alongside David Warner.

 6 Jun 2024, 07:01:20 am IST
AUS Three Down

Oman are taking the fight to Australia with some spirited bowling, and have reduced the Aussies to 63 for 3 after 12 overs. Mitchell Marsh and Glenn Maxwell have been sent back to the dugout.

 6 Jun 2024, 07:21:51 am IST
Warner Nears Fifty

After a sluggish first few overs, Australia are now pressing on courtesy David Warner (46 not out off 43 balls) and Marcus Stoinis (44 not out off 26 balls). The Aussies have scored 120 runs for the loss of three wickets after 16.3 overs.

 6 Jun 2024, 07:48:07 am IST
Stoinis Finishes With Flourish

David Warner (56 off 51) and Marcus Stoinis (67 not out off 36) ensure Australia recover from the sluggish start and finish with a well above par total of 164, for the loss of five wickets.

 6 Jun 2024, 08:08:23 am IST
AUS Strike Early

Oman lose an early wicket in their chase of 165. Mitchell Starc dismisses Pratik Athavale for a first-ball duck.

 6 Jun 2024, 08:28:20 am IST
Oman Two Down Inside Powerplay

Nathan Ellis traps Kashyap Prajapati in front, as Oman lose their second wicket in the fifth over.

 6 Jun 2024, 08:49:22 am IST
Stoinis In The Act With Ball 

After a game-changing innings with the bat, Marcus Stoinis now shines with the ball, picking up back-to-back wickets to leave Oman four down.

 6 Jun 2024, 09:06:48 am IST
Oman Dig Deeper Hole With Sixth Wicket

The equation keeps getting more difficult for Oman. The clinical Aussies are chipping away with wickets and keeping the runs down too. With 106 more runs needed off 40 balls and just four wickets in hand, the match seems headed in only one direction.

 6 Jun 2024, 09:27:09 am IST
Asking Rate Over 20 RPO Now

Oman lose their seventh wicket, and with 70 needed off 20, it is now a question of when, and by how many (runs) they will lose, rather than if.

 6 Jun 2024, 09:47:43 am IST
Australia Win By 39 Runs

A bridge too far to cross for Oman, in the end. They end with 125 runs in pursuit of a 165-run target. And with that, Australia commence their T20 World Cup campaign with a comfortable 39-run victory.

 6 Jun 2024, 10:01:50 am IST
What POTM Marcus Stoinis Said

For his unbeaten 67 runs and three wickets, Marcus Stoinis is the Player of the Match.

Here is what he said after guiding Australia to a comfortable win: "Yeah it was a nice start. Maybe a few cobwebs for us but we're better for it, and nice that we got the win. And nice that I got to spend some time in the middle and have a bit of a bowl. [On the pitch] Yeah we'd lost a couple of wickets, was just looking to hit the ball and along the ground at the start, just keep it simple. Soak up the conditions a little bit. [Was it harder to face spin or seam?] Spin I guess. Couple keeping low, couple spinning and not spinning. But with the new ball the quicks looked tough as well. [Was he always going to go hard after the 15th over?] Not particularly. Davie and I spoke about targeting the first couple of balls of that next over and then you know, you get the first few away and you think to try and turn it into a big over."

 6 Jun 2024, 10:06:20 am IST
What Losing Captain Aqib Ilyas Said

Aqib Ilyas: "We tried to defend a low target in the first game and today played a team like Australia. Credit to our bowlers. One catch we messed up and you saw that over being taken for many runs and Stoinis. Media doesn't show the positive things that we saw. Our bowlers did well. We had a grip on the game till the 14th over. I wanted to take a catch like that against Australia. We messed up our plans. He was hitting straight down the ground easily. We then decided to change the plan and make him hit to the longer side boundary. Hopefully we will turn up better next time. If we can bat well in the powerplay it will be important for us and as a batter I have to do well there."

 6 Jun 2024, 10:18:29 am IST
What Winning Captain Mitchell Marsh Said

Mitchell Marsh: "Pretty close one in the end, but good to get a win first up. [On David Warner's run-scoring tempo] Everyone's gotta play a little bit different this tournament I think. We might get few wickets that are [good for batting] but that's the old T20 right? Someone batting through, and Davy delivered tonight. [On Marcus Stoinis' knock] It was pretty special from him, took his time and then got going through the end of the innings. [On Mitchell Starc not bowling in the latter half] Yeah just a cramp, we just took him off as a precaution but he says he's fine. [Cobwebs?] Not sure if was cobwebs as much as different conditions. Things may look a little different on these sort of wickets, but I think that's exciting. We go on to England now and hopefully that'll be a good game with a good crowd."

 6 Jun 2024, 10:26:01 am IST
That's A Wrap

With that, we conclude our coverage of the Australia vs Oman game. We will be back in the evening with live updates from the Pakistan vs USA match. Until then, goodbye.

Tags
Cricket
T20 World Cup
Australia National Cricket Team
Oman National Cricket Team
Marcus Stoinis
As It Happened
Highlights
Kensington Oval
Mitchell Marsh
Barbados
Aqib Ilyas
Australia Vs Oman
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write Better
Improve grammar, word choice, and sentence structure everywhere you work. Write better with...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Install Now
Stap in de nieuwe Kia EV6. Ontvang jouw inruilvoorstel.
De nieuwe Kia EV6 met 800V ultrasnel laden: laad 100 kilometer in minder dan 5 minuten. Dat...
Kia
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Teennagel schimmel? Probeert u deze truc vanavond uit! (Gen...
Dermatoloog onthult: Deze thuismeth ode vermindert schimmelnagels...
fungulux.nl
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Topdokters: Stop met het eten van deze "gezonde" vruchten ...
Gezondevetmethode
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie pr...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijze...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op basis van leeftijd!
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op basis van leeftijd!
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
You will never turn off your computer again.
CombatSiege
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van gratis autoverzeke...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Artrose en gewrichtspijn? Doe dit en zie wat er gebeurt
OplossingArticulatie
|
Sponsored
Zoek naar de beste sanitairwink els bij u in de buurt
Vind meer aanbiedingen
Sanitairwinkels | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Today Sports News
Cricket News
BPL 2024-25, Match 4: Nahid Rana Shines As Rangpur Riders Beat Sylhet Strikers By 34 Runs
Border-Gavaskar Trophy: Jasprit Bumrah Named Captain Of Cricket Australia Test Team Of Year
SA20 2025 Guide: Preview, Full Squads, Venues - All You Need To Know
Travis Head Was Putting 'Finger On Ice': Australian Batter Bizarre Celebration After Dismissing Rishabh Pant
VHT 2024-25: Mumbai's Ayush Mhatre Breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's World Record In List A Cricket
Football News
LIV Vs LFC, Boxing Day PL Preview: Match Prediction, Players To Watch - All You Need To Know
Ruben Amorim: Marcus Rashford's Absence Won't Be A Distraction For Manchester United
Carlos Corberan Becomes Valncia's New Coach After Departure Form West Brom
Wolves Vs Man United, Premier League Preview: Players To Watch, Who Will Win On Boxing Day?
KBFC 3-0 MSC, ISL 2024-25: Bhaskar Roy Blunder Gives The Tuskers All Three Points In Kochi
Tennis News
United States Of America Vs China Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 2: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Kazakhstan Vs Germany Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 1: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Brisbane International: Nick Kyrgios Left In 'Throbbing' Pain After Singles Return
WTA Auckland Open: Emma Raducanu Withdraws From Australian Open Tune-Up With Back Injury
United Cup 2024-25: Coco Gauff, Taylor Fritz Lead USA Into Quarter-Final
Hockey News
Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Vs Team Gonasika Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch Match 6
Delhi SG Pipers 2-2 Hyderabad Toofans Highlights, Hockey India League: HYDT Win Shootout In Sudden Death
Hockey India League: Hyderabad Toofans Pip Delhi SG Pipers In Shootouts, Clinch Bonus Point
Delhi SG Pipers Vs Hyderabad Toofans Live Streaming, HIL: When And Where To Watch Hockey India League Match 5
HIL 2024-25, Match 4 Highlights: Russell Scores Two As UP Rudras Beat Kalinga Lancers 3-1 At Birsa Munda Stadium
Trending Stories
National News
Katra Ropeway Protest: Detained Protesters To Be Released, Panel To Hold Talks With Sangharsh Samiti
J&K: Congress Criticizes "Repressive Measures" In Katra Protests, Calls for LG Intervention
BJP Vs AAP In Delhi, BPSC Protests In Bihar And More | December 31 News Wrap
Anna University Assault Case: BJP To Launch 450 KM Long ‘Justice Rally’; NCW Suggestions Post Inquiry
Manipur CM Biren Singh Apologizes For Ethnic Violence In State, Calls For Peace With New Year
Entertainment News
Aquaman Star Jason Momoa To play Lobo In Supergirl: Woman Of Tomorrow
Year-Ender 2024: Stree 2 To Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3, Top 10 Highest-Grossing Hindi Movies Of The Year
IFFK 2024|Misericordia Captures A Community Mired In Lust And Secrets
When Is Squid Game 3 Releasing? All You Need To Know About Lee Jung-jae Starrer
Sudhanshu Rai-Puneet Sharma's Sci-Fi Thriller Baida To Release In March 2025
US News
US Imposes Sanctions On Russian, Iranian Groups Over Disinformation Targeting American Voters
Ex-US President Jimmy Carter's Funeral To Impact Donald Trump's Inauguration | Here's How
US Embassy Approved Over 1 Million Visas For Indians In 2024 | Details
Judge Says Woman Accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs Of Raping Her Can Proceed Anonymously
Why Amazon Workers In US Are On Strike During Holiday Season
World News
Serbia: Instead Of Partying, Thousands Turn New Year Celebration Into Anti-Govt Protest
Israel Claims Death Of Hamas Leader, Syria Hopes For Better Future; Atrocities Continue In West Asia | Latest Updates
Soft Ruins: Fractured Memories Of War In Myanmar
Putting A Human Face To The War In Congo
Anaesthesia: The Silence And Numbness Of War
Latest Stories
Pisces Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock The Mysteries Of Your Yearly Zodiac Reading
Aquarius Yearly Horoscope 2025: Your Complete Zodiac Guide For The Year Ahead
Capricorn Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock Key Insights For A Fulfilling Year
Horoscope For December 31, 2024: Discover Astrological Insights For Every Zodiac Sign
South Korea: Court Issues Warrant To Detain Impeached President Yoon Over Martial Law Probe
Delhi Traffic Police To Deploy 2500 Personnel, 250 Squads To Monitor Traffic On New Year’s Eve
Yemen Prez Says Yes To Kerala Nurse's Death Sentence; MEA Says 'Extending All Possible Help'
Vijay Hazare Trophy 2024-25 Highlights Round 5: Mumbai, Punjab Post 400 Plus; Vidarbha Beat TN
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/cricket/australia-vs-oman-live-scores-icc-t20-world-cup-2024-match-10-aus-vs-oma-updates-kensington-oval-barbados 
 ----- 
