SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
NIGERIA BOYCOTT AFCON QUALIFYING MATCH AGAINST LIBYA AFTER 'INHUMANE TREATMENT'
Nigeria boycott AFCON qualifying match against Libya after 'inhumane treatment'
AFP, Josh Donaldson,
14.10.2024 11:04
Updated 14.10.2024 11:44
Nigeria's players have opted not to face Libya
ČTK / imago sportfotodienst / Karpushev / Profimedia
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) said it will fly the country's team back to the country Monday after alleged "inhumane treatment" in Libya ahead of a 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier.

"Players have resolved not to play the match any longer as NFF officials are making plans to fly the team back home," said NFF director of communications, Ademola Olajire.

A formal complaint by Nigeria has also been sent to the Confederation of African Football (CAF).

The Nigerian team have been held at an abandoned airport in Libya for more than 15 hours since their chartered flight landed Sunday.

The Nigerian embassy in Libya reportedly cannot intervene as they would need permission to do so from the Libyan government.

Captain William Troost-Ekong said the team will not play the game and they will not make a three-hour bus ride from Al-Abraq to Benina, where the qualifier was scheduled to be played on Tuesday, for safety reasons.

"As the team captain together with the team we have decided that we will NOT play this game," he posted on social media.

"Let them have the points.

"We will not accept to travel anywhere by road here even with security it's not safe. We can only imagine what the hotel or food would be like given to us if we continued."

Former African footballer of the year Victor Ikpeba, who accompanied the team to Libya, has urged for stiff sanctions against Libya and supported the decision to boycott the match.

"If CAF know their job, Libya ought to be banned from international football," he told AFP.

"This is a high-risk country and one really wonders who approved for Libya to be playing their games at home.

"I played for the Super Eagles for 10 years and I never experienced what I have in Libya in the last hours."

"The team are not safe, those of us travelling with them are also not safe," he added.

"We were locked up in an abandoned airport for more than 10 hours like hostages.

"The team will call off their bluff and not play this match."

Soon after, Troost-Ekong gave his followers another update, suggesting that fuel in the airport needed for the plane was deliberately withheld to delay his side.

The Libyan Football Federation have "firmly rejected" all accusations of wrongdoing as they blamed it on a "misunderstanding".

In a statement on X, they explained: "We firmly reject any claims that suggest foul play or sabotage in this situation.

"It is important to highlight that just last week, our own national team faced significant challenges upon our arrival in Nigeria for the third match of the Africa Cup of Nations qualification."

On Friday, Nigeria beat Libya 1-0 in the southern city of Uyo.

They lead Group D with seven points from three matches, while Libya are bottom of the standings on one point.

MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
Nigeria
Libya
African football
Nigeria
Related Articles
Former champions Ghana in desperate fight for survival in AFCON qualifying
13.10.2024 06:25
Mohamed Salah helps Egypt to victory as Tunisia stunned by Comoros
11.10.2024 22:04
Nigeria vs Libya: Where the AFCON qualifier will be won and lost
10.10.2024 19:55
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
7 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
7 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
7 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
9 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
9 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
10 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
10 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
13 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
13 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
13 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-nigeria-boycott-afcon-qualifying-match-against-libya-after-inhumane-treatment/8rflRFl4/ 
 ----- 
