Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports Care With the Caretaker/Can Libya stop the Super Eagles from flying high on Friday?
International FootballSports Care With the CaretakerSuper Eagles
Can Libya stop the Super Eagles from flying high on Friday?
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
October 10, 2024
0 7 2 minutes read

Nigeria’s Super Eagles will face off against Libya in a crucial AFCON 2025 qualifier at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium on Friday, October 11, 2024.

With Nigeria leading their group after a win over Benin and a hard-fought draw away to Rwanda, a victory over Libya could give Augustine Eguavoen’s side a comfortable cushion at the top and edge them closer to AFCON qualification.

With a squad full of talent, the Super Eagles are heavily favoured to win this clash. Star names like Ademola Lookman, Wilfred Ndidi, and Victor Boniface will be expected to make the difference. However, the team will be without their top scorer, Victor Osimhen, due to injury, which places more pressure on the likes of Boniface to deliver the goals.

Libya, meanwhile, have endured a tough start to their campaign. A draw against Rwanda followed by a loss to Benin puts them in a challenging spot. Although they aren’t expected to pose a huge threat to Nigeria, the Mediterranean Knights could still pull off a surprise, much like they did against Cameroon last year.

Libya national team players on arrival in Uyo
Can Nigeria Handle the Fast-Paced Libyans?

Nsikakabasi Akpan of SportsRation highlights that, while Nigeria are favourites, they need to be cautious against Libya’s quick and agile players. “Nigeria have more quality, but Libya are a fast team, and we must be wary of their counterattacks,” Akpan stated. The Libyan side is known for their pace on the break, and they will be looking to catch Nigeria off guard with quick transitions. Nigeria’s defence, led by William Troost-Ekong, will need to be disciplined to avoid any slip-ups.

Super Eagles Must Capitalize on Chances

Another critical point raised by Akpan is Nigeria’s need to take their chances. “We have seen it before; when Nigeria fails to score early and then concedes first, the team struggles to find a way back,” Akpan warned. Indeed, the Super Eagles have sometimes found it difficult to recover after going behind, so they must be clinical in front of goal. With players like Lookman, Moses Simon, and Boniface in attack, Nigeria has the firepower, but converting those chances will be key.

 

Predicted Lineups:

Nigeria’s Probable XI:

Goalkeeper: Nwabali
Defenders: Ajayi, Troost-Ekong, Bassey
Midfielders: Aina, Ndidi, Dele-Bashiru, Onyemaechi
Forwards: Lookman, Boniface, Moses Simon

Libya’s Probable XI:

Goalkeeper: Al Wohsehi
Defenders: Ali, El Trbi, Arteeba, Al Dhawi
Midfielders: Aliaddawi, Al Badri, Al Khouja, Shafshuf, Al-Qulaib
Forward: Krawa’a

The Super Eagles will look to dominate possession and break down Libya’s defence, but they must be vigilant to avoid being caught on the counterattack. A win on Friday would bring them closer to securing their spot in AFCON 2025.

MY PREDICTION

Nigeria 3-1 Libya

 Tags
2025 AFCON qualifier
Can Libya stop the Super Eagles from flying high on Friday?
Nigeria vs Libya
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
2024 NLO Cup: Ibom Youth FC, Police Baretta, and Family Worship Center FC win on opening day
2 hours ago
Super Eagles have two players in CAF Men’s XI for 2024
3 hours ago
Ademola Lookman wins 2024 CAF Men’s Player of the Year Award
8 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
2024 NLO Cup: Ibom Youth FC, Police Baretta, and Family Worship Center FC win on opening day
2 hours ago
Super Eagles have two players in CAF Men’s XI for 2024
3 hours ago
Ademola Lookman appears with girlfriend Jayda Love at CAF Awards
6 hours ago
Super Eagles star Dele-Bashiru involved in car accident
6 hours ago
Ademola Lookman wins 2024 CAF Men’s Player of the Year Award
8 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/can-libya-stop-the-super-eagles-from-flying-high-on-friday/ 
 ----- 
