Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports Care With the Caretaker/Nigeria vs Libya: Predicted Super Eagles lineup
9ja FlavourSports Care With the CaretakerSuper Eagles
Nigeria vs Libya: Predicted Super Eagles lineup
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
October 10, 2024
0 6 1 minute read

Nigeria’s Super Eagles will host Libya in a crucial AFCON 2025 qualifier at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium on Friday, October 11, 2024. SportsRations’ Nsikakabasi Akpan presents the predicted Super Eagles XI for the game.

ABOUT THE MATCH

Augustine Eguavoen’s side is looking to build on their impressive start to the campaign, with a win against Benin and a draw away to Rwanda. A victory in this match would give Nigeria a commanding lead in their group and increase their chances of qualifying for the tournament.

Nigeria, with their star-studded squad, are heavy favourites to secure all three points against Libya. The Super Eagles are keen to avoid the disappointment of missing out on AFCON as they did in 2015 and 2017.

Libya, on the other hand, have struggled in AFCON qualifying in recent years. After a 1-1 draw against Rwanda on matchday one and a 2-1 loss to Benin on matchday two, Libya’s chances of causing an upset look slim. However, the Mediterranean Knights will be hoping to take inspiration from their surprising draw with Cameroon last year as they try to frustrate Nigeria.

Here’s the predicted starting lineup for Nigeria as they aim for victory:

Nigeria’s Predicted XI vs Libya:

Goalkeeper: Nwabali
Defenders: Ajayi, Troost-Ekong, Bassey
Midfielders: Aina, Ndidi, Dele-Bashiru, Onyemaechi
Forwards: Lookman, Boniface, Moses Simon

With Victor Osimhen ruled out with Injury, Bayer Leverkusen’s Victor Boniface is expected to lead the attack alongside Ademola Lookman and Moses SImon, Nigeria’s forward line looks potent. Defensively, the experienced William Troost-Ekong will be expected to marshal the backline, while Ndidi will anchor the midfield.

Libya, despite their underdog status, will hope for a solid defensive performance and look to exploit any Nigerian errors on the counterattack.

The Super Eagles will be aiming to secure a comfortable victory in front of their home crowd and edge closer to AFCON 2025 qualification.

 Tags
Nigeria vs Libya
Super Eagles
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
2024 NLO Cup: Ibom Youth FC, Police Baretta, and Family Worship Center FC win on opening day
3 hours ago
Super Eagles have two players in CAF Men’s XI for 2024
4 hours ago
Ademola Lookman wins 2024 CAF Men’s Player of the Year Award
9 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
2024 NLO Cup: Ibom Youth FC, Police Baretta, and Family Worship Center FC win on opening day
3 hours ago
Super Eagles have two players in CAF Men’s XI for 2024
4 hours ago
Ademola Lookman appears with girlfriend Jayda Love at CAF Awards
7 hours ago
Super Eagles star Dele-Bashiru involved in car accident
7 hours ago
Ademola Lookman wins 2024 CAF Men’s Player of the Year Award
9 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/nigeria-vs-libya-predicted-super-eagles-lineup/ 
 ----- 
