By Funmilayo Kanmodi
October 7, 2024
Why Victor Osimhen was excluded from Nigeria's AFCON 2025 qualifiers squad
SHARE

Here is why Victor Osimhen was dropped from Nigeria's squad for the October 2024 AFCON 2025 qualifiers for the international break.

Following the official announcement and confirmation of Nigeria's squad for AFCON 2025 qualifiers for October 2024, the reason behind the exclusion of Victor Osimhen was finally revealed by the interim manager of the Super Eagles.

Nigeria’s head coach, Augustine Eguavoen has announced his squad ahead of the fixtures coming up and according to Goal.com, Orlando Pirates’ stand-in captain, Olisa Ndah and Galatasaray striker, Victor Osimhen have both been left out of the squad, the reason being that they are both injured.

On Friday, October 11, 2024, Nigeria will play host to Libya in Uyo. Four days later, the team will depart for Benghazi. With two victories, the Super Eagles would have a strong chance of making it to Morocco's Afcon finals.

The Nigerian team has been revealed for their match against Libya in the AFCON 2025 qualifying tournament. The front will be spearheaded by Taiwo Awoniyi of Nottingham Forest and Victor Boniface of Bayer Leverkusen, since vital striker Victor Osimhen is sidelined due to injury. Ademola Lookman, Kelechi Iheanacho, and Samuel Chukwueze are a few other prominent forwards.

HOT STORIES

Lyrics

Joy Is Coming Lyrics by Fido

Lyrics

Mega Money Mega Lyrics by Tiwa Savage

Lyrics

Finee Lyrics by BJ Show, Shoday & Wxze Music

Lyrics

Venus Lyrics by Faceless Music feat. Serotonin

Lyrics

Everybody Loves Christmas Lyrics by Funke Akindele

The club will rely on Frank Onyeka, Alex Iwobi, and Wilfred Ndidi in the midfield. Regulars like William Troost-Ekong, Bright Osayi-Samuel, and Calvin Bassey are on the defense. The goalkeeping unit includes Maduka Okoye and Stanley Nwabali.

The first game is scheduled for October 11, 2024, at Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo. On October 15, in Benghazi, the second leg will take place.

Read the Latest Sports News and get fresh updates on X and Facebook

TAGS
AFCON 2025
RELATED
Sports
2024 CAF Awards: Complete list of all the winners
Sports
Who is CAF's Men's Player of the Year 2024?
Sports
Lamine Yamal suffers another injury in two months
Sports
Athletes downtime entertainment: how they stay engaged during breaks
Sports
The 10 best African male athletes of 2024

Entertainment for African Youth

Links
Topics
Artists A to Z
Afrobeats
Burna Boy
Davido
Wizkid
Ayra Starr
Rema
Tems
Legal
DMCA Removal
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Company
Contact Us
Streams on Apple and Spotify
Sitemap
Partners
Entiar
Notjustok Distro
Predict n Win
EastAfrica

Copyright © 2022, Notjustok Inc

ADVERTISEMENT
Be the first to know about Naija music and entertainment news
Yes o!
Not for me
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://notjustok.com/sports/why-osimhen-was-excluded-from-nigerias-afcon-2025-qualifiers-squad/ 
 ----- 
