Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Dodgers get good news on Teoscar, then bats erupt for 6 runs in the 1st
Share
Dodgers get good news on Teoscar, then bats erupt for 6 runs in the 1st
Scans on All-Star outfielder's left foot after HBP came back negative
September 8th, 2024

Juan Toribio

@juanctoribio
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

LOS ANGELES -- After taking a hit-by-pitch and exiting in the first inning on Friday, it looked as if Teoscar Hernández was going to be sidelined for an extended period of time with a left foot injury.

But both an MRI and CT scan came back negative on Saturday, meaning Hernández won’t need a stint on the IL after all -- and he feels he can be back on the field as early as Monday against the Cubs. The Dodgers are officially listing him as day to day.

“Very relieved,” manager Dave Roberts said. “Obviously, if it was a fracture, that was probably going to be the end of the season for him, and it would have been a huge loss. But with the imaging that we received, information we received, we feel good about the day to day and getting him back sometime early next week. I hope it just continues to get better each day.”

Complete coverage: Dodgers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Hernández will go through on-field work on Sunday in order to fully determine exactly when he’ll be ready to return to the field. Regardless, Saturday’s news regarding Hernández was as good as the Dodgers would have hoped for.

For one game, however, the Dodgers’ offense functioned just fine without their All-Star outfielder, using a six-run first inning to beat the Guardians, 7-2, on Saturday at Dodger Stadium. The win padded L.A.'s lead in the NL West standings over the Padres and D-backs, both of whom lost, to five and 6 1/2 games, respectively.

Related
Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

MLB, Los Angeles orgs dedicate 'LA Strong' collection to fire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

With new deal official, Teoscar eyes 'special things' for Dodgers in '25

January 4th, 2025

Teoscar staying with Dodgers on 3-year, $66 million deal

January 3rd, 2025

Burnes favorite? Pair of 3B with fates intertwined? Your questions, answered

December 17th, 2024

“Fortunately, that first inning was the difference in the ballgame,” Roberts said. “We got to the starter, saw a lot of different arms in the 'pen and have a good chance to win tomorrow."

The Dodgers were patient, drawing three consecutive one-out walks against right-handed starter Gavin Williams. Then Tommy Edman was able to pounce, hitting a two-RBI ground-rule double to get the Dodgers on the board. Three batters later, Andy Pages, who was filling in for Hernández in left field, smacked a two-run homer to cap off the rally.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

In the fourth, Mookie Betts gave the Dodgers some more breathing room with a solo homer, his 16th of the season. Since returning from a fractured left wrist, Betts has hit six homers in 24 games.

“As long as we win, that’s all I care about,” Betts said. “Again, like I’ve always said, I got to do it when it matters.”

With the uncertainty around the Dodgers’ starting rotation, it’ll once again fall on the high-powered offense to carry the heavy workload the rest of the season. Shohei Ohtani, Freddie Freeman and Betts will be responsible for the majority of it. That’s what comes with being superstars.

Behind the Big Three, however, the Dodgers believe they have as much talent as they’ve had in recent seasons. Avoiding a serious injury to Hernández was significant, but they also have Max Muncy, Gavin Lux, Will Smith and Edman, who have lengthened the lineup.

On Saturday, six of the nine starters reached base safely at least once. It’ll have to be an all-out attack from the Dodgers’ offense through October. They continue to show how capable they are of that.

“I don’t want to put it solely on the offense, because the guys that we are running out there have still go to do their jobs, as far as on the pitching side,” Roberts said. “But I do know that the offense is aware of the fact that, what we’ve been going through as a staff, they can’t take nights off, at-bats off. When we need to add on or fight to get back into a game to give it to guys in the ‘pen, they need to do that. I’m seeing a concerted effort, which has been great.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
Teoscar Hernández
You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/teoscar-hernandez-injury-hit-by-pitch-ankle 
 ----- 
