Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three Observations From Guardians Loss To Dodgers, 7-2
Gavin Williams struggles against the Los Angeles Dodgers in the Cleveland Guardians' loss.
Tommy Wild | Sep 7, 2024
Sep 7, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Gavin Williams (32) delivers to the plate in the first inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images / Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images

The Cleveland Guardians did not have their best stuff against the Los Angeles Dodgers and dropped the second game of their series, 7-2.

Here are three observations and takeaways from the Guardians' loss.

Gavin Williams

The Guardians were really relying on Gavin Williams to give them five or six strong innings, especially since they had to push back Alex Cobb's start, who was supposed to pitch on Saturday night.

Instead, Williams couldn't make it out of the first inning. He allowed five earned runs on two hits and only managed to get two outs before his early exit.

The biggest issue for Williams in this start was his command. He threw 37 pitches, and only 45 percent of those were strikes.

Williams knows he needs to be better. But that doesn't change the fact that Cleveland needed six pitchers to get through the game, and now Tanner Bibee is under more pressure to have an efficient start on Sunday with the bullpen so thin.

Lane Thomas

The Guardians only scored two runs against the Dodgers in a what was a bullpen game for LA. Those two runs came from a Lane Thomas home run in the top of the second inning which scored himself and David Fry.

Overall, it was a disappointing night for Cleveland's offense in a game they should. At least Thomas showed some signs of life at the plate, and he's still hitting .317/.370/.537 over the last 15 games.

Sep 7, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Cleveland Guardians right fielder Lane Thomas (8) hits a two-run home run in the second inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images / Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images
Cleveland's Bullpen

Cleveland's bullpen was given the tough task of covering 8.1 innings after Williams gave up five earned runs in that first inning.

Things could've gotten much worse for the Guardians, but the relievers did their job to perfection and only gave up two more runs in the game. These runs came from a home run by Andy Pages off Pedro Avila and a solo home run by Mookie Betts off Scott Barlow.

Cleveland covered those innings efficiently and didn't need to use Cade Smith, Hunter Gaddis, or Emmanuel Clase to get their sets, which puts them in a better spot for the series finale.

Published Sep 7, 2024
TOMMY WILD

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/three-observations-cleveland-guardians-los-angeles-dodgers-september-7-2024 
 ----- 
