Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Dodgers jump on Gavin Williams early, hand Guardians 7-2 loss
Updated: Sep. 08, 2024, 12:35 a.m.|Published: Sep. 07, 2024, 11:43 p.m.
21
1/21
Cleveland Guardians vs. Los Angeles Dodgers, Sept. 7, 2024
By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

LOS ANGELES — Gavin Williams got past Shohei Ohtani in the first inning, but things went downhill from there for Williams and the Guardians on Saturday in a 7-2 loss to Los Angeles at Dodger Stadium.

Williams retired Ohtani, the favorite for MVP in the National League, on a ground out. But the right-hander walked three consecutive batters before allowing a two-run double to Tommy Edman and an RBI sacrifice fly to Gavin Lux for a three-run Dodgers lead. An RBI single by Miguel Rojas chased Williams from the game after recording just two outs and throwing 37 pitches.

0:00
/
0:56
Keep Watching
'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round
MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
Guardians fans want clarity on Josh Naylor, Andres Gimenez trades: Hey, Hoynsie
Exploring the Guardians’ approach to arbitration deals (Podcast)

Pedro Avila relieved Williams and served up a two-run home run to Andy Pages that put Los Angeles in front 6-0 after one inning. Williams (3-8, 5.25) took the loss, allowing five earned runs on two hits in two-thirds of an inning.

“Just couldn’t throw strikes, that’s about it,” Williams said afterward. “I was trying to work inside really, and I was pulling a lot of them.”

Manager Stephen Vogt said he felt Williams came into the start “a little amped up.”

“He was 98-99 mph (tonight),” Vogt said. “The other night in Kansas City, he was kind of 95-97. Just kind of overthrowing a little bit and yanking the ball. Just didn’t have the command.”

Cleveland answered with a two-run home run by Lane Thomas in the top of the second, but seven Dodgers pitchers combined to hold the Guardians scoreless over the final seven frames in a bullpen game for the NL West frontrunners. Brent Honeywell (1-1, 2.83) earned the win after pitching a scoreless ninth.

The home run was Thomas’ 10th of the season and second since joining Cleveland at the trade deadline. He is batting .342 (13 for 38) in his last 14 games. Thomas, hiowever, said facing a different reliever in every at-bat throughout a game can be challenging.

“It’s hard when you see an arm every inning and you’re trying to adjust,” Thomas said. “Not seeing the same guy back-to-back at bats. But I thought our at-bats were good. I hit a few balls to right field that could have fallen in some situations, and I know some other guys did as well. We could have been right back in that game really easily.”

The Guardians’ lead in the American League Central Division slipped to 3 1/2 games over second-place Kansas City. Cleveland’s magic number to clinch the division remained at 17 with 20 games to play. Boston’s second straight win prevented Cleveland from reducing its number to clinch a playoff spot, which currently stands at 12.

Coming off a sharp, seven-inning effort Monday in Kansas City, Williams lost command of his fastball early and could not throw any of his breaking pitches in the strike zone. Vogt said prior to the game that when Williams was effective in K.C., he had command of all four of his pitches.

“When he’s landing spin in the zone, that helps his fastball play up even more,” Vogt said. “So, it’s fastball command and it’s pounding the zone with his secondary.”

Mookie Betts belted his 16th home run in the fourth inning, a solo shot off Scott Barlow that put the Dodgers in front by five. Betts has three hits in the first two games of the series, all for extra bases.

Cleveland missed opportunities to score in the third when David Fry struck out with two runners on base, in the fourth when Andrés Giménez popped out to center with the bases loaded, and in the fifth when Daniel Schneemann and Thomas struck out with runners at second and third following a Kyle Manzardo pinch-hit double.

Giménez finished with three singles and has hit safely in 12 of his last 15 games.

Cleveland’s bullpen logged 7 1/3 innings, allowing two runs on six hits with eight strikeouts and no walks. Rookie Erik Sabrowski, fresh off his big league debut Wednesday against the Royals, tossed 2 1/3 scoreless frames with three strikeouts.

Vogt said the left-hander is throwing strikes and his fastball has good ride while his curve and slider are both sharp. But most of all, Sabrowski has demonstrated a fearlesness on the mound.

“He’s not scared,” Vogt said. “We threw him right into the fire in both outings and he’s come out and thrown the ball very, very well.”

Next: The series concludes Sunday with a 4:10 p.m. first pitch from Dodger Stadium. Right-hander Tanner Bibee (11-6, 3.56) will start for Cleveland while righty Jack Flaherty (11-6, 3.01) takes the mound for Los Angeles. Bally Sports Great Lakes, WTAM 1100 AM, WMMS 100.7 FM and the Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/dodgers-jump-on-gavin-williams-early-hand-guardians-7-2-loss.html 
 ----- 
