Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Machado joins Colbert atop Padres' HR charts
Share
Machado joins Colbert atop Padres' HR charts
September 7th, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN DIEGO -- In February 2023, when Manny Machado signed an 11-year contract extension that would keep him in San Diego for -- in his words -- the rest of his career, this was always a formality.

Ever since, Machado has been on course to pass Nate Colbert as the Padres’ all-time home run leader. Now, he needs only one more.

Each team's all-time home run leader

In the Padres’ 5-1 victory over the Giants on Friday night at Petco Park, Machado launched two home runs -- the 162nd and 163rd across his six seasons in San Diego. In doing so, he moved into a tie with Colbert atop the franchise leaderboard.

A member of the Padres’ inaugural 1969 team, Colbert was renowned for his immense power and regarded as the franchise’s first star player. Colbert, who passed away in 2023 at the age of 76, has been atop that leaderboard after every season of the team’s existence.

“It’s an honor,” Machado said. “Any time you’re part of history, it’s special.”

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Particularly so, given the way the game unfolded. Machado’s two home runs were part of a complete Padres victory. Michael King pitched six innings of one-run ball on a night the San Diego bullpen absolutely had to have it. That bullpen -- without its three highest-leverage arms available -- nailed down the final three frames with ease.

Essentially, San Diego grabbed an early lead, and Petco Park rocked for nine innings. Machado and the Padres are doing their part to ensure it keeps rocking into October.

“This is what I wanted, to do it in front of the home crowd,” Machado said. “Because I know they deserve it. To just do it at home makes it that much more special.”

With the victory, the Padres moved closer to ensuring postseason baseball in the East Village next month. They extended their lead for the top National League Wild Card spot to 1 1/2 games over the Diamondbacks, who lost in Houston. (That top spot comes with home-field advantage in a best-of-three Wild Card Series.)

Of course, the Padres have bigger goals. The Dodgers lost Friday, too, moving San Diego within four games in the NL West. And while that gap remains relatively sizable with only 19 games to play, the Padres still have three games remaining against Los Angeles (Sept. 24-26 at Dodger Stadium), and they own the tiebreaker.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

Remembering Colbert's 5-HR day in Atlanta

January 12th, 2023

Nate Colbert, Padres' all-time HR leader, dies at 76

January 6th, 2023

The only damper on the night came in the bottom of the sixth inning, when rookie phenom Jackson Merrill fouled a ball off his left knee. Merrill remained in the game, but he was replaced in center field two innings later by utility man Tyler Wade. The team said Merrill has a left patella contusion, and X-rays were negative.

"Obviously, relieved that it's negative, and we'll take it day by day, see what it feels like tomorrow," said Padres manager Mike Shildt.

If Merrill’s absence lingers, it would be a setback for a red-hot Padres lineup. He’s making a serious push for the NL Rookie of the Year Award. Lately, he and Machado have been the team’s two best hitters.

Machado’s surge has lasted for the better part of two months. He started the season slowly, while recovering from surgery to repair the extensor tendon in his right elbow. He’s acknowledged that his elbow likely won’t return to full strength until next season.

Still, Machado is clearly in a better place. Since June 19 -- a span of 65 games -- Machado is hitting .304 with 19 homers. It’s no coincidence that the Padres’ 44-22 record in that span is the best in baseball. (Machado did not play on Aug. 12.)

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Manny was grinding early on; I don’t think there was any secret in that,” Shildt said. “But he never made any excuses … was good enough to compete -- and compete he did. So he set a great example for the club, to be able to see what it looks like, to answer the bell.

“Clearly, we’re a really good team when Manny and our guys are going. He’s a special talent.”

Special enough that he has passed every name on the Padres home run leaderboard but one. His first home run Friday moved him past Adrián González into second place. Last month, he passed Dave Winfield and Phil Nevin. Last season, he passed Tony Gwynn.

“Just to be up there with the names that are up there -- you got legends that have played in this organization, [guys] that are in the Hall of Fame,” Machado said. “Just to be a part of that, it’s a blessing. It’s special, for sure.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Manny Machado
Nate Colbert

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/manny-machado-ties-padres-career-home-run-record 
 ----- 
