Menu 
Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Colorado Rockies live stream, TV channel, start time, odds | September 27
Share this article
 share   tweet   email  
Data Skrive 
September 27, 2023 3:25 am ET

Freddie Freeman and the Los Angeles Dodgers will play Ryan McMahon and the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday at Coors Field, at 8:40 PM ET.

The Dodgers are second-best in MLB action with 241 total home runs. The Rockies average just 7.1 strikeouts per nine innings as a pitching staff, worst in the league.

Ahead of watching this Dodgers vs. Rockies matchup, here is everything you need to know about Wednesday’s action on the diamond, including viewing options.

Dodgers vs. Rockies: live streaming info, TV channel & game time
Game Day: Wednesday, September 27, 2023
Game Time: 8:40 PM ET
Location: Denver, Colorado
Stadium: Coors Field
TV Channel: MLB.tv
Live Stream: Fubo (Watch for free)
Watch the MLB on Fubo!
Dodgers vs. Rockies odds & betting lines
Favorite: Dodgers (-211, bet $211 to win $100)
Underdog: Rockies (+175, bet $100 to win $175)
Over/under: 12.5

MLB odds courtesy of BetMGM Sportsbook. Odds updated Wednesday at 3:09 PM ET. For a full list of sports betting odds, access USA TODAY Sports Betting Scores Odds Hub.

Gannett may earn revenue from sports betting operators for audience referrals to betting services. Sports betting operators have no influence over nor are any such revenues in any way dependent on or linked to the newsrooms or news coverage. Terms apply, see operator site for Terms and Conditions. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available. Call the National Council on Problem Gambling 24/7 at 1-800-GAMBLER (NJ, OH), 1-800-522-4700 (CO), 1-800-BETS-OFF (IA), 1-800-9-WITH-IT (IN). Must be 21 or older to gamble. Sports betting and gambling are not legal in all locations. Be sure to comply with laws applicable where you reside.

We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. FTW operates independently, though, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.

Share this article
 share   tweet   email  
Like this article?

Sign up for our newsletter to get updates to your inbox, and also receive offers from us, our affiliates and partners. By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy

Email
Sign up
More DS Betting
Follow FTW!
Sign up for our newsletter to get updates to your inbox, and also receive offers from us, our affiliates and partners. By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy

Email
Sign up
See FTW stories in your feed
on Facebook
on Twitter
Hear FTW writers out loud
on Spotify
on iTunes

© Copyright For The Win 2025

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Manage Push Notifications
Contact For The Win

Powered by WordPress.com VIP

About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ftw.usatoday.com/article/los-angeles-dodgers-vs-colorado-rockies-live-stream-tv-channel-start-time-odds-september-27 
 ----- 
