MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
From Paul Skenes to Brice Matthews: Reviewing the pro debuts of the 2023 MLB Draft first-round picks
By Melissa Lockard
Sep 27, 2023

30

Not long after the Pittsburgh Pirates took Paul Skenes with the first pick in the 2023 MLB Draft, their player development departments got to work. They pored over film and data to see what — if anything — they could offer to help arguably the most highly regarded collegiate pitcher in more than a decade.

After his introduction to the Pirates faithful at PNC Park, Skenes flew down to Bradenton, Fla., to the team’s minor-league complex. There he met with Pirates farm director John Baker and minor-league pitching coordinator Josh Hopper. They had prepared a list of things they wanted Skenes to work on. But before they presented him with the list, they asked what he thought he needed to improve. He quickly rattled off the exact items on the list the Pirates had prepared.

“I kind of went, well, we don’t have anything for you,” Baker said with a laugh.

The Pirates’ suggestions had been relatively minor — throwing his two-seam fastball more, upping his changeup usage, adding a slider that was a little tighter than his sweeper — but Skenes was already acutely aware of what he needed to do to improve, despite leading LSU to a College World Series title and striking out a mind-boggling 209 batters while posting a 1.69 ERA in 122 2/3 collegiate innings.

“You have this just incredibly self-aware player who, no matter how well he’s done, really thinks he has a lot of areas where he can improve,” Baker said. “This is the most self-aware 21-year-old baseball player I’ve been around.”

Given his collegiate workload — Skenes threw 37 more innings in 2023 than he did in 2022 and all of his innings at the end of the season were high-stress outings — the Pirates wanted to be careful with how much he threw in his pro debut. But they also wanted to give him a taste of what pro ball was like before sending him out for a full season next year. Skenes threw one inning at the complex in Bradenton, then made two outings for the Pirates’ Low-A Bradenton club — totaling four scoreless innings — before jumping to Double-A Altoona.

Skenes’ arrival in Altoona, located roughly two hours from Pittsburgh, was met with tremendous fanfare, as the Curve drew the biggest crowd in the 25-year history of their stadium. Skenes struggled in that outing, missing just enough off the plate to issue two walks and giving up a couple of hits. He was pulled after two-thirds of an inning, having allowed four runs. Baker believes facing a bit of adversity was a useful learning experience for Skenes, who six days later threw two scoreless innings in what would be his last appearance of the season.

“It’s like you got to lose the first round of a fight and then go back out there for round two and absolutely dominate,” Baker said. “I’ve noticed a lot of success with players when they get to do that.”

Baker said Skenes was never fazed by the attention he received as a highly touted prospect. Both he and fellow Pirate Henry Davis — the 2021 No. 1 pick — share a “laser focus about what they’re trying to accomplish,” Baker said. Skenes will head home to Southern California for the offseason but will have frequent check-ins with the Pirates’ staff and flights back to Florida. He and Davis have already inquired about when they can start working in the Bradenton facilities.

“Both of them are the kind of people that the only thing you worry about with their work is that they may be doing too much,” Baker said.

Skenes was at the top of what many in baseball believe was the most talented first round in many years. So how did the other 27 first-round picks fare in their pro debut seasons?

(Note: We limited the scope of this piece to the 28 first-round picks and did not include the comp and supplemental rounds. Sorry Mets and Dodgers.)

Pick 2: Dylan Crews, OF, Washington Nationals

Stats: 35 G, 159 PA, .292/.377/.467, 5 HR, 38:14 K:BB (Rk, Low A, Double A)

Skenes’ college teammate at LSU easily could have gone first overall. Coming into the draft, he was considered one of the most polished collegiate hitters in recent years. Crews lived up to that hype early, cruising through the Low-A Carolina League with a 1.068 OPS and five homers in 14 games. He struggled after a jump to Double A, hitting only .210 with a .318 OBP in 20 games. Crews had a particularly long collegiate season in helping the Tigers win the title, which likely left him gassed by late August. His contact rate actually improved in Double A but his BABIP dropped off. In other words, his Double-A line was probably a bit unlucky. He should be fine next season when he likely returns to Double A.

Pick 3: Max Clark, OF, Detroit Tigers

Stats: 23 G, 107 PA, .224/.383/.376, 2 HR, 25:21 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

Clark may have been the most famous player in this year’s class thanks to a charismatic personality that he displays on social media. He was also arguably the top high school talent. The 18-year-old got off to a good start in Rookie ball, posting a .954 OPS in 12 games. He struggled in an 11-game stint in Low A, though his time in Low A wasn’t all bad. He hit only .154, but he had a .353 OBP thanks to 12 walks and his walk rate overall was an impressive 19.6 percent. He also showed his plus speed and a good glove in center field.

Pick 4: Wyatt Langford, OF, Texas Rangers

Stats: 44 G, 200 PA, .360/.480/.677, 10 HR, 34:36 K:BB (Rk, High A, Double A, Triple A)

Langford has unquestionably had the best debut of any first-round pick, and his introduction to pro ball may be the most impressive the game has seen in more than a decade. The University of Florida star has already reached Triple A and might even be looking at a major-league call-up if his big-league club wasn’t pushing for a playoff spot. He’s hit for power and average at all four levels he played, while showing outstanding plate discipline and good speed (12 stolen bases in 15 chances). Langford has hit the ball hard and hit it in the air consistently. The Rangers’ lineup features several stars but Langford could be their best power hitter in a year’s time.

Pick 5: Walker Jenkins, OF, Minnesota Twins

Stats: 26 G, 115 PA, .362/.417/.571, 3 HR, 14:9 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

Jenkins was the other challenger for top high school talent, and the North Carolina native quickly showed why with an impressive debut. He posted a .927 OPS in 14 Rookie league games before performing even better in 12 Low-A games (1.054 OPS). He struck out just 14 times. If there was one area to pick at, it was that a lot of Jenkins’ contact came on the ground. Still, his career is off to a great start.

GO DEEPER

Twins midseason top 20 prospects: Walker Jenkins arrives, Royce Lewis departs

Pick 6: Jacob Wilson, SS, Oakland A’s

Stats: 26 G, 111 PA, .333/.391/.475, 1 HR, 11:6 K:BB (Rk, High A)

Wilson came into the draft as the class’ top contact hitter (five strikeouts in 192 at-bats as a junior at Grand Canyon) but with questions about the quality of his contact. He spent most of his pro debut in High A, where he continued to show those impressive contact skills with some gap power (nine doubles) but not yet a lot of over-the-fence power. He also showed plus range and good arm strength defensively at shortstop. He’s a strong candidate to start next season in Double A.

“Jacob’s nimbleness, elasticity and body control stand out,” A’s assistant general manager Billy Owens said of Wilson’s defense. “He makes the routine play mundane and the exceptional common.”

Pick 7: Rhett Lowder, RHP, Cincinnati Reds

Stats: DNP

After an outstanding collegiate season that extended into the College World Series, Lowder got a chance to catch his breath after signing with the Reds. He spent time with the High-A Dayton Dragons, where he was able to learn the routines of pro ball and work with the coaching staff, but remained on that team’s development list and didn’t pitch in any official games.

Pick 8: Blake Mitchell, C, Kansas City Royals

Stats: 13 G, 52 PA, .147/.423/.176, 0 HR, 14:17 K:BB (Rk)

The left-handed hitting catcher out of a Texas high school never got the bat going in a short stint in Rookie ball, though he did show impressive plate discipline. He hit plenty of balls in the air but didn’t get enough carry in the punishing Arizona desert heat. He also showed good defensive skills behind the plate. There isn’t much to worry about yet with Mitchell, though given the performance of some of the players selected after him, Royals fans may be grumbling about the pick right now.

Pick 9: Chase Dollander, RHP, Colorado Rockies

Stats: DNP

Dollander had a heavy workload during his junior season at Tennessee and saw his numbers take a step back over his sophomore campaign. Rather than rush him out to pitch in a game setting, the Rockies took it slow with Dollander, working with him on the back fields on getting back to the mechanics that made him so successful in 2022.

Pick 10: Noble Meyer, RHP, Miami Marlins

Stats: 5 G, 11 IP, 4.09 ERA, 15:7 K:BB, 0 HRA (Rk, Low A)

In addition to the 11 innings he threw during the regular season, Meyer tossed 5 2/3 innings of shutout, one-hit baseball in the postseason for the Low-A Jupiter Hammerheads. The 18-year-old right-hander out of Portland, Ore., ran his fastball up near 100 mph and showed an impressive slider in his debut year. The Marlins are oozing with young pitching talent and Meyer looks like another special arm for them.

	Nolan Schanuel is already making his presence felt in the major leagues. (Kyle Ross / USA Today)
Pick 11: Nolan Schanuel, 1B, Los Angeles Angels

Stats (MiLB): 22 G, 97 PA, .365/.505/.486, 1 HR (Rk, Low A, Double A)

Stats (MLB): 27 G, 102 AB, .284/.407/.343, 1 HR, 18:18 K:BB

Schanuel will forever be the answer to the trivia question — which player from the 2023 MLB Draft was the first to reach the major leagues? The Florida Atlantic alum needed less than a month in the minors before making his big-league debut. Tabbed the player with the best plate discipline in this year’s class, Schanuel has lived up to that billing in both the minors and majors, where through Monday he’d yet to appear in a game without reaching base. He hasn’t shown the power one would expect from a first baseman, however, but the consistency with which he’s been able to get on base only months removed from college is remarkable. He’s also held his own defensively.

Pick 12: Tommy Troy, SS, Arizona Diamondbacks

Stats: 27 G, 115 PA, .271/.374/.469, 4 HR, 28:16 K:BB (Rk, High A)

The Stanford alum’s overall stat line was helped by a torrid four games in Rookie ball, where he had five hits in 11 at-bats. Still, his .247/.343/.447 line in 23 games in the High-A Northwest League was a solid showing in a league not known for being hitter friendly. Troy’s power was particularly impressive in that environment, as he picked up nine extra-base hits (including all four of his homers) in 99 plate appearances. He did a good job getting on base, though he did swing-and-miss a fair amount. Troy also swiped nine bags in nine chances, a particularly impressive stat because he was playing with a fracture in his left foot that he suffered in March. Troy had surgery on the foot after the season and is expected to be ready for spring training.

Pick 13: Matt Shaw, SS/2B, Chicago Cubs

Stats: 38 G, 170 PA, .357/.400/.618, 8 HR, 25:9 K:BB (Rk, High A, Double A)

Shaw’s stock rose throughout his junior season at Maryland and he continued that progress as a pro, putting together one of the most impressive debuts in this class. He killed the ball in the pitcher-friendly Midwest League, hitting .393 with a 1.082 OPS in 20 games in South Bend before finishing the season in Double A, where he posted an .852 OPS. Shaw also stole 15 bases in 18 chances and played well defensively up the middle. He could arrive in Chicago very quickly.

GO DEEPER

Cubs draft pick Matt Shaw has a plan to get to Wrigley Field as soon as possible

Pick 14: Kyle Teel, C, Boston Red Sox

Stats: 26 G, 114 PA, .363/.482/.495, 2 HR, 22:21 K:BB (Rk, High A, Double A)

Teel was attached to a number of teams with top-10 selections before the draft, so it was surprising to still see him on the board at 14, where the Red Sox took him. He may make several of those top-10 selecting teams regret their decisions. The left-handed hitting catcher out of Virginia had an impressive debut, rising all the way to Double A and showing advanced skills on both sides of the ball at all three levels he played at. As a hitter, he controlled the strike zone well, got the ball in the air pretty consistently, and hit it hard. Behind the plate, he had no trouble working with advanced pitchers in High A and Double A and threw out 29 percent of would-be base-stealers.

GO DEEPER

Red Sox August all-minors team: Marcelo Mayer shut down as Kyle Teel arrives with a bang

Pick 15: Jacob Gonzalez, SS, Chicago White Sox

Stats: 34 G, 153 PA, .211/.333/.260, 1 HR, 25:23 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

The results weren’t great for the player with arguably the prettiest swing in this class, though some of Gonzalez’s struggles could be chalked up to bad luck. He had a very low BABIP (.245), though it is concerning that so much of his contact came on the ground, surprising given he hit for power at Ole Miss. Gonzalez did show the ability to work a walk. He spent all his time defensively at shortstop but could play some at third base next season, as well.

Pick 16: Bryce Eldridge, TWP, San Francisco Giants

Stats: 31 G, 130 PA, .294/.400/.505, 6 HR, 34:20 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

Announced as a two-way player, Eldridge focused on only the position player side of his game in his pro debut, though there are plans to add the pitching back in this spring. The 6-foot-7 right-handed throwing, left-handed-hitting slugger out of a Washington, D.C., area high school had an impressive debut at the plate, displaying good plate discipline as well as power. He also showed off his athleticism, playing all of his games in the field in right after spending his high school career at first base.

GO DEEPER

Giants' two-way first-round picks Bryce Eldridge and Reggie Crawford on different paths

Pick 17: Enrique Bradfield Jr., OF, Baltimore Orioles

Stats: 25 G, 110 PA, .291/.473/.329, 25 SB, 16:26 K:BB (Rk, Low A, High A)

Bradfield spent three years at Vanderbilt getting on base at an above-average clip and then taking every extra base he could while also playing elite defense. Bradfield didn’t hit the ball all that hard with Vanderbilt, but he didn’t really need to to have an impact on the game. He was pretty much exactly that same player in his pro debut, which was spent mostly at Low A. Hitting nearly every ball on the ground, Bradfield still managed a .354 BABIP. He had a ridiculous 1:1 ratio of games played and stolen bases and he scored nearly a run a game (22). He had only three extra-base hits. But Baltimore has plenty of power at the major-league level, so Bradfield won’t need to bring that with him to add value to the Orioles’ roster. If he can continue to get on base and create havoc on the base paths while playing elite center field defense, he’ll be a nice complimentary piece in the talented Orioles’ lineup puzzle in a year or two.

Pick 18: Brock Wilken, 3B, Milwaukee Brewers

Stats: 47 G, 203 PA, .285/.414/.473, 5 HR, 47:33 K:BB (Rk, High A, Double A)

Wilken hit 31 home runs as a junior at Wake Forest, and the third baseman continued to show a power bat in his pro debut, which ended in Double A but was mostly played at the High-A level. Wilken is a classic middle-of-the-order bat — he sees a lot of pitches, works a good number of walks and also strikes out a lot. When he makes contact, he hits the ball very hard and the vast majority of that contact is in the air. There were questions about Wilken’s defense at third base in college but he looked more agile there than maybe was expected in his debut.

Pick 19: Brayden Taylor, SS, Tampa Bay Rays

Stats: 25 G, 108 PA, .242/.361/.516, 5 HR, 34:17 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

Like Wilken, Taylor put up impressive power numbers as an infielder at a Power 5 conference school. The TCU alum hit 23 homers in 2023, while also walking 54 times in 67 games. Taylor hit for power in his pro debut, though he wasn’t able to get on base with quite the same efficiency as he did in college, and he struck out in roughly 30 percent of his plate appearances. He had a solid performance in the Carolina League playoffs, adding three extra-base hits and four walks in five games. Taylor is an excellent athlete who runs the bases extremely well. He went 39-for-40 in stolen base attempts in college and was a perfect 12-for-12 in his pro debut (including the postseason). He’ll need to cut down on his swing-and-miss, but it was a solid debut for Taylor otherwise.

	Arjun Nimmala at the Perfect Game All-American Classic last summer. (Mark J. Rebilas / USA Today)
Pick 20: Arjun Nimmala, SS, Toronto Blue Jays

Stats: 9 G, 40 PA, .200/.500/.320, 8:14 K:BB (Rk)

The 18-year-old shortstop out of a Florida high school is the first player of Indian descent to be selected in the first round of the MLB Draft. Nimmala didn’t get a ton of in-game experience in his pro debut season, as the majority of the work he did after signing with the Blue Jays was on the backfields. But the games he did play in showed his advanced approach, as he walked in 35 percent of his plate appearances.

GO DEEPER

MLB Draft spotlight: Arjun Nimmala, a powerful hitter in a wiry frame

Pick 21: Chase Davis, OF, St. Louis Cardinals

Stats: 34 G, 131 PA, .212/.366/.269, 0 HR, 34:25 K:BB (Low A)

Davis was a power/on-base machine at Arizona but he struggled to do more than work a walk in his pro debut in the notoriously pitcher-friendly Florida State League. All six of Davis’ extra-base hits were doubles and he had a 26 percent strikeout rate. He did walk an impressive 19 percent of the time, but may have been trying to lift the ball too much, as he hit a lot of popups and wasn’t able to drive the ball well in the air. He’ll look for a rebound next season.

GO DEEPER

Cardinals nearly took Chase Davis in 2020, now he's their first-round pick

Pick 22: Colt Emerson, SS, Seattle Mariners

Stats: 24 G, 114 PA, .374/.496/.549, 2 HR, 20:17 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

For a second straight year, the Mariners used their top pick on a high school shortstop. They’ve liked what they’ve seen from 2022 pick Cole Young, and Emerson’s debut leaves plenty of room for optimism, as well. The Ohio native hit a scorching .536 in eight Rookie league games before jumping to Low A, where he hit .302 with a .436 OBP while playing against older competition. Emerson had a .464 BABIP — which may have been a little lucky given how many groundballs he hit in Low A — but he hit the ball hard and showed an advanced approach for an 18-year-old. Nothing not to like about that.

Pick 23: Ralphy Velazquez, C/1B, Cleveland Guardians

Stats: 6 G, 28 PA, .348/.393/.739, 2 HR, 5:3 K:BB (Rk)

High school catchers are a notoriously risky draft demographic, but scouts pegged Velazquez as one of the top high school bats in this draft regardless of position. Whether he remains at catcher will be determined later, but it’s thought that he’ll hit enough for any position. Velazquez got only a taste of in-game action in his pro debut, but in limited appearances he showed why scouts were so high on him. Already 6-foot-3, 215 pounds at age 18, Velazquez had five extra-base hits in six games in Rookie ball. He DH’d in four of them and had one game at first and the other behind the plate.

Pick 24: Hurston Waldrep, RHP, Atlanta Braves

Stats: 8 G, 29 1/3 IP, 1.53 ERA, 41:16 K:BB, 1 HRA (Low A, High A, Double A, Triple A)

It probably isn’t fair that the organization with arguably the deepest major-league roster was able to get one of the top college arms with the 24th pick in the draft. But it was the way this draft broke down, as the depth on the position player side was so significant that there wasn’t the run on collegiate pitching in the middle of the first round that you so often see in the draft. Waldrep had an up-and-down junior season at Florida, but his splitter was one of the best in college baseball and his fastball sat in the mid- to upper-90s. Those who believed Waldrep would find more success in the pros pointed to the fact that the splitter was underutilized at Florida.

In his pro debut, Waldrep dazzled at four full-season levels, allowing just 19 hits and striking out 41 in 29 1/3 innings and using all of his pitches effectively. He reached the upper levels, where his command took a bit of a step back (10 walks in 14 1/3 innings), but he has otherwise been untouchable even at those advanced levels. There were some who wondered if the Braves would call up Waldrep to be on the postseason roster. With his promotion to Triple A on Saturday, that’s still a possibility. Even if it doesn’t happen, it wouldn’t be surprising to see him debut in Atlanta early next season.

Pick 25: Dillon Head, OF, San Diego Padres

Stats: 27 G, 124 PA, .267/.363/.400, 1 HR, 19:15 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

A Chicago-area high school standout, Head came to pro ball as one of the fastest high school players in the draft. He split his pro debut almost evenly between Rookie ball and the Low-A California League. Head’s plate discipline was too advanced for Rookie ball pitching, as he walked 11 times in 14 games. He was challenged a bit more in that area in full-season ball, where he had only four walks and struck out 10 times in 13 games. He showed his elite speed by picking up three triples but also displayed some rawness on the bases, as he was caught stealing in three of his seven attempts. Head profiles as a top-of-the-order bat with a good glove in center field. He’s likely to return to the California League next season.

GO DEEPER

Padres draft Dillon Head, add to what they feel is an underrated (and marketable) system

Pick 26: George Lombard Jr., SS, New York Yankees

Stats: 13 G, 58 PA, .311/.466/.356, 0 HR, 12:13 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

The son of longtime MLB player and coach George Lombard Sr., the younger Lombard was one of the top high school shortstops in this year’s class. He had an impressive pro debut, walking more than he struck out and holding his own in a nine-game stint in the pitcher-friendly Florida State League. It was a small sample, but Lombard’s feel for the game and advanced approach were on display. He also benefited from a little luck on balls in play with a .424 BABIP. Lombard has a high baseball IQ and seems well-equipped to handle the pressure that comes with being a Yankees first-round pick.

GO DEEPER

Why Yankees are shaking off questions about first-round pick’s future

Pick 27: Aidan Miller, SS, Philadelphia Phillies

Stats: 20 G, 80 PA, .303/.425/.379, 0 HR, 15:12 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

Miller won’t have a homer in his official regular-season pro debut stat line, but he did go deep in the Florida State League playoffs. He was red-hot in those six games, hitting .348 with a .925 OPS. That’s a good thing to keep in mind when looking at his .216 BA in the 10 regular-season games that he played in the FSL that had some people in Phillies country worried about their top pick. Miller was one of the older high school players in the draft at 19, but he was still facing mostly older competition in Low A.

Pick 28: Brice Matthews, SS, Houston Astros

Stats: 35 G, 156 PA, .208/.365/.352, 4 HR, 41:25 K:BB (Rk, Low A)

A native of Humble, Texas, Matthews played his college ball at Nebraska, where he hit 20 homers and stole 20 bases during his junior season. He showed off his power and speed tools in his pro debut, collecting 10 extra-base hits in 120 Low-A at-bats and swiping 16 bases in 19 chances. He saw a lot of pitches, walking at a 16 percent rate, but he also struck out 40 times. His contact rate will need to improve next season, but his raw tools and willingness to work the count were positives.

GO DEEPER

'It’s crazy’: Astros bring local kid Brice Matthews home with No. 28 overall pick

(Top photo of Paul Skenes in Bradenton: Mike Janes / Four Seam Images via Associated Press)

Melissa Lockard is a senior editor and writer for The Athletic. She edits MLB content and focuses her writing on MLB prospects and draft coverage. Before joining The Athletic, she covered baseball for a variety of outlets, including Scout.com, 2080baseball.com and FoxSports. She is the founder of OaklandClubhouse.com. Follow Melissa on Twitter @melissalockard

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4890724/2023/09/27/2023-mlb-first-round-pro-debut-skenes-crews/ 
 ----- 
