Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Los Angeles Dodgers
Julio Urias disappears from the Dodgers' mural and is replaced by Austin Barnes and Will Smith

Fewer and fewer traces of the Mexican's presence in the Dodgers remain

ADAPTED BY SAM
27/09/2023 - 04:48 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Julio Urias receives another career-threatening setback from Mexico
MLB. Angels' Rendon raises eyebrows with 'no habla ingles' response to health question

The accusation of violence against Julio Urias ended not only his professional career, but also his personal life and every day that passes there is less evidence that he had a brilliant career with the Los Angeles Dodgers and that he gave them their last World Series ring. For now, he must answer to the U.S. justice system.

Now, the fans of the team have erased him from a mural in the bowels of Dodger Stadium. The mural, located at the box-level entrance in right field, was covered earlier this month after Urias was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence outside BMO Stadium.

But now the cover has been removed to reveal these images of catchers Austin Barnes and Will Smith in the spot where Urias' once stood.

Fans repudiate the acts committed by Julio Urias

It seems that Urias' time with the Dodgers will be erased for all eternity, since the accusation of violence against his partner has already caused them to erase his name from the locker room, his image from the mural inside the stadium with the Mexican flag and also his statistics from the record books.

"I had to spend a few days adding @will.smith and @austin.barnes5 to the Dodgers 2020 World Series mural," the mural artist, Jonas Never, wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of his updated work.

"Nice to be able to give the catchers some love."

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner...
Marca
What time i...
Marca

Never has painted numerous murals in Los Angeles, including one of the infamous Joe Kelly on the side of Floyd's 99 Barbershop in Silver Lake, less than two miles from Dodger Stadium.

"I also have another mural in progress at the stadium (not on old walls...a new one)," Never wrote on Instagram last week.

Julio Urias - English
MLB - English
Los Angeles Dodgers - English
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias drifts further away from Dodgers and MLB: Alleged victim bloodied after incident
MLBFans are annoyed by this LA Dodgers decision about Julio Urias
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias receives another career-threatening setback from Mexico
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Carson Beck leave s Georgia to take...
Marca
For Canelo Alvarez , Terence Crawfo...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers/2023/09/27/6513fa4922601d3c298b45d1.html 
 ----- 
