Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Dodgers' Triple-A affiliate sweeps to championship
Share
Dodgers' Triple-A affiliate sweeps to championship
September 28th, 2023

Ben Weinrib

@benweinrib
Share

0:00

1:18

The Oklahoma City Dodgers roster has undergone a lot of change throughout the 2023 season. Key players have been promoted to the Majors, and some have returned.

But all of that big-game experience paid off as the Triple-A club swept the best-of-3 Pacific Coast League Championship Series against the Round Rock Express with a 5-2 win on Wednesday at Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark. In doing so, the Dodgers secured their first championship since moving to Oklahoma City in 2015.

MLB Pipeline | Top 100 prospects | Prospect video

Top Dodgers prospects who spent significant time in Los Angeles this year played a big role in the title-winning game. Infielder Michael Busch continued to swing the bat well with the decisive three-run homer, and starter Gavin Stone struck out 10 across 6 1/3 innings to earn the win.

"I'm sure it's hard for some guys, once you go up and you pitch in front of 50,000 people, to come back down to Triple-A and have that same type of adrenaline," Oklahoma City manager Travis Barbary said. "But last night, Kyle Hurt, and tonight, Gavin Stone, these guys wanted it. It's just fun to watch."

Outfielder Jonny DeLuca, who had two stints in Los Angeles this season, got the scoring started with a 433-foot two-run homer in the second inning. And after the Express clawed back a run in the fourth, it was no surprise who extended the Dodgers' lead.

Busch has been Oklahoma City's big hitter all season, despite missing time with three brief appearances in the bigs. The second-ranked Dodgers prospect (MLB No. 44) hit .323/.431/.618 and finished fourth in the PCL with 27 homers, including three in his last four regular-season games. That hot bat carried over to the playoffs, where he launched a crucial moonshot in the fifth.

"[Busch] has been awesome. He's so fun to watch play every day," Barbary said. "He comes and prepares as good as anyone I've been around. He's just a steadying influence on this team. His presence in the lineup means so much to everyone on this club. To see him come through there and put us up with a three-run homer, 5-1 at the time, was just huge. So happy for him. He's had an amazing year, not only here but making his debut this year in L.A. It's been a fun year being able to watch him play baseball every day."

Related
MLB, Los Angeles orgs dedicate 'LA Strong' collection to fire relief efforts

3:21 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Dodgers deal Lux to Reds for OF prospect, Draft pick

January 7th, 2025

Oklahoma City felt good with that lead, as Stone was dominating in his first start with the club in nearly three weeks after another stint in the Majors. The fifth-ranked Dodgers prospect (MLB No. 79) escaped a bases-loaded, no-out jam in the first unscathed and skated the rest of the way, notching four of his 10 K's in a row in the first four frames.

Relievers Ricky Vanasco and Wander Suero closed out the win with three strikeouts and one hit allowed over 2 2/3 scoreless.

Dominant pitching has been a theme for the Dodgers in the playoffs -- Oklahoma City held Round Rock to five total runs across both games -- and the season as a whole. They led the circuit with a 4.58 ERA and 1,394 strikeouts in the regular season.

Oklahoma City will have one more chance to show how its Major League experience pays off as the team heads to Las Vegas for the Triple-A National Championship Game on Saturday against the winner of the International League. But for now, the team is reveling in an accomplishment not achieved by an Oklahoma City team since 1996.

"They're extremely excited," Barbary said. "The guys are popping champagne and celebrating. It's a pretty big deal to win this league. After 150 games, winning these first two games of the playoffs are a special moment for all of these guys. Super excited. I'm glad to be a part of it."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

Ben Weinrib is a contributor to MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dodgers-triple-a-affiliate-sweeps-to-championship 
 ----- 
