Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Diego Pavia's shameful video leak: NMSU quarterback caught urinating on rival university field

The video showed Pavia, accompanied by other people who are not shown, urination on UNM's practice field

Diego Pavia is getting backlash after a video showed him peeing on UNM's practice fieldX / LAPRESSE
LW
26/09/2023 - 21:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Haley Van Voorhis is the first non-kicking female to play in an NCAA football game
NCAA. Shilo and Shedeur Sanders spotted mocking Oregon Ducks in pre-game footage

College football rivalries have long been known to ignite passions and tensions, but the rivalry between New Mexico State University (NMSU) and the University of New Mexico (UNM) just took an unusual and unsavory turn.

Diego Pavia, the Aggie quarterback, is at the center of controversy after an alleged video emerged of him urinating on the Lobo practice field.

The video was first reported by Albuquerque NBC affiliate KOB 4.

In the footage, a voice can be heard cheering him on, exclaiming, "Yeah, 10!" - seemingly referring to Pavia, who wears the number 10 jersey.

Stunt preceded UNM vs NMSU game

This incident occurred shortly before the Aggies and the Lobos clashed in their intense rivalry game earlier this month, a game that ended with Pavia leading the Aggies to a 27-17 victory .

Both universities have launched investigations into the matter, as this act has stirred up quite a storm among students and fans alike.

Pavia, who hails from Albuquerque, is currently in his second season with NMSU.

Despite the controversy surrounding him, Pavia continued to play for the Aggies in their recent game against Hawaii, where they faced a 20-17 loss. Pavia delivered a commendable performance with 155 passing yards, two touchdowns, and 97 rushing yards.

The NMSU football team, which currently holds a 2-3 season record, is on a bye this week and will return to action on October 4th when they host FIU.

Outrage in Albuquerque after Pavia's antics

The video of Pavia's actions has sparked outrage in Albuquerque, where both universities have a strong presence.

Channel KOB4 spoke to students and locals who expressed their displeasure at Pavia's actions, with some labeling it as "disgusting" and "childish."

Dylan Chavez, a UNM architecture student, remarked, "You're supposed to represent the school that you're playing for, you're a Division I athlete, you're not supposed to be some hooligan out here just disrespecting things."

Tyler Vandenburg, a high school student in Albuquerque, expressed his disapproval, saying, "He's definitely trying to send a message there. He took it a bit too far. A lot too far."

While rivalries are known for their intensity, many believe that Pavia's actions have crossed a line.

Both universities have been informed of the video's existence, with UNM stating, "We are aware of the video and notified NMSU Athletic Administration of its existence on Monday morning."

MORE in MARCA
Ben Affle ck retu...
Marca
Prince Harry'...
Marca

NMSU has refrained from commenting, citing federal privacy laws regarding potential student discipline.

As the investigation unfolds, the college football community watches closely to see how this rivalry saga will evolve.

NCAAF - English
NCAADeion Sanders reveals the text he got from Travis Hunter after blowout loss vs Oregon
NCAAThe Oregon Duck makes things personal by smashing Prime Time piñata clock
NCAAHall of Famer joins Deion Sanders' Colorado Buffaloes coaching staff to mentor defensive linemen
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/27/65138cc0ca4741475e8b45e4.html 
 ----- 
