  
Man United vs. Newcastle: 5 hrs 3 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Como vs. LeccePreview: Villa vs. BrightonPreview: Bologna vs. Hellas VeronaPreview: Ipswich vs. ChelseaToday's previews
Home > Football > Africa Cup of Nations > Nigeria > Features
Africa Cup of Nations
HomeNewsFixturesResultsGroupsPast winners
Africa Cup of Nations | Final
Feb 11, 2024 at 8pm UK
Teslim Balogun Stadium
Nigeria
1 - 2
Ivory Coast
Troost-Ekong (38')
 Yusuf (28'), Nwabali (53'), Aina (90')
FT
(HT: 1-0)
Kessie (62'), Haller (81')
 Aurier (54'), Fofana (87'), N'Dicka (90+7')
Preview
Data Analysis
Lineups
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: How Nigeria and Ivory Coast have fared in previous AFCON finals
By Jonathan O'Shea
Published: February 8 2024 | 20:39
Last updated: February 8 2024 | 21:45

Bringing a drama-packed tournament to its conclusion, Sunday's Africa Cup of Nations final will see two continental giants go toe to toe at Stade Olympique d'Ebimpe.

The Super Eagles edged past South Africa on penalties, while their hosts overcame Congo DR with perhaps the most convincing display of an eventful campaign - now the teams meet for a contest that will see Africa stand still.

Three-time winners in the past, Nigeria only sit behind Egypt (seven), Cameroon (five) and great rivals Ghana (four) in terms of AFCON trophies; meanwhile, Ivory Coast have two Nations Cups to their name.

Here, Sports Mole looks back on both countries' previous participations in the African confederation final.

Nigeria 1980-2000: highs and lows

Some 23 years after the inaugural finals, held in Sudan and won by Egypt, 1980 hosts Nigeria had yet to reach an AFCON decider.

Pressure was therefore weighing heavily on the squad's shoulders ahead of an eight-team event, in which the Super Eagles topped Group A, beating Ivory Coast among others to a place in the semi-finals.

After overcoming Morocco in the final four, Nigeria met another North African nation at Surulere Stadium in Lagos, where they beat Algeria 3-0 to claim Africa's top trophy for the very first time.

In the first edition featuring professional players, Segun Odegbami finished top scorer, marking the pinnacle of a career that also saw the striker claim two AFCON bronze medals and represent his country at the 1980 Olympics.

However, a long period of heartache was to follow, as Nigeria lost to their neighbouring nemesis Cameroon twice in two finals later in the 1980s: first in 1984 - when Ivory Coast played host - then when the tournament made its way to Morocco in 1988.

In 1984, the two African heavyweights met for a first time in the Africa Cup of Nations, at the same stadium where they faced each other again this year: despite taking the lead through Muda Lawal, the Nigerians ultimately suffered a 3-1 defeat.

© Reuters

Four years on, controversy reigned in Casablanca, as Henry Nwosu appeared to have put the Super Eagles in front with a header that beat Cameroon goalkeeper Joseph Antoine-Bell. However, his 'goal' was ruled out by Mauritanian referee Idrissa Sarr and the Indomitable Lions went on to win 1-0.

Such a setback paled in comparison with Nigeria's final failure of 2000, which again saw them pitched against Cameroon - this time on home soil.

The 'away' side swept into a two-goal lead through their potent strike partnership of Samuel Eto'o and Patrick Mboma, but the Nigerians then fought back in front of thousands of expectant fans at Lagos National Stadium: Raphael Chukwu reduced the arrears, before legendary playmaker Jay-Jay Okocha levelled matters.

It went to a penalty shootout, which featured another Nigeria hero, Nwankwo Kanu, missing from the spot; Victor Ikpeba's kick then came crashing off the crossbar. Replays seemed to show the ball had crossed the line, but the officials disagreed and a nation was left bereft.

© Reuters

Between the losses of 1988 and 2000, Nigeria did claim a second African crown when beating Zambia in 1994, when the finals were hosted by Tunisia.

Kicking off a year in which they would experience a memorable World Cup adventure - Clemens Westerhof's squad made the knockout phase in the USA, but Italy proved too tough to conquer in the last 16 - Emmanuel Amunike's brace sealed continental success.

Star striker Rashidi Yekini finished top scorer in a golden period for Nigeria, who would go on to claim gold at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.

Ivory Coast 1992: a big breakthrough

In their maiden final, Ivory Coast came up against Ghana, who were making a seventh appearance in the AFCON decider - with no fewer than four previous triumphs to their name.

After arriving in Senegal, the Ivorians made it past Zambia and Cameroon in the quarter and semi-finals, but a significant obstacle still stood between Les Elephants and the elusive trophy.

Having held the Black Stars to a tense goalless draw, Ivory Coast overcame Ghana 11-10 in a dramatic penalty shootout that was notable as the first international final in which every player took a spot-kick.

During sudden death, Anthony Baffoe finally missed for Ghana, leaving Basile Aka Kouame to etch his name in history and seal victory for the exultant Ivorians.

Nigeria 2013: back from the wilderness

Playing their first final since losing to Cameroon on penalties 13 years earlier, Nigeria finally secured a third AFCON success by beating outsiders Burkina Faso in South Africa.

Coach Stephen Keshi - who had captained the Super Eagles when they previously won the title in 1994 - not only became just the second man to lift the trophy both as a player and a manager but was also the first black African coach to do so since Ivory Coast's Yeo Martial held it aloft in 1992.

Though the Nigerians spurned several other chances, Sunday Mba scored a magnificent goal just before half-time, clipping the ball over a defender and then volleying into the far corner to produce a winner befitting the grand occasion.

Ivory Coast in the 2000s: a giant awakens

© Reuters

Having beaten Nigeria in the semi-finals before losing on penalties to Egypt in 2006 - when the Pharaohs began their reign of AFCON dominance - Ivorian idol Didier Drogba was intent on making up for his costly shootout miss six years later, in Gabon.

Libreville's Stade d'Angondje played host to a 0-0 draw with rank outsiders Zambia, as the 2012 AFCON drew to a dramatic close - and there was to be yet more heartbreak for Ivory Coast's golden generation, who had not conceded a single goal throughout the tournament.

After 12 successive spot kicks were scored, both Kolo Toure and Gervinho failed to convert theirs, so Herve Renard's proud Chipolopolo made history with a first-ever Africa Nations Cup victory.

Three years later, in 2015, Renard was back in the final - this time guiding the Ivorians through an event staged in Equatorial Guinea.

© Reuters

Though Drogba had retired from international football, Toure and his brother Yaya Toure were successful from the spot as Les Elephants beat Ghana on penalties, following another goalless draw.

Goalkeeper Boubacar Barry scored the decisive kick, as Ivory Coast overcame their Ghanaian counterparts for the second time in an AFCON finale and Renard became the first coach to win with two different nations.

The end of a 22-year wait was mostly met with relief in Abidjan and beyond, but after a decade of near misses the Ivorians could finally celebrate.


Written by
Jonathan O'Shea
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free daily transfer newsletter! Sent twice a day during the transfer window.  
Read more about Jay-Jay Okocha Patrick Mboma Samuel Eto'o Nwankwo Kanu Rashidi Yekini Yeo Martial Stephen Keshi Didier Drogba Gervinho Segun Odegbami Henry Nwosu Idrissa Sarr Joseph Antoine-Bell Raphael Chukwu Victor Ikpeba Clemens Westerhof Emmanuel Amunike Anthony Baffoe Basile Aka Kouame Kolo Toure Herve Renard Yaya Toure Boubacar Barry Muda Lawal Sunday Mba Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Top 10 Nigerian footballers of all time
Man City 'at risk of losing young star' to German giants
Pereira makes Wolves transfer demand after another defensive blow
Father vs. son: Family battle to ensue as Milan confirm new boss
Wednesday's Africa Cup of Nations predictions including Ivory Coast vs. Congo DR
Barry: 'I defied critics in shootout'
Barry dedicates AFCON win to former players
Report: Ivory Coast to name new coach
Sport News 24/7 
Premier League
7.45pm
	Aston Villa	vs	Brighton
7.45pm
	Ipswich	vs	Chelsea
8pm
	Man Utd	vs	Newcastle
Serie A
5.30pm
	Como	vs	Lecce
7.45pm
	Bologna	vs	Hellas Verona
Primeira Liga
8.15pm
	Famalicao	vs	Santa Clara
League Two
8pm
	AFC Wimbledon	vs	Gillingham
NIFL Premiership
7.45pm
	Ballymena	vs	Glenavon
7.45pm
	Carrick	vs	Crusaders
7.45pm
	Cliftonville	vs	Dungannon
7.45pm
	Linfield	vs	Larne
7.45pm
	Loughgall	vs	Coleraine
7.45pm
	Portadown	vs	Glentoran
NFL
OT
	Falcons	24-30	Washington
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Group A
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Eq Guinea	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Nigeria	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Ivory Coast	3	1	0	2	3
4	 Guinea-Bissau	3	0	0	3	0
Group B
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Cape Verde	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Egypt	3	0	3	0	3
3	 Ghana	3	0	2	1	2
4	 Mozambique	3	0	2	1	2
Group C
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Senegal	3	3	0	0	9
Q	 Guinea	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Cameroon	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Gambia	3	0	0	3	0
Group D
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Angola	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Burkina Faso	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Mauritania	3	1	0	2	3
4	 Algeria	3	0	2	1	2
Group E
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Mali	3	1	2	0	5
Q	 South Africa	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Namibia	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Tunisia	3	0	2	1	2
Group F
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Morocco	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Congo DR	3	0	3	0	3
3	 Tanzania	3	0	2	1	2
4	 Zambia	3	0	2	1	2
> Africa Cup of Nations 2023 overview
1
Brentford vs. Arsenal - prediction, team news, lineups
2
A crisis in defence? How Brentford could line up against Arsenal
3
Lincoln vs. Rotherham - prediction, team news, lineups
4
Crawley vs. Charlton - prediction, team news, lineups
5
Brentford vs. Arsenal: Head-to-head record and past meetings
6
Monday's Premier League predictions including Man United vs. Newcastle
7
Man United 'set debut target' for teenage prodigy Obi-Martin
8
Burton Albion vs. Peterborough - prediction, team news, lineups
9
Jesus at risk of the axe? Predicted Arsenal XI against Brentford
10
Man City 'at risk of losing young star' to German giants
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/nigeria/africa-cup-of-nations/feature/afcon-2023-how-nigeria-and-ivory-coast-have-fared-in-previous-afcon-finals_536279.html 
 ----- 
