English
Hindi
Menu
Sports
Super 8 T20 World Cup 2024: Full Schedule, Updated Points Table And More
ADVERTISEMENT
Super 8 T20 World Cup 2024: Full Schedule, Updated Points Table And More
India, England and South Africa have secured the semi-final spots in T20 World Cup 2024.
Vishal Marathe
23 Jun 2024, 10:43 PM IST

ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024, Super 8 Stage: The all-important phase of the 2024 T20 World Cup began on Wednesday, and saw South Africa draw the first blood as they beat the USA by 18 runs in Match 1 of the Super 8 phase. In the following matches, England secured a comfortable 8-wicket victory over West Indies followed by India defeating Afghanistan by 47 runs on Thursday. In a couple of matches on Friday, Australia won against Bangladesh by 28 runs (DLS method) and South Africa won against England by 7 runs. In Saturday's Super 8 match, West Indies won against the USA by 9 wickets. Later in the day, India got the better of Bangladesh and won the match by 50 runs. On Sunday, Afghanistan produced a remarkable performance to outshine Australia and win the game by 21 runs whereas England became the first team to qualify for the T20 World Cup semi-final and USA became the first team to be eliminated in the Super 8 stage after the latter came short against the Jos Butler-led side. In Monday's early morning fixture, South Africa beat West Indies by 3 wickets to become the second team from Group 2 to qualify for the semi-finals. With this result, Host WI were also eliminated from the T20 World Cup.

The remaining four teams are still fighting for a place in the semi-finals, scheduled to begin on Thursday, June 27.

Here's all you need to know about the decisive Super 8 stage of the T20 World Cup.

ALSO READ
India vs England T20 World Cup 2024 Semi-Final: Match Date, Time And Where To Watch
Super 8 Format

The T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 format will see eight teams divided into two groups of four teams each. Each team within these groups will play three matches against their opponents in the same group.

Super 8 Groups

The Super 8 stage of the 2024 T20 World Cup is divided into two groups, Group 1 and Group 2.

Super 8 Full Schedule And Match Timings

Here is the full breakdown of all the Super 8 matches of the T20 World Cup 2024.

All timing as per IST

Super 8 Points Table
ALSO READ
How Can Afghanistan, Australia And Bangladesh Qualify For Semi-Final Of The T20 World Cup
ALSO READ
England And South Africa Qualify For Semi-Finals, West Indies Eliminated From Group 2

Points table was updated after the India vs Australia match

The two top teams from each group in the Super 8 stage will qualify for the semi-finals on June 26 and 27 respectively. The final will be held at Barbados on Saturday, June 29.

To avoid matches from being called-off due to weather disruptions, ICC has also scheduled reserve days for both the semi-finals and the final.

Watch LIVE TV, Get Stock Market Updates, Top Business, IPO and Latest News on NDTV Profit.
ADVERTISEMENT
English
हिंदी
Subscribe at ₹7/day
Watch LIVE
Get in Touch
Editorial Feedback
profiteditor@ndtv.com 
Sales
profitsales@ndtv.com 
Subscription Queries
profitsupport@ndtv.com 
For any Complaints
Get In Touch 
NDTV PROFIT
Trending Now
Exclusives
Today's Latest
Business
Markets
Nifty Futures
Economy & Finance
Law & Policy
Videos
Personal Finance
Opinion
Politics
Learning
Technology
Pursuits
Brand Studio
Calculators
Web Stories
STAY UPDATED
Newsletter
Telegram
Podcasts
Whatsapp
The Talking Point
SIGN UP
View All Newsletters
FOLLOW US
Note : All Stock Exchange data is delayed upto 3 mins
DOWNLOAD THE APP
About us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
RSS
2024 © NDTV Profit. All Rights Reserved
NDTV Profit asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ndtvprofit.com/sports/super-8-t20-world-cup-2024-full-schedule-teams-points-table-match-timings-and-more 
 ----- 
