  
Brentford vs. Arsenal: 12 hrs 13 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Plymouth vs. Bristol CityPreview: QPR vs. WatfordPreview: Millwall vs. OxfordPreview: Leeds vs. BlackburnToday's previews
Home > Cricket > T20 World Cup > South Africa > Previews
T20 World Cup
HomeNewsPast winnersIndia win 2024 World Cup
CRICKET
Preview: T20 World Cup: United States vs. South Africa - prediction, team news, series so far
By Devesh Jaganath
Published: June 18 2024 | 00:05
Last updated: June 23 2024 | 09:14

The T20 World Cup 2024 Super Eight stage gets underway on Wednesday afternoon with co-hosts United States taking on South Africa at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.

During the Super Eight stage, the eight qualifying teams are split into two pools of four and will battle in a round-robin format, with the top two sides progressing to the semi-final.

Match preview

© Imago

The United States qualified for the tournament as co-hosts with the West Indies, but they have made full use of their home advantage, creating an incredible first impression in their first-ever major cricket tournament.

They made the perfect start to the competition, beating neighbours Canada before pulling off the upset of the tournament, beating former champions Pakistan in a gripping super over by five runs in game two.

A defeat to India followed in game three before the rain in Florida washed out their final group match against Ireland at Broward County Stadium on Friday, giving them the point needed to edge the Shaheens to the second round.

Additionally, the USA's progression to the Super Eight of this competition also sees them qualify for the ICC Men's T20 World Cup in 2026, which will be hosted in the sub-continent by India and Sri Lanka.

While the side will be brimming with confidence, they will now be playing their first away game of the tournament, and the fact they have never won a game outside of US soil will undoubtedly be playing on their mind.

© Reuters

Meanwhile, South Africa came through the group stage as one of the teams that had to battle the now-infamous Nassau County pitch where they played three games, including a particularly tricky one against Bangladesh.

The Proteas were one of only three teams that played and won all four of their group-stage matches, though their perfect record was in serious jeopardy last week when they just about staved off an almighty upset by Nepal, who came up just one run short to victory in Kingstown.

Still, most from a South African persuasion would likely agree that while the side did maintain an unbeaten record in the group, there is massive room for improvement, particularly in the performances of their top-order, who have largely failed to give the side a proper platform to work with.

The Protea's bowling attack, though, has looked good, with the likes of Kagiso Rabada and Marco Jansen maintaining economical figures, while Anrich Nortje is the second-highest wicket-taker in the competition with nine scalps in 16 overs so far.

South Africa need to make quick adjustments to a better batting surface here in the Caribbean, and if their top order is able to re-find its form, they should be too strong for the US in this one.

Team News

© Reuters

The US were without the services of captain Monank Patel for their match against India due to an injury, but he has reportedly recovered fully and is expected to return to the starting lineup for this match.

Patel will also benefit from having the likes of South African-born players Andries Gous and Shadley van Schalkwyk in his side - both of whom have vast experience in the domestic game in their homeland.

South Africa, on the other hand, will have to be mindful of managing their player's workload if they are to progress in the competition, but could be tempted to go with two spinners for this match, with the pitch in Antigua expected to favour slower bowling.

While the top order has failed to impress so far, the Proteas middle-order, particularly Heinrich Klaasen and David Miller have been rock solid, with the latter currently being the leading run-scorer in this World Cup for the team, and the only one who has registered a half-century.


United States squad: Monank Patel (c), Aaron Jones, Andries Gous, Corey Anderson, Ali Khan, Harmeet Singh, Jessy Singh, Milind Kumar, Nisarg Patel, Nitish Kumar, Noshtush Kenjige, Saurabh Netravalkar, Shadley Van Schalkwyk, Steven Taylor, Shayan Jahangir

South Africa squad: Aiden Markram (c), Ottneil Baartman, Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock, Bjorn Fortuin, Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, David Miller, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Ryan Rickelton, Tabraiz Shamsi, Tristan Stubbs

Series so far

United States

Match One: USA won by 7 wickets
Canada - 194/5 (20)
USA - 197/3 (17.4)

Match Two: USA won the super over by 5 runs
Pakistan - 159/7 & 13/1
USA - 159/3 & 18/1

Match Three: USA lost by 7 wickets
USA - 110/8 (20)
India - 111/3 (18.2)

Match Four: No Result

South Africa

Match One: South Africa won by 6 wickets
Sri Lanka 77 (19.1)
South Africa - 80/4 (16.2)

Match Two: South Africa won by 4 wickets
Netherlands - 103/9 (20)
South Africa - 106/6 (18.5)

Match Three: South Africa won by 4 runs
South Africa - 113/6 (20)
Bangladesh - 109/7 (20)

Match Four: South Africa won by 1 run
South Africa - 115/7 (20)
Nepal - 114/7 (20)

We say: South Africa to win

The US have been a joy to watch in this competition, but they showed against India that they are still some way from being able to go toe-to-toe with the elite cricketing nations in the world. Therefore, while South Africa have not been at their best, we feel they will be too good for the co-hosts in this one.

Written by
Devesh Jaganath
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


Share this article now:

     

Read more about Heinrich Klaasen David Miller Andries Gous Shadley Van Schalkwyk Monank Patel Kagiso Rabada Marco Jansen Anrich Nortje Cricket
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Confirmed squads, fixtures, team previews, tournament format
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
Man United 'set debut target' for teenage prodigy Obi-Martin
'Killed off' - Liverpool issue 'emphatic' response to Real Madrid's first move
'Particular intent' - Liverpool to receive De Jong boost from shock Barca move?
The Howe effect: Man United veteran 'agrees to leave' after Newcastle horror show
Liverpool forward set to leave? Why Reds fans could be seeing the last of winger
"Goals written all over it": Why Arsenal, Brentford will serve up New Year's Day feast
Sport News 24/7 
1
Brentford vs. Arsenal injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
Tormentor to teammate? Delap breaks silence on Chelsea transfer rumours
3
Latest David Alaba update: Real Madrid injury news vs. Valencia
4
"Goals written all over it": Why Arsenal, Brentford will serve up New Year's Day feast
5
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
6
Brentford out to extend New Year's Day unbeaten run against Arsenal
7
Imminent arrival: Bournemouth on verge of signing 'rising MLS talent'
8
Ex-Arsenal chief could hold the key as Athletic 'identify Williams replacement'
9
Rangers vs. Celtic - prediction, team news, lineups
10
'Particular intent' - Liverpool to receive De Jong boost from shock Barca move?
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2025 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/cricket/south-africa/t20-world-cup/preview/preview-t20-world-cup-united-states-vs-south-africa-prediction-team-news-series-so-far_546156.html 
 ----- 
