Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Memphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant flies, sets NBA social media records
Gannett
DAMICHAEL COLE, MEMPHIS COMMERCIAL APPEAL
November 5, 2024 at 3:11 PM

Ja Morant is back to being one of the NBA's biggest highlight machines. He has dazzled crowds with fancy no-look passes and high-flying blocks this season, but nothing tops his two 360-spinning layups from Monday night's loss to the Brooklyn Nets.

The Memphis Grizzlies star, on separate occasions, jumped in the air, spun to his left and finished acrobatically while slithering away from defenders who appeared to be in good position.

Those layups have generated more than 161 million views across NBA social media platforms. The two plays are ranked first and second in the league's most viewed videos this season across NBA social media.

Morant's first spinning layup over Nets center Nic Claxton in the second quarter is already the NBA's most-watched Facebook reel ever with more than 78 million views in less than 24 hours.

What Ja Morant has done

Morant is quickly returning to his status as one of the NBA's biggest box-office draws after injuries and suspensions derailed parts of his past two seasons. He is averaging 20.7 points and 9.7 assists per game in 28.3 minutes.

Damichael Cole is the Memphis Grizzlies beat writer for The Commercial Appeal. Contact Damichael at damichael.cole@commercialappeal.com. Follow Damichael on X, formerly known as Twitter, @DamichaelC.

This article originally appeared on Memphis Commercial Appeal: Grizzlies star Ja Morant sets NBA social media record

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
People
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry open their Montecito, Calif., home to friends evacuate…
Variety
Anita Bryant, Pop Singer, Florida Oranges Pitchwoman and Anti-Gay Rights Crusader, Di…
Finance
CNN Business
Rupert Murdoch’s Fox Corp. must face 2020 election defamation lawsuit, appeals court …
USA TODAY
Ford reveals first special edition of its Mustang GTD supercar, starting at $325,000
Food
Southern Living
Does salt expire?
Simply Recipes
The easy Ina Garten side dish I can’t stop making
Lighter Side
Associated Press
AP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean
NY Post
Gen Z is ditching booze for sober-centric hubs in NYC: ‘Shocked people are in here ha…
News
Associated Press
New LA-area fire prompts more evacuations while over 10,000 structures lost to the 2 …
Associated Press
Earth records hottest year ever in 2024 and the jump was so big it breached a key thr…
Weather
AccuWeather
Northeast braces for more snow, slippery roads and travel trouble
AccuWeather
Major winter storm to bring dangerous ice and snow from Texas to Georgia, Carolinas

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/memphis-grizzlies-star-ja-morants-205856894.html 
 ----- 
