Skip to main content
Silver Screen and Roll homepage
a Los Angeles Lakers community
Follow Silver Screen and Roll online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Silver Screen and Roll main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

LAKERS NEWS
Gabe Vincent made sure JJ Redick got the game ball after first win as head coach

After JJ Redick earned his first win as an NBA head coach, Gabe Vincent made sure he got the game ball in the locker room afterwards.

By Jacob Rude@JacobRude  Oct 11, 2024, 5:36pm PDT  4 Comments / 4 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

Even if it was just the preseason, JJ Redick earned his first win as an NBA head coach on Thursday against the Bucks. It came in improbable fashion with a memorable fourth-quarter comeback led by Quincy Olivari.

It also won’t officially go down as a victory considering it was a preseason game, but it was a victory nonetheless at the end of the day. And the Lakers wanted to make sure it was properly recognized as such.

In the locker room after the game, Gabe Vincent made sure his head coach got the game ball after his first win.

“We definitely acknowledged it,” Vincent said. “His initial reaction was like, ‘It’s just the preseason,’ but we’re trying to acknowledge the win nonetheless. It is the first win. I snagged the game ball for him, tossed it to him, so hopefully he takes that home with him and we carry that over to next game.”

The Lakers certainly seem to have great chemistry this season. It was certainly evident just from watching the team in the fourth quarter as the team was completing its comeback. The entire starting five and regular rotation were up and celebrating the big baskets late.

As much as the team has talked about chemistry and how that’ll help them on the court, it’s also has an impact off the court as well. A good chunk of this team has been around one another for going on three years now.

The camaraderie is there and that’s a big bonus, too. Liking the people you work with makes it a lot more enjoyable to go to work. This team seems to genuinely like one another and Redick has integrated well with the group, too.

Winning the games that matter will be the challenge coming soon, though. Because if you’re losing games, the fun times aren’t going to last.

You can follow Jacob on Twitter at @JacobRude.

MORE FROM SILVER SCREEN AND ROLL
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs game as wildfires continue in Los Angeles
JJ Redick says Lakers want to play against Spurs on Saturday
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on ‘devastation’ from Palisades wildfire
Everything you need to know for the Sparks ahead of WNBA free agency
Rotation Trust Level: Another starting lineup change?
The Lakers have shifted to more small ball, but is that the solution?
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Silver Screen & Roll Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Los Angeles Lakers news from Silver Screen & Roll
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.silverscreenandroll.com/2024/10/11/24268273/gabe-vincent-jj-redick-lakers-bucks-preseason-win-game-ball 
 ----- 
