Skip to main content
Home
Bangladesh
Business & Economy
World
Sports
Editorial
Entertainment
Video
Other
Epaper
Home
Cricket
Rishad proves utility as T20 cricketer
Rishad proves utility as T20 cricketer
Shams Rahman  09 March, 2024, 22:27
 Share Tweet
Print
Bangladesh batter Rishad Hossain plays a shot during their third and final Twenty20 international match against Sri Lanka at the Sylhet International Cricket stadium in Sylhet on Sunday. – AFP photo

Rishad Hossain displayed both his ability and utility as a Twenty20 cricketer in Bangladesh’s third and final T20I against Sri Lanka in Sylhet on Saturday as the leg-spinning all-rounder picked up two wickets and notched up a fifty.

With the ball in hand, he dismissed Kamindu Mendis and Angelo Mathews, and after he came out to bat when Bangladesh were reeling at 32-6, he scored 53 runs off 30 balls, his first international fifty.

En route to his fifty, he hit seven sixes, including three in the same over against Maheesh Theekshana, setting up the record for most sixes by a Bangladesh batter in an innings, breaking Jaker Ali Anik’s record of six in an innings. His seven sixes were also the most by a batter batting at eight or lower in a T20I between two Test playing nations.

Rishad’s six-hitting ability is nothing new as he had shown it here and there but this was the first time he did it over a long period, and thus setting up a place in the team for himself for the foreseeable future.

Bangladesh have been searching for a leg-spinner for some time now, and Rishad’s inclusion was to meet that search, despite his bowling abilities being questionable at times, to the extent that a selector even said that he was picked because he was the only leggie available.

However, he has improved his bowling noticeably, extracting genuine turn on batting-friendly Sylhet pitches, and he bowled with intelligence as he varied his lines and lengths to keep the batters guessing and picking up wickets.

‘He bowled really well considering the conditions. We needed his batting because we are playing with six specialist batters. The way he batted, this will be very good for our team in the future,’ Bangladesh skipper Nazmul Hossain Shanto said on Rishad following the game on Saturday.

While Bangladesh are betting on Rishad with the T20 World Cup later this year in mind, the situation is different for him when it comes to domestic cricket.

For example, in the 2024 Bangladesh Premier League, he got to play just four games for Comilla Victorians, where he picked up six wickets. Considering the fact that Comilla played 14 games in the tournament, four were too little for a young player whose game is still in development.

Probably with his all-round display on Saturday, the situation will change for the 21-year-old, and Bangladesh will hope so because they need a potent leg-spinner, and if he comes with the utility of hitting big consistently, that would solve several of their problems in one go.

Tags Bangladesh Twenty20
Read More
- Advertisement -
Recent News
Three additional IGPs sent on forced retirement
Ex-minister Quamrul placed on four-day remand
Dhaka’s ties with Delhi won’t get stuck on single issue, foreign adviser says
Bangladesh interim govt appoints four prosecutors to ICT
Final list of mass uprising martyrs, injured released

Editor: Nurul Kabir, Published by the Chairman, Editorial Board ASM Shahidullah Khan on behalf of Media New Age Ltd.

 Hamid Plaza (4th floor), 300/5/A/1, Bir Uttam CR Datta Road, Hatirpool, Dhaka-1205
PABX: +8802-9632245-48, Fax: +8802-9632250

 newage.editorial@gmail.com

ABOUT
CONTACT
ARCHIVE
DISCLAIMER & PRIVACY POLICY
ADVERTISEMENT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
SITEMAP
   
About
Contact
Terms & Condition
Privacy
Copyright © New Age - Media New Age Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserve.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newagebd.net/article/227476/rishad-proves-utility-as-t20-cricketer 
 ----- 
