Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Trail Blazers Rookie Dominates in Win Over Timberwolves
Portland rookie Donovan Clingan saw his best professional game on Wednesday night.
Derek Parker | Nov 14, 2024
Nov 13, 2024; Portland, Oregon, USA; Portland Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan (23) warms up before the game against the Minnesota Timberwolves at Moda Center. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-Imagn Images / Soobum Im-Imagn Images
In this story:
Portland Trail Blazers
Minnesota Timberwolves

In just his second career start, Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan saw the best performance of his young career on Wednesday.

In over 30 minutes, Clingan scored 17 points on 6-for-10 shooting, adding an elite 12 rebounds with one assist and a ferocious eight blocks. He finished as a +13 in the much narrower contest.

The performance was obviously pivotal to the Trail Blazers win in taking down a better opponent in Anthony Edwards and the Minnesota Timberwolves.

Drafted at No. 7 overall, Clingan has been long thought of as a day-one NBA contributor, helping the UConn Huskies to back-to-back national titles with stingy rim protection, dominant interior scoring and a dash of big man play-making.

But it’s been no secret he hasn’t gotten off to the start many had hoped for in red and black.

Through 12 games, Clingan has averaged just 4.8 points per game in 14.5 minutes per game. He’s grabbed 4.9 rebounds and shot just 20% from beyond the arc on extremely limited volume.

He’s been able to keep up his shot-blocking production, nabbing 1.6 per game, rounding out to nearly four per game per 36.

But things seem to be trending his way.

Wednesday night wasn’t his only solid game of the week. Against the Grizzlies just days ago, Clingan added a then-career-high of 13 points on 5-for-7 shooting, with one steal and block apiece. The performance jump-started his move to the starting lineup, where he was able to shine versus Minnesota.

The 7-foot-3 behemoth will look to continue his hot stretch of production against No. 1 pick Zaccharie Risacher and the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, Nov. 17.

Want to join the discussion? Like Draft Digest on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest NBA Draft news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 14, 2024|Modified Nov 14, 2024
DEREK PARKER

Derek is co-founder and publisher for Draft Digest and Inside The Thunder for Fan Nation, powered by Sports Illustrated. He has been a sports writer in the Oklahoma City market for five years now, primarily covering the NBA Draft and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Follow DParkOK

Home
/
Newsfeed
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/draft/newsfeed/trail-blazers-rookie-donovan-clingan-dominates-in-win-over-timberwolves-eight-blocks 
 ----- 
