Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
Es noticia:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Tyson Fury Net Worth
Ryan Garcia
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Meghan Markle
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
Matt Barnes' son goes from a jog to hospital bed in shocking turn of events

The former NBA star's son Isiah had to have emergency surgery

Matt Barnes during his final season in the NBA with the Golden State WarriorsLAPRESSE
LW
26/08/2024 - 17:26 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Indiana Fever. Caitlin Clark rewrites WNBA history with comparisons to active NBA legend
Los Angeles Lakers. John Salley defends LeBron James amid Bronny debat

Former NBA champion Matt Barnes revealed that his son, Isaiah Barnes, was involved in a serious accident last week that resulted in emergency surgery.

Bronny James' hidden talent yet to shine in the NBA with the Lakers
Isaiah Barnes had an appendectomy

Isaiah, a high school basketball player at Encino Crespi High School, was hit by a car while jogging last Wednesday.

The 44-year-old Barnes shared the alarming news on social media, stating that Isaiah's condition took a turn for the worse just two days after the incident.

Barnes explained that Isaiah had been experiencing severe stomach pain on Friday but attempted to push through it to participate in the Mamba Invitational basketball tournament.

Unfortunately, the pain became unbearable, and Isaiah was unable to sleep that night.

It wasn't until Saturday morning that he informed his parents, leading Barnes to rush him to the emergency room.

"My guy had a tough week," Barnes wrote on Instagram.

"Hit by a car while jogging Wednesday, had a bad stomach ache Friday, tried to play through the Mamba Invitational, couldn't sleep all Friday night. Decided to FINALLY tell his mom & I yesterday when he couldn't move."

Once at the hospital, doctors discovered that Isaiah's appendix was severely inflamed and required immediate removal.

"Doctor said it was the largest appendix he had ever seen that hadn't ruptured," Barnes shared, highlighting the severity of the situation.

Isaiah's mother, Gloria Govan, also posted updates on her Instagram, describing the ordeal as "minor... kinda," noting the seriousness of the appendicitis while still maintaining some optimism.

Basketball community rallies around Isaiah Barnes

Isaiah's surgery was successful, and the young athlete has since been discharged from the hospital.

He shared his own updates on Instagram, expressing relief that the difficult week was finally behind him.

"Been one tough week man,"Isaiah wrote, along with a photo of a car pulling up to take him home.

Barnes also posted a heartfelt video of Isaiah reuniting with his twin brother, Carter, following the surgery.

The brothers, both basketball players at Encino Crespi High School, shared an emotional hug as Isaiah showed off his surgical scars.

The news sparked an outpouring of support from the basketball community, with figures like Colorado Buffaloes head coach Deion Sanders and ESPN analyst Ryan Clark sending their well-wishes.

MORE in MARCA
Former child...
Marca
Joe Burr ow's...
Marca

Barnes, who also has a younger son, Ashton, with his fiancée Anansa Sims, has consistently expressed pride in his children's accomplishments.

Last year, he celebrated Isaiah and Carter's graduation from eighth grade, sharing his joy and love for his boys.

NBA - English
NBANBA 2K25 crowns Luka Jokic king as Doncic and Giannis round up top 3 ranking
US OpenWhy Jannik Sinner's US Open dreams are still alive despite positive drug test
TennisCoco Gauff serving up style with new signature shoe just in time for the US Open
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Bad eruit en veilig douchen? Binnen...
Vergelijk Portaal
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met di...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2024/08/27/66ccfa8be2704ecf0a8b4576.html 
 ----- 
