Blog
Todays Match Prediction
SOUTH AFRICA VS. BANGLADESH: T20 WO ..
SOUTH AFRICA VS. BANGLADESH: T20 WORLD CUP 2021, MATCH 30 | PREDICTION, PLAYING 11 AND FANTASY CRICKET TIPS

By Inderjeet Das
Updated On: Nov 02, 2021 12:20 IST |  6 minutes read
845
Table of Contents

South Africa take on Bangladesh in Match 30 of the 2021 T20 World Cup at Abu Dhabi on Tuesday afternoon.

South Africa won their last game against Sri Lanka by 4 wickets, thanks to David Miller’s last-over heroics. They are now 2nd in the Group 1 standings with 4 points and will be looking for a win here to take a step closer to the semi-finals. The team has remained unbeaten in six T20Is against Bangladesh.

Bangladesh, on the other hand, have lost all their three games in the Super 12s due to the inconsistency of their batters and fielders. They are currently sitting at the bottom of the Group 1 standings with no points and are almost out of the tournament. The team will look for better execution of all three departments in this do-or-die match.

Match Details

Game: South Africa vs. Bangladesh, Match 30
Venue: Sheikh Zayed Cricket Stadium, Abu Dhabi
Date & Time: Nov. 2, 2021, at 3:30 PM IST/2 PM Local
Probable Playing XI

South Africa

Quinton de Kock (WK), Reeza Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Temba Bavuma (C), Aiden Markram, David Miller, Dwaine Pretorius, Kagiso Rabada, Keshav Maharaj, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi

Bangladesh

Mohammad Naim, Soumya Sarkar, Liton Das (WK), Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah (C), Afif Hossain, Shamim Hossain, Mahedi Hasan, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam

Weather Report

The weather in Abu Dhabi is predicted to be hot and humid, with the temperature expected to be around 33 degrees during the match.

Pitch Report

Out of the three venues, the Abu Dhabi wicket is perhaps the best batting surface. It is a well-balanced pitch with help for both pacers and spinners. However, batters need to be watchful of the early assistance for pacers. Spinners will also enjoy bowling in these conditions. The average first-innings score in the last six T20Is played here has been 141 runs.

Toss

The teams batting second have enjoyed more success, winning 4 of the 6 matches played here given the dew. However, it will not be an issue for a day game like this one. A total of around 160 should be a competitive one on this surface. 

Top Fantasy Picks

Wicketkeeper

Quinton de Kock is the preferred wicketkeeper for this match. Although he had scored only 19 runs in the two matches played so far, he is too good a player to be kept quiet for long. Expect him to get back among runs in this match.

Batters

Reeza Hendricks was dismissed for a low score in the last game against Sri Lanka. He played a good inning of 39 runs against the West Indies and will look to replicate that here. Hendricks has scored 1043 runs in 38 T20Is at an average of 28.18 and a strike rate of 122.7, with 7 fifties to his name. 
Mohammad Naim has done well at the top of the order for Bangladesh in this tournament. He has scored 143 runs in the four matches played, including 2 half centuries. He will look to play a longer inning and make a big score here.

All-rounder

Aiden Markram is the most in-form batter and the leading run scorer for South Africa in this tournament. He has scored 110 runs at an average of 55 and a strike rate of 134.14, including 1 half century. Moreover, he is handy with his part-time off-spin bowling in the middle overs.

Bowlers

Anrich Nortje has been one of the standout pacers in this tournament. He has been spot-on with his express pace and lengths, both in the Power Play and death overs. He has already taken 5 wickets in three matches at an economy rate of 5.16 and should pick up a few more wickets in this game.
Mustafizur Rahman is a match-winner with the ball for Bangladesh and can trouble the Proteas batters with his pace variations on a helpful Abu Dhabi surface. He has already taken 8 wickets in this World Cup at an economy rate of 8.63, with best figures of 4/36 against Oman in the first round.
Howzat Dream Team
Wicketkeepers: Q de Kock, M Rahim
Batters: R Van der Dussen, R Hendricks, Mohammad Naim
All-rounders: D Pretorious, A Markram, Mahmudullah
Bowlers: T Shamsi, A Nortje, M Rahman
Captain: Q de Kock/A Nortje
Vice Captain: Mahmudullah/M Rahim
T20 World Cup 2021, Match 30: SA vs BAN – HOWZAT Dream Team

NOTE: The Howzat dream team above is just a suggestion. You can select your own fantasy 11, and play all the fantasy cricket matches from the T20 World Cup. Also, don’t forget to make any necessary changes to your team once the actual playing 11 is announced by each team (30 minutes before the start of the match) as some players you have selected might not be part of the team suggested.

Get fantasy cricket tips on your favorite fantasy sports app and select your own team, Howzat!

Related Articles
Australia vs India 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
New Zealand vs England 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
South Africa vs Pakistan 2nd T20 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 12 Dec, 2024
Share

Facebook

Twitter

Most Popular Post
Who is the Fastest Bowler in Cricket World? Top 10 Fastest Deliveries
🏏Longest Six in Cricket History - Top 10 Biggest Six by Distance
Best Football Player in the World (2024) - Top 10 Football Players
QUICK LINKS
Home
Fantasy Cricket
Poker Game
How To Play
Tips & Tricks
Points System
Testimonial
About Us
FAQs
Disclaimer
Legality
Privacy Policy
Refer & Earn
Refund Policy
Terms of Service
DOWNLOAD OUR APP

Download
ANDROID APP

Download
IOS APP

FOLLOW US
 
 
 
 

Copyright notice: © Junglee Games India Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.howzat.com/blog/match-prediction/south-africa-vs-bangladesh-t20-world-cup-2021-match-30-prediction 
 ----- 
