मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
South Africa vs Bangladesh prediction: Who will win SA vs BAN T20 World Cup 2021 match today?
Cricket
Sahil Bakshi
Updated Nov 02, 2021 | 11:18 IST
South Africa have never been beaten by Bangladesh in a T20I. The two teams have only locked horns in a T20 World Cup match where the Proteas had emerged triumphant.
South Africa take on Bangladesh in match no. 3 of T20 World Cup 2021  |  Photo Credit: AP
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
South Africa and Bangladesh square-off in match number 30 of T20 World Cup 2021
South Africa have a 6-0 head-to-head record against Bangladesh in T20Is
Bangladesh are yet to win a match in the T20 World Cup 2021 so far

The battle for the runners-up spot in Group 1 of the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Super 12s is set to intensify, with both South Africa and Australia vying for the same position. The Proteas take on Bangladesh in their 4th match of the tournament hoping to take another step towards semi-finals qualification.

In Group 1, Bangladesh remains the only side that is yet to win a single contest. The Bangla Tigers have lost all three of their matches and are already out of contention as far as their semi-finals qualification hopes are concerned. Yet, in the remaining two matches, Mahmudullah & Co. would look to salvage some pride and possibly cause a few upsets too.

South Africa weren't backed to go through the group when the draw was announced but they have put in the hard work, secured a few close wins to put themselves right back into contention. A defeat against Australia with just two balls to go was followed by two closely-fought wins against West Indies and Sri Lanka.

Bangladesh, on the other hand, have fallen short of putting the sort of displays they were expected to. Their T20I series win over Australia before the start of the T20 World Cup 2021 was expected to give their campaign a push but that hasn't happened so far.

Playing the game at Abu Dhabi, which remains the most conducive wicket for batters, is expected to see runs flow freely. Yet, for South Africa, their bowling department remains their biggest strength. 

RELATED NEWS
MS Dhoni's record broken! Eoin Morgan takes 'most successful T20I skipper' crown with win over Sri Lanka
Babar Azam to Quinton de Kock: Match-winners to watch out for in SA vs BAN, PAK vs NAM match of T20 WC 2021
Watch: Jos Buttler hits last-ball six against SL, becomes first batsman to score a century in T20 World Cup 2021

When it comes to the head-to-head stats, South Africa are yet to be beaten by Bangladesh. In the 6 matches that have taken place between the two sides in the shortest format, the Proteas haven't faced a single defeat. In T20 World Cup games, the two teams have locked horns only once.

Match Prediction: Bangladesh don't just have issues in their bowling and batting department but fielding has also let them down. Be it existing past results or current form, everything points in the direction of South Africa winning this encounter.

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/south-africa-vs-bangladesh-prediction-who-will-win-sa-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-2021-match-today/828626 
 ----- 
