ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
South Africa vs Bangladesh: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
WT20
17 Oct 21 to 14 Nov 21
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Points Table
Teams
Players
Venues
More 
Results
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
WT20
Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 14, 2021
New Zealand
172/4 (20.0)
Australia
173/2 (18.5)
Australia beat New Zealand by 8 wickets
2nd Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 11, 2021
Pakistan
176/4 (20.0)
Australia
177/5 (19.0)
Australia beat Pakistan by 5 wickets
1st Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Abu Dhabi, Nov 10, 2021
England
166/4 (20.0)
New Zealand
167/5 (19.0)
New Zealand beat England by 5 wickets
Sports Home ICC T20 World Cup 2021 News South Africa Vs Bangladesh ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Live Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
South Africa vs Bangladesh: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between South Africa vs Bangladesh from Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: November 02, 2021 03:55 pm IST
Read Time: 14 min
SA vs BAN Latest Score

A dedicated team of experts bring you live score, live cricket score, live match update on Sports.NDTV.com. After 5.1 overs, Bangladesh are 24/2. The live updates of South Africa vs Bangladesh scorecard is also available. It is the perfect platform to follow your favourite teams in ICC T20 World Cup 2021. Keep a track on your favourite batsmen and bowlers through ICC T20 World Cup 2021 today match, ball by ball commentary, South Africa vs Bangladesh, South Africa vs Bangladesh live score, South Africa vs Bangladesh scorecard. Follow the excitement of the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 on Sports.NDTV.com as you can follow live match updates and live cricket score through our platform.

4.6 overs (0 Run)
Good length and on off, Das guides it to point.

4.5 overs (0 Run)
A good bumper, Das ducks under it.

4.4 overs (0 Run)
Good length and on off, Das guides it to point.

4.3 overs (2 Runs)
Angled into the pads, Das works it through mid-wicket. Two taken. Nicely played, just let the ball come to him.

4.2 overs (0 Run)
Back of a length and on off, Das pushes it to covers.

4.1 overs (0 Run)
Good length and on off, Das guides it to point.

Mushfiqur Rahim is the new batsman in. Also, Anrich Nortje is introduced into the attack.

South Africa have taken a review for an LBW. Ultra Edge shows a flat line as the ball passes the bat. It has hit the pad first. Ball Tracking shows all three reds. The on-field decision will be reversed.

3.6 overs (0 Run)
OUT! THAT IS INDEED PAD FIRST! Three reds too and Rabada will be on a hat-trick in his next over! What a delivery to bowl first up to a new batter! Rabada goes full, fast and gets it to tail back in from around off. Sarkar plants his front foot right across and looks to jam it out. There are two noises, it has surely hit both bat and pad but not sure what it has hit first. A huge appeal but turned down. The South Africans are pretty sure and review. Replays show that the on-field call has to be overturned. Bangladesh in early trouble here and this is a top over from Rabada.

3.5 overs (0 Run)
OUT! STRAIGHT TO THE MAN! Bangladesh lose their first and quite early! Rabada strikes! A shortish ball on middle, seems like Rabada rolled his fingers over the ball. Naim looks to pull but is a touch early in the stroke. It goes more off the bottom and straight to mid-wicket where Reeza Hendricks takes a dolly.

Soumya Sarkar walks out to bat at No.3.

3.5 overs (1 Run)
WIDE! A slower one but well wide outside off, Naim slashes but misses. Wided.

3.4 overs (1 Run)
On middle, this is pushed to mid on for one.

3.3 overs (1 Run)
Really good fielding! That is South Africa like! Shorter and on off, Naim guides it towards point. The fielder there dives to his right and pushes it towards backward point. The batters go for one. The backward point fielder picks it up and has a shy at the bowler's end but misses. Would have been tight.

3.2 overs (1 Run)
Shorter and on middle, Das works it through mid-wicket for one.

3.1 overs (1 Run)
A low full toss on middle, Naim plays it to mid on and takes one.

2.6 overs (1 Run)
A single to end then! On off, this is pushed towards mid off for one.

2.5 overs (4 Runs)
MISFIELD AND FOUR! Second error from South Africa today and both on the bowling of Maharaj! Bavuma did mention he wants the fielding to be better at the toss but South Africa have been poor to begin with. Markram the culprit who is usually a gun fielder! This is shorter and on middle, it is pulled wide of long on. Markram runs there but lets it through for a boundary.

2.4 overs (1 Run)
Steps out again, makes it into a full toss this time, it is hit down to long off for one.

2.3 overs (1 Run)
On middle, Naim now nudges it through mid-wicket for one.

2.2 overs (1 Run)
Well bowled! Das comes down the track, Maharaj spots it and shortens the length. It is pushed down to long off for one.

2.1 overs (0 Run)
On middle, Das pushes it to the right of the bowler who moves there and stops it.

1.6 overs (0 Run)
A loud appeal but turned down! Going down leg! This one shapes back in as Rabada goes fuller. The line is a little too straight. Naim looks to flick but misses to get hit on the pads. 5 from Rabada's first.

1.5 overs (0 Run)
Another one on a length and around middle, blocked.

1.4 overs (0 Run)
Rabada gets away with one! Good from de Kock! On the pads, Naim looks to flick but misses. It hits the pad. De Kock dives to his right and stops it.

1.3 overs (1 Run)
Now stands tall and guides this short ball down to third man for one.

1.2 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Delightful! Lovely timing! Length and on off, Das strokes it on the up, it races through covers for the first boundary of the game.

1.1 overs (0 Run)
Slightly shorter and outside off, Das guides it to point.

Kagiso Rabada to bowl from the opposite end.

0.6 over (1 Run)
A single to end. A tidy first over by Keshav Maharaj! On middle, it is nudged around the corner for one.

0.5 over (0 Run)
On middle, Das keeps it out.

0.4 over (2 Runs)
Misfield and two! Das is underway too! On middle, this is worked towards mid-wicket. Nortje runs to his right, tries to pick the ball up casually with one hand but does not do so. Another run taken.

0.3 over (0 Run)
Flatter and on off, Das hangs back and pushes it to covers.

0.2 over (1 Run)
On middle, Naim hangs back and works it through mid-wicket for one. Bangladesh and Naim are underway.

0.1 over (0 Run)
Starts off with a tossed up ball, just outside off. Naim looks to drive it through the off side but it goes off the inner half back to the bowler.

We are set to begin! Both teams line up for their respective national anthems. First it will be Bangladesh's followed by South Africa's. We are done with the pre-match formalities.  Both the openers -  Mohammad Naim and Liton Das walk out to the middle. The players of South Africa stride out to the middle as well. The players of both the teams take the knee to support the Black Lives Matter movement. Keshav Maharaj to start with the ball. Here we go...

Mahmudullah, the skipper of Bangladesh, says they that wanted to bowl as well. Informs Shakib is out and so is Mustafizur. Mentions Shakib is a big loss but it is a chance for the other players to step up. Adds they were close to a win in the last two games but they still have pride to play and he hopes they can do well.

Temba Bavuma, the skipper of South Africa, says that they want to bowl, there is a little grass on the wicket and that has been the trend. Adds the last win boost their confidence and they would look to ride the momentum forward. Mentions he hopes the wicket assists his pacers and informs he is playing the same team and he hopes they can improve his fielding.

Bangladesh (Playing XI) - Mohammad Naim, Liton Das (WK), Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah (C), Afif Hossain, Shamim Hossain (In for Shakib Al Hasan), Soumya Sarkar, Mahedi Hasan, Shoriful Islam, Taskin Ahmed, Nasum Ahmed (In for Mustafizur Rahman).

South Africa (UNCHANGED playing XI) - Reeza Hendricks, Quinton de Kock (WK) (In for Heinrich Klaasen), Temba Bavuma (C), Aiden Markram, David Miller, Rassie van der Dussen, Dwaine Pretorius, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi.

South Africa (Unchanged playing XI) - Reeza Hendricks, Quinton de Kock (WK), Temba Bavuma (C), Aiden Markram, David Miller, Rassie van der Dussen, Dwaine Pretorius, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi.

TOSS - Both captains are out in the middle. Up goes the coin and it lands in the favor of South Africa. They have elected to BOWL first.

PITCH REPORT - Darren Sammy is down for the pitch report. He states that the square boundaries are long and the batters have to hit well. Murali Karthik is also there with him and he says that the pitch looks green and is very hard. Adds that fast bowlers would enjoy their time on this track and it is a fresh pitch.

South Africa, led by Temba Bavuma, have come back really well after facing a defeat in their opening encounter against Australia. They have won back-to-back games after that and are looking like a well-balanced unit. The return of Quinton de Kock has further bolstered their batting lineup and the icing on the cake for them was their hard-hitter David Miller getting back in form against Sri Lanka. The Proteas look a completely different unit when their batting fires as they are packed with some world-class bowlers who deliver for them more often than not. Bavuma and his men would be eager to win in this encounter and stay ahead in the semi-final race. Also, a win here for South Africa will see Sri Lanka having no chance for making it to the semi-final and they will be knocked out of the tournament. All to play for then in this encounter which promises to be an exciting one. Stay tuned for toss and further updates.

Bangladesh haven't managed to win a single game so far and they have only themselves to blame as they have not managed to put their best foot forward against some quality oppositions of their group. Things seem to be getting worse for them as their premier all-rounder, Shakib Al Hasan, has been ruled out of the competition due to an injury. The Bangla Tigers have been inconsistent with both the bat and ball. The likes of Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah and Mustafizur Rahman need to step up if they are to win against a strong South African side but having said that, even if they win, they have a very, very slim chance of grabbing a spot in the semi-final.

Hello folks! A very warm welcome to game number 30 of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup where Bangladesh will go up against South Africa in Abu Dhabi. Things are getting quite interesting in both group A and B as the race for semi-final is heating up in UAE.

....Match Day....

Super 12 - Match 30, ICC World Twenty20, 2021, Nov 02, 2021
Match Ended
SA
86/4 (13.3)
BAN
84/10 (18.2)
Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi
South Africa beat Bangladesh by 6 wickets
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
South Africa Cricket Team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi
ICC T20 World Cup 2021
South Africa Vs Bangladesh, Super 12 - Match 30
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
Shahid Afridi Reveals His "Unfulfilled Desire", It Has An 'India-Pakistan' Connection
India vs Pakistan: Rohit Sharma And Co. On The Cusp Of Huge Record In International Cricket
"It Was Relentless": England All-rounder Chris Jordan Reveals He Faced Racist Abuse After T20 World Cup Loss
"Don't Need To Say What India Means To Us": Mohammed Shami Opens Up On Being Targetted By Trolls After India's Defeat To Pakistan In 2021 T20 World Cup
"Hardest Pills I've Had To Swallow": Jofra Archer On Missing T20 World Cup And The Ashes

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/icc-t20-world-cup-2021/south-africa-vs-bangladesh-live-score-over-super-12-match-30-t20-1-5-updates-2596910 
 ----- 
