Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Zach Edey
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies rookie perform against the Nets? (Oct. 30) 
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies rookie perform against the Nets? (Oct. 30) 
By
Juan Paolo David
Modified Oct 31, 2024 02:53 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Zach Edey Stats Tonight. (Photo: IMAGN)

Zach Edey of the Memphis Grizzlies was listed as questionable ahead of tonight's game against the Brooklyn Nets. Edey was cleared before tip-off and started the game for the Grizzlies. How did the rookie big man perform versus the visiting Nets?

Edey finished the game with 13 points, two rebounds, one assist and one steal in 18 minutes of action. He saw limited time in the second half at just three minutes, with the coaching staff being cautious due to his minor right calf injury.

The Grizzlies were already dealing with a couple of injuries to Marcus Smart and Desmond Bane during the game. Ja Morant was also questionable before the game, but still finished with 14 points, eight rebounds and 11 assists as Memphis fell to Brooklyn 119-106.

Trending

Here are Edey's stats for tonight's game:

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Players	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	PF	MIN	FG	3PT	FT	+/-
Zach Edey	13	2	1	1	0	1	2	18:26	6-9	0-0	1-2	-6
How did Zach Edey perform against the Nets?
How did Zach Edey perform against the Nets? (Photo: IMAGN)

Zach Edey had the shooting touch in the first half, finishing with 13 points to tie his career high already. He played just 15 minutes, but was very efficient and effective to keep the Grizzlies afloat.

Ja Morant was struggling, so Edey and Jaren Jackson Jr. picked up the slack. Edey had the size advantage against the Brooklyn Nets' small lineup, with Nic Claxton out with a minor injury.

In the third quarter, the rookie big man played just three minutes before getting subbed off for Brandon Clark. The Grizzlies were trying to play fast and it was effective as the Nets' lead shrunk to just two points with four minutes left in the period.

Expand Tweet

Memphis coach Taylor Jenkins didn't bring back Edey to the game in the fourth quarter since Brooklyn was trying to run and play fast. However, the Grizzlies just couldn't stop anyone down the stretch.

What's next for Zach Edey and the Grizzlies?

The Memphis Grizzlies dropped to 2-3 for the season after Wednesday's loss to the Brooklyn Nets. The Grizzlies will finish their current four-game homestand tomorrow night against the Milwaukee Bucks before going on a short two-game road trip.

Zach Edey will be matched up with Brook Lopez next game, while he'll have a chance to finally face Nic Claxton on Nov. 4. But before that, Edey and the Grizzlies are clashing with the recently fined Philadelphia 76ers. He won't be playing against Joel Embiid, who is still out with an undisclosed left knee injury.

Edey has been playing limited minutes to start his rookie year due to a couple of ankle injuries in the Summer League. He also suffered a sore right calf, which is considered minor.

Grizzlies Nation! You can check out the latest Memphis Grizzlies Schedule and dive into the Grizzlies Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Memphis Grizzlies Brooklyn Nets Zach Edey NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Stats
Edited by Juan Paolo David
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-zach-edey-stats-tonight-how-grizzlies-rookie-perform-nets-oct-30 
 ----- 
