MAUI NEWS
×
News
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment
Obituaries
Memoriams
Jobs
Classifieds
TV
Print Ad Directory
Public Notices
Contact Information
Submit News
NEWS SPORTS OPINION OBITUARIES JOBS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE NOTICE
January 07, 2025 | Today's Paper | Submit News | Subscribe Today | Login
A’s send Coliseum out in style in final home game, beat Rangers 3-2
LOCAL SPORTS

SEP 27, 2024

 

Oakland Athletics center fielder JJ Bleday makes a diving catch on a fly ball hit by Texas Rangers' Carson Kelly during the seventh inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

By JANIE McCAULEY AP Baseball Writer

OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — JJ Bleday hit an RBI single and made a magnificent catch in center field, Shea Langeliers had a sacrifice fly, and the Oakland Athletics went out in their final scheduled game at the Coliseum with a 3-2 win over the Texas Rangers on Thursday for a series victory.

Bleday and Zack Gelof delivered defensive gems to delight a sellout crowd of 46,889 under a cloudless blue September sky. Fans alternated chants of “Sell the team!” and “Let’s go Oakland!” amid the mixed emotions and nostalgia at the Coliseum, where the A’s have played since 1968 and enjoyed so many memorable moments.

The ninth inning featured two fans jumping the fences to run onto the grass, bottles being thrown into center field and smoke bombs set off and tossed into right. Toilet paper and other debris also came down before manager Mark Kotsay took the microphone after the game with a heartfelt thank you to the fans and one last round of “Let’s go Oakland!”

“To the staff who have dedicated their lives to the Oakland A’s, especially those who aren’t coming with us, I am forever grateful,” Kotsay said. “I will never forget you.”

The A’s plan to play the next three years in Sacramento with hopes of opening a new ballpark in Las Vegas ahead of the 2028 season.

Green “SELL” banners hung from the outfield railings as fans were treated to a trip down memory lane. Barry Zito sang the national anthem to huge applause, while Rickey Henderson and Dave Stewart tossed out ceremonial first pitches.

The current A’s entertained, too.

Bleday made a diving catch to his right to rob Carson Kelly of a hit on his line drive in the seventh. And the hometown fans got one more chance to see flame-throwing closer Mason Miller on the mound.

A’s starter J.T. Ginn (1-1) left to a loud standing ovation after allowing two runs on five hits over 5 1/3 innings, and the pitcher then applauded right back by clapping his glove.

Oakland’s bullpen followed him with 3 2/3 scoreless innings, with Miller recording the final four outs for his 28th save that leads all major league rookies. He has converted his last 16 opportunities dating to June 18.

Miller pumped his fist after striking out Nathaniel Lowe for the first out of the ninth, then play was briefly interrupted as Leody Taveras batted when two fans ran separately onto the field and were removed by swarms of security. Miller struck Taveras out, too, then retired Travis Jankowski on a grounder to third to end the 2-hour, 29-minute game.

“It’s an honor that I think any pitcher would love to have, I think, just being able to say that and have that for the rest of my career no matter where it takes me, that’s always going to be a moment I look back on and treasure,” Miller said.

Former A’s star and Bay Area native Marcus Semien went 0 for 4 in his likely last game here in front of family and friends.

“It was just nice to see a big crowd here. It’s always fun. A lot of energy,” he said. “Disappointed we didn’t play well. That’s really what I’m here to do, is play good baseball. But in terms of this community showing up for this team, it’s pretty sad, because there are a lot of people who love this team in Oakland, and I don’t how the support is going to be anywhere else. So pretty tough.”

Rangers right-hander Kumar Rocker (0-2) struck out two and didn’t walk a batter, surrendering three runs on seven hits over 4 2/3 innings while making his third career start.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rangers: Adolis García batted cleanup as the designated hitter after tweaking a knee playing right field during a 5-1 win Wednesday.

UP NEXT

RHP Jacob deGrom (0-0, 1.35 ERA) makes his third and final start of 2024 in the series opener on the road against the Angels on Friday. The A’s finish the season at Seattle, sending LHP JP Sears (11-12, 4.43) to the mound vs. the Mariners. He becomes the first A’s pitcher to make 32 starts in consecutive seasons since Gio Gonzalez in 2010-11.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

NEWSLETTER
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
Email(Required)
I'm interested in (please check all that apply)(Required)
 Daily Newsletter
 Breaking News
 Obituaries
Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?(Required)
 Yes
 No
LOCAL SPORTS
Buccaneers beat Saints 27-19 to clinch NFC South and wide receiver Mike Evans surpasses 1,000 yards
Nix leads Broncos past Chiefs’ reserves 38-0 and into playoffs for 1st time since 2015 season
Colts owner Jim Irsay says he’s retaining GM Chris Ballard and coach Shane Steichen
Hideki Matsuyama has record-setting start to the PGA Tour season with victory at Kapalua
Lions secure NFC’s No. 1 seed, Broncos and Buccaneers clinch the NFL’s final two playoff spots
Jaguars fire coach Doug Pederson, keep GM Trent Baalke after ‘best team assembled’ wins just 4 games
MOST READ
Photo of the Day: Keawakapu Splash
Clare Connors resigns as US attorney for District of Hawaii
State cites Maui Asphalt for permit violations on Kauai
Head Start to begin accepting 2025-26 applications Feb. 1
AARP offers residents help preparing taxes
Hawaiʻi Community Foundation, Kaiser Permanente and Maui United Way launch funding partnership to support Lahaina's recovery
4 articles remaining...

Only $99/year
Subscribe Today
NEWS
Local News
Obituaries
Business
SPORTS
Local Sports
Sports Spotlight
Hawaii Sports
National Sports
OPINION
Editorial
Letters to the Editor
Columns
CONTACT
Submit News
Advertise
Contact Us

Copyright © Maui News | https://www.mauinews.com | 100 Mahalani Street, Wailuku, HI 96793 | 808-242-6363
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mauinews.com/sports/local-sports/2024/09/as-send-coliseum-out-in-style-in-final-home-game-beat-rangers-3-2/ 
 ----- 
