SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
You have been granted access, use your keyboard to continue reading.
The Athletics have played in the Oakland Coliseum since 1968 after previous stops in Philadelphia and Kansas City, Mo.

ESSAY

What Does Baseball Lose When the A’s Leave Oakland?

A team’s plan to build a palace in Las Vegas highlights a cultural shift in the American sports experience, driven by a single factor: money.

NEW

Listen to articles

Tap the Play button at the top of any article to hear it read aloud.

Listen to this article · 7:26 min Learn more
Share full article
307

By Jack Nicas

Photographs by Jim Wilson

Reporting from the Oakland Coliseum

Sept. 26, 2024

The Athletics want their next home to be a $1.5 billion dome on the Las Vegas Strip built from five interlocking arches meant to evoke baseball pennants. One arch would carry a Jumbotron the size of four basketball courts. Another would be mostly glass, revealing the sparkle of the casinos beyond.

The award-winning architect behind the design calls it a “spherical armadillo.” Others have compared it to the elegant layered architecture of the Sydney Opera House.

By comparison, the Athletics’ current home, the Oakland Coliseum, has been called “a giant concrete toilet bowl.”

It is, indeed, a hulking mass of concrete, and there is nothing like it left in professional sports. There is exposed rebar, barbed wire, tangled cables and trough urinals. Chairs are coming loose. The lights are failing. Nearly 100 feral cats have moved in. And a broadcast booth has at times been abandoned because a possum was living in the walls.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

And yet the argument could be made that the A’s departure from their run-down home for the riches of Las Vegas is a large part of what’s wrong with American professional sports today.

In the hunt for profits, billionaire sports owners have built a steady stream of palace-like stadiums, with a widening array of over-the-top distractions from the game.

The goal — the only goal, it can seem — is to attract casual fans into far pricier seats.

It has all added up to a broad commercialization — and sterilization — of the fan experience.

Across the country, fans are wooed by sushi, breweries, swimming pools, art galleries, cigar bars, leather recliners, Ferris wheels, carousels and Build-A-Bear workshops. Stadiums have become theme parks of sorts, and fans, in turn, have become willing to pay more. Ticket prices have risen about 130 percent over the past 25 years, far outpacing inflation, according to the Consumer Price Index.

That has left the Coliseum as one of the nation’s final examples of a sports stadium designed for people to simply watch sports in. It is grungy, unpretentious and cheap. And that has fostered one of baseball’s grittiest and most irreverent fan bases.

They bang drums, ring cowbells and blow vuvuzelas.

They hang pun-heavy banners, mosh to players’ metal entrance songs and have adopted the resident possum as an unofficial mascot.

It was at the Coliseum where a raucous fan invented the Wave, which has become a staple across sports.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

And on Thursday afternoon, all that ends. The A’s will play their final game at the park, closing a storied run of 57 years there — all on the whim of a single billionaire.

John Fisher — the billionaire heir to the Gap clothing empire — bought the A’s in 2005. He has since given the team one of the lowest payrolls in the league; systematically traded away its best players; allowed its home park to decay; repeatedly asked taxpayers to help fund a new stadium; and, when he didn’t get the deal he wanted, announced the move to Vegas.

That history has made him maybe the most despised man in Oakland, and it has also illustrated a dark peculiarity of American professional sports: A billionaire can take one of the most important cultural hubs of a community and just move it to another city, provided the money is right.

To sports fans abroad, it’s a bit unthinkable. In the United States, it’s just business.

“To owners, these are their toys, and they can do what they want with them,” Eric Lelja, 36, a pizza cook in a fraying A’s cap, said as he walked up a concrete ramp into the Coliseum this week. “And it’s the fans who suffer.”

There is no clearer illustration of this trend than in Oakland. Despite being in the middle of one of the world’s most economically prosperous regions, the city has now lost all three of its major professional sports franchises in a span of five years.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

In 2019, the N.B.A.’s Golden State Warriors crossed the bay to open a sleek $1.4 billion arena in a neighborhood full of tech workers in San Francisco. The Warriors were cashing in on their success on the court, and targeting richer fans. The new arena had 1,500 fewer seats but nearly twice as many private boxes.

A year later, Oakland lost the N.F.L.’s Raiders in a saga that closely resembled the drama surrounding the A’s exit.

For decades, the A’s and the Raiders had shared the Coliseum, and it was there that Raiders fans had developed a reputation of being among the most notorious in sports. They created the Black Hole, a growling pit of unhinged men and women dressed in black and adorned with spikes and skulls who would shout obscenities and taunts at startled opponents.

But Mark Davis, who inherited the Raiders from his father, eventually decided there was more money to be made elsewhere. So in 2020 he moved the team to a $2 billion stadium in Las Vegas. Nevada taxpayers paid for $750 million of that bill.

Image
Jimshi Moy and his father, Jonathan, brought along a photo book of the memories they had made together at the Coliseum over the years.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Image
Other M.L.B. stadiums offer gourmet fare, but helmet nachos were a more common sight at the Coliseum. Forks optional.
Image
A’s tattoos were also a common sight, including one featuring the team’s elephant logo on the leg of Luis Orellana.
Image
Known for years as the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum and Arena, the sports complex off Hegenberger Road saw its resident teams win championships in the N.F.L., the N.B.A. and Major League Baseball. Each team ended up seeking riches elsewhere.

The move was a jackpot. The Raiders are now one of the hottest tickets in the N.F.L. — and the team’s prices have more than doubled over the past decade, to the highest in the league. One of the team’s new luxury suites can cost as much as $75,000 a game.

The valuation of the Raiders franchise has increased to $6.7 billion today from $1.4 billion in 2015, the year before relocation talks began, according to Forbes’s annual valuations.

Yet what they have gained in money, they’ve lost in heart. The new Raiders stadium is not known for the intensity of the team’s fans, but for the sheer number of people in the building who are there to see the opposing team. Much of the financial boon for the team has come from selling tickets to tourists who follow their favorite team to Vegas as part of a weekend away from home.

Mr. Fisher appeared to take notice. This week he said he began exploring Las Vegas a year after the Raiders arrived there. At the time, he had been pursuing a new waterfront ballpark in Oakland. Oakland’s mayor has accused him of actually having his sights set on Vegas the whole time — and using Oakland as leverage. Mr. Fisher has denied that.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Last year, the will-they-or-won’t-they game finally ended, with Mr. Fisher announcing that he had abandoned plans for a stadium in Oakland. He then quickly secured $380 million in public subsidies to build in Vegas.

The Coliseum, which opened in 1966 as a multisport facility in search of teams to call it home, had been targeted by M.L.B. as an unfit stadium for years.

It was in poor condition, yet had endured as nearly every stadium around it was replaced: As of Thursday, only six active major professional sports stadiums in the United States were older.

Teams in all the major sports had rushed to replace their stadiums in recent decades, with an average of three a year for the past 30 years.

And in that process, they have gotten far pricier — and gaudier.

From 1966 to 2008, the average cost of a U.S. stadium was about $325 million, adjusted for inflation, according to a database compiled by J.C. Bradbury, a sports economist at Kennesaw State University in Georgia. Over the past 15 years, the average cost has ballooned to roughly $1.25 billion.

Mr. Bradbury said the taxpayer subsidies were part of the reason for the rapid climb. “When you go out to dinner and someone else is paying, you order steak instead of chicken,” Mr. Bradbury said. “Each new stadium is an owner trying to one-up the last one.”

The defenders of the Coliseum — and that includes me — admit that the stadium in its current form is unfeasible. Mr. Fisher has been unwilling to spend enough to create a consistently winning team that can draw baseball fans, and for teams that cannot compete, the new model is to create enough ballpark amenities that casual fans come regardless.

But Oakland officials and fans still want a team, and it’s hard to find anyone around baseball who seems genuinely excited about Vegas. So baseball stands to lose, while Mr. Fisher gains.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Baseball in Las Vegas “just doesn’t make sense,” said Dave Raymond, the television broadcaster for the Texas Rangers, the A’s opponent in the Coliseum’s final series this week. “Can you even imagine a greater juxtaposition between what baseball is and where baseball, at times, feels like it’s headed?”

Mr. Raymond travels around the country calling baseball games, “and sometimes you’re in a place where it’s a social hangout, where it doesn’t feel connected to the game,” he said. In Oakland, “they’re here for the baseball,” he added, “and anybody who’s been around here understands what this team means to the community.”

Image
For all of its flaws, Oakland Coliseum endured long after the team decided it needed a new home.

Jack Nicas is the Brazil bureau chief for The Times, based in Rio de Janeiro, where he leads coverage of much of South America. More about Jack Nicas

Jim Wilson is a New York Times photographer based in San Francisco. He has been a member of The Times’s photo department since 1980. More about Jim Wilson

A version of this article appears in print on Sept. 27, 2024, Section B, Page 7 of the New York edition with the headline: What Does Baseball Lose When the A’s Move?. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: Oakland Athletics, Major League Baseball
READ 307 COMMENTS
Share full article
307

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions
We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/09/26/style/oakland-coliseum-athletics.html 
 ----- 
