 MENU
My Picks
Oakland Athletics vs Seattle Mariners Prediction MLB Picks 9/27/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 26, 2024 10:13 pm
Seattle Mariners (82-77) vs Oakland Athletics (69-90)
Game Info: Friday, September 27, 2024 at 10:10 pm (T-Mobile Park)
Luis Castillo (11-12) (3.64) vs JP Sears (11-12) (4.43)
Betting Odds: Seattle Mariners / Oakland Athletics --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article, we will formulate an Oakland Athletics vs Seattle Mariners prediction for this MLB game on Friday, September 27th at T-Mobile Park in Seattle, Washington. To formulate this prediction for game one in the series, we will examine:

The Athletics' recent form and recent player performance 
The Mariners' recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Oakland 
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Seattle
Recent betting trends in games played between Oakland and Seattle
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Oakland and Seattle
Oakland Athletics Betting Preview

The Oakland Athletics are 69-90 this season and they have lost four of their last six games. Oakland is coming off of a series win against Texas, where they won two out of three games. Prior to that series, the Athletics lost all three against the Yankees, won two out of three against the Cubs, and lost two out of three against the White Sox. Oakland is 4-7 in their last 11 games and they are fourth in the AL West. 

The Oakland pitching staff has a 4.36 ERA, a 1.33 WHIP, and a .254 opponent batting average. The Athletics offense has scored 633 runs with a .234 batting average and a .302 on-base percentage. Brent Rooker is batting .298 with 38 home runs and 110 RBIs for the Athletics this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Seattle Mariners Betting Preview

The Seattle Mariners are 82-77 this year and they have alternated wins and losses over their last five games. Seattle is coming off of a series win against Houston, where they won two out of three games. Prior to that series, the Mariners won two out of three against the Rangers, lost two out of three against the Yankees, and won three out of four against the Rangers. Seattle is 5-2 in their last seven games and they are second in the AL West. 

The Seattle pitching staff has a 3.50 ERA, a 1.08 WHIP, and a .220 opponent batting average. The Mariners' offense has scored 661 runs with a .224 batting average and a .311 on-base percentage. Cal Raleigh is batting .218 with 31 home runs and 96 RBIs for the Mariners this season. 

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Oakland is JP Sears, who is 11-12 with a 4.43 ERA and a 1.23 WHIP over 174.2 innings pitched this year. Sears has allowed at least four earned runs in three of his last four starts. The projected starting pitcher for Seattle is Luis Castillo, who is 11-12 with a 3.64 ERA and a 1.17 WHIP over 175.1 innings pitched this season. Castillo has allowed two earned runs in each of his last three starts but is coming off of the IL. 

Why the Mariners will beat the Athletics
The Mariners have won seven of their last eight home games following a road win.
The Athletics have lost each of their last four games against American League opponents following a win.
The Athletics have failed to cover the run line in seven of their last eight games against American League opponents.
The Mariners have covered the run line in each of their last five games against the Athletics at T-Mobile Park following a road win.
Total Runs Facts
Nine of the Mariners' last 12 games against AL West opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
Three of the Athletics' last four road games against AL West opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Athletics' last three night games against American League opponents.
Seattle Mariners Player Prop Facts
Julio Rodriguez has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 12 appearances in night games against AL West teams that held a losing record.
Julio Rodriguez has recorded at least one total base in each of his last 12 appearances in night games against AL West teams that held a losing record.
Julio Rodriguez has scored at least one run in each of the Mariners' last seven night games against AL West opponents that held a losing record.
Randy Arozarena has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Mariners' last four home games against AL West opponents.
Julio Rodriguez has hit at least one home run in each of the Mariners' last four night games against AL West opponents that held a losing record.
Justin Turner has recorded at least one Single in each of the Mariners' last nine games against AL West opponents.
Oakland Athletics Player Prop Facts
Zack Gelof has scored at least one run in six of his last seven appearances in night games against AL West teams that held a winning record.
JP Sears has recorded five or more strikeouts in each of his last three appearances against the Mariners.
Brent Rooker has hit at least one home run in 10 of his last 22 road appearances after playing the previous day.
Brent Rooker has recorded at least one RBI in seven of the Athletics' last eight road games.
JJ Bleday has recorded a Double in four of the Athletics' last five night games against AL West opponents that held a winning record.
Miguel Andujar has recorded at least one Single in each of his last five appearances.
Brent Rooker has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 15 road appearances after playing the previous day.
Brent Rooker has recorded at least one total base in each of his last 15 road appearances after playing the previous day.
Oakland Athletics vs Seattle Mariners Prediction 

Oakland is coming off of an emotional series with Texas, as they played their last games at the Oakland Coliseum, but they will have to be ready for a hot Seattle team here. The Mariners have played very well over the last few weeks, but they were just eliminated from postseason contention. Seattle is 46-32 at home this year, while Oakland is 31-47 on the road. The Athletics are starting JP Sears, who has been pretty strong for them this season, but has really fallen apart in his last three outings. I think the A’s could have a hard time getting focused in this game and I don’t like what I have seen from Sears, so give me the Mariners -1.5 here. 

David’s Pick
Mariners -1.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-27/oakland-athletics-vs-seattle-mariners-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
