Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
MLB partners with HeadCount to register fans to vote
Share
MLB partners with HeadCount to register fans to vote
September 19th, 2023
Share

New York, NY (September 19, 2023) – Renowned, non-partisan civic engagement organization HeadCount is launching a new partnership with Major League Baseball (MLB) that begins this season to register voters in ballparks at MLB games. This effort is operating through the new MLB Together initiative in a pilot phase during the 2023 season that will initially include nearly half of MLB Clubs with plans to expand to more throughout the League in the future.

Activations at ballparks, which started in late June and will run through the end of the season, brings voter registration and engagement booths for fans attending those games, at which Headcount volunteers register fans to vote or sign them up for local election alerts.

This partnership is a continuation of MLB’s efforts that began in 2020 to engage fans and baseball personnel on voter education and registration. These efforts include an MLB relationship with the non-partisan Civic Alliance and Clubs all over the U.S. previously hosting voter registration drives at their ballparks.

HeadCount and MLB launched their partnership during the Miami Marlins vs. Boston Red Sox series at Fenway Park in late June. By the end of the season, the roster of Clubs to participate in this program will include the Atlanta Braves, Baltimore Orioles, Chicago White Sox, Kansas City Royals, Minnesota Twins, New York Mets, Oakland Athletics, San Francisco Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, Tampa Bay Rays and Texas Rangers. (See full schedule of activations in 2023 below). 

The Braves and Rangers will each feature HeadCount voter registration activations on September 19, 2023 – National Voter Registration Day – with the Orioles and White Sox rounding out the balance of this year’s program at their ballparks.

“We are thrilled to bring this opportunity to our fans to become actively involved in the democratic process,” said April Brown, Senior Vice President of Social Responsibility, MLB. “We are proud to work together with our clubs in a non-partisan effort as we actively engage our fans in the voter registration process to support the candidates of their choice.”

“HeadCount is thrilled to partner with Major League Baseball this season, and expand our reach deeper into the sports world. Working with clubs coast-to-coast brings us to new markets, helps us engage with a wider swath of volunteers, and provides new opportunities to turn fans into voters. This exciting new program celebrates the union of two of America’s most beloved pastimes: baseball and democracy.” said Whitt Bell, Director of Partnerships & Events

For more information visit HeadCount.org. 

The partnership is part of “MLB Together,” the League’s new platform emphasizing Baseball’s efforts to make important societal contributions through the power of partnership and community. MLB Together embodies the sport’s guiding principles of community engagement, nonprofit partnerships, social impact and volunteerism. The platform also features a new mental health and wellness initiative geared toward youth. MLB Together serves as an ongoing call-to-action for everyone across the game, including fans, to get involved in their communities through a diverse offering of goodwill, legacy and charitable programs. More information about this work, which MLB, its Clubs and its partners have been committed to for decades, is available at MLBTogether.com.

Related
Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Did you like this story?
You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/major-league-baseball-partners-with-headcount-to-register-fans-to-vote 
 ----- 
