Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
Logan O’Hoppe, Zach Neto homer, but Rays rally late to top Angels
The Angels’ Logan O’Hoppe circles the bases on a solo home run off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Taj Bradley during the fourth inning Tuesday in St. Petersburg, Fla. (Chris O’Meara / Associated Press)
By Mark Didtler
Associated Press
Sept. 19, 2023 6:41 PM PT
Share

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. —  Osleivis Basabe hit a tiebreaking two-run double in a four-run eighth inning, and the playoff-bound Tampa Bay Rays beat the Angels 6-2 on Tuesday night.

Tampa Bay loaded the bases with one out against Aaron Loup (2-3) before Basabe lined his hit to center over the head of former Rays player Brett Phillips. René Pinto followed with a single that drove in two more runs.

“I was a little anxious going into that at-bat, especially after having a couple strikeouts earlier in the day,” Basabe said through an interpreter. “I knew I had hit it well. I didn’t realize he was playing so far in. Once I saw that he was running back, I was hoping it would score those runs.”

Basabe was called up from triple-A Durham last month when Wander Franco was placed on administrative leave indefinitely by Major League Baseball while authorities in the Dominican Republic investigate the Rays’ All-Star shortstop for an alleged relationship with a minor.

Randy Arozarena homered for the American League wild card-leading Rays, who started the day 2½ games behind first-place Baltimore in the AL East. The Orioles, who were playing the Houston Astros, hold the tiebreaker.

“We’re playing for the division,” Arozarena said through an interpreter. “The 10 games from here on out are very important for us in order to win that division.”

Logan O’Hoppe and Zach Neto homered for the Angels, who have lost six in a row. Randal Grichuk departed with two outs in the ninth after being hit by a high pitch by Shawn Armstrong.

Angels manager Phil Nevin said the pitch got Grichuk “pretty square” on the helmet extension that protects the face.

“He seems to checking out fine,” Nevin said.

ANGELS

Shohei Ohtani has elbow procedure, expects to play next year and pitch in 2025
Sept. 19, 2023

Tampa Bay needed just five pitches to take a 2-0 lead in the first when Yandy Díaz had a leadoff double and Arozarena followed with his 23rd homer off Patrick Sandoval.

Díaz had three hits to lift his batting average from from .319 to .323.

O’Hoppe made it 2-1 on a fourth-inning homer off rookie Taj Bradley. Neto tied it at 2 against Robert Stephenson (3-4) in the eighth.

Sandoval gave up two runs and five hits in five innings.

“After the first three hitters, I thought he threw the ball very well,” Nevin said. “It’s just the pitch count [of 100] got high. No reason to push him any further.”

Bradley gave up one run and three hits over five innings and had his winless streak reach 10 starts, dating to June 27.

Nolan Schanuel walked in the third to reach base in 23 straight games to start his career. It ties the St. Louis Cardinals’ Luis Alicea for the fifth-longest run since 1961.

It was announced before the game that Angels star Shohei Ohtani had elbow surgery Tuesday, and his doctor said he expects the two-way star will be available as a hitter on opening day next season and will return to the mound as a pitcher in 2025.

Ohtani tore the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow Aug. 23, ending his pitching season. He continued as a batter through Sept. 3 until an oblique strain.

More to Read
Angels fall to Tigers as losing streak extends to six
Aug. 27, 2024
Zach Neto homers as Angels end Royals’ winning streak
Aug. 20, 2024
Mickey Moniak and Logan O’Hoppe stop their slumps to lift Angels over Braves
Aug. 16, 2024
ANGELS
More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-19/angels-vs-tampa-bay-rays-recap 
 ----- 
