Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes XI Vs Algeria Desert Foxes:  Byaruhanga, Mato drifted to starting line- up for hosts
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JUNE 10, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)

FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers (Group G):

Monday, June 10, 2024

Uganda Vs Algeria

Venue: Mandela National Stadium, Namboole (Kick off 7 PM)

Uganda Cranes’ head coach Paul Put has named the starting eleven to face the Algeria Desert Foxes during the group G of the FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifiers at Mandela National Stadium.

There are two changes to the side that won 1-0 over Botswana Zebras on match day three.

Midfielder Bobosi Byaruhanga and Rogers Kassim Mato, two second half substitutes from the Botswana game are drifted to the starting line-up for Uganda.

The rest of the nine players on the starting team are maintained from the Friday game.

Bin Abdul Rashid Watenga is captain and the goalkeeper of the team.

Semakula starts at right back as Isaac Muleme takes the left back responsibilities.

Halidi Lwaliwa and Elio Capradossi are the central defensive partners.

Bobosi Byaruhanga and the hard tackling Ronald Ssekiganda are in midfield alongside Travis Mutyaba in a more advanced role.

Aziz Fahad Bayo leads the line as Rogers Kassim Mato and Travis Mutyaba play second fiddle roles.

The match center referee is Adissa Abdul Raphiou Ligali from Benin.

Team Line Ups:

Uganda XI: Bin Abdul Rashid Watenga (G.K, Captain), Kenneth Semakula, Isaac Muleme, Halidi Lwaliwa, Elio Capradossi, Bobosi Byaruhanga, Ronald Ssekiganda, Aziz Fahad Bayo, Rogers Kassim Mato, Travis Mutyaba, Steven Desse Mukwala

Subs: Nafian Alionzi Legason (G.K), Chrispas Kusiima (G.K), Rogers Kassim Mato, Denis Omedi, Ibrahim Kasule, Muhammad Shaban Jagason, Bobosi Byaruhanga, Nicholas Mwere, Ronald Otti, Joel Sserunjogi, Timothy Dennis Awany, Umar Lutalo, Elvis Bwomono, Allan Okello

Head coach: Joseph Paul Put

Uganda Cranes XI
Algeria XI
Match officials for Uganda Vs Algeria
Uganda Cranes Goalkeepers warming up
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Padel Sport: Legendary Afrigo Band to light up Herman Padel Center official opening in Nsambya
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/06/10/uganda-cranes-xi-vs-algeria-desert-foxes-byaruhanga-mato-drifted-to-starting-line-up-for-hosts/ 
 ----- 
