Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Preview: Uganda vs Algeria – 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
JUNE 9, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Uganda Cranes players in a prayer session | Credit: Don Mugabi Credit: John Philip Mugabi

Monday June 10, 2024

Mandela National stadium, Namboole 7pm

Uganda Cranes will be hoping to maintain the same positive momentum in Group G of the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers when they host Algeria on Monday at Namboole

Following defeat in their opener (2-1 vs Guinea), Uganda have now won two matches in succession including the 1-0 win over Botswana on Friday.

Victory put the Cranes on six points, same as Algeria who lost 2-1 at home to Guinea as well as Mozambique and the Guinea team themselves.

Head-to-Head

Overall, this will be the 15th meeting between the two nations with Algeria edging the previous 14 with 6 wins against Uganda 3. [D5].

Uganda Cranes XI that started against Algeria in our last meeting with the Desert Foxes| Credit: Fufa

However, this will be the first ever meeting in a World Cup qualifying match.

The most famous meetings in Kampala have all yielded wins for Uganda – the 2-1 win in 1973 and same score line in 1998 when debutant Hassan Mubiru notched a brace as well as the 4-1 win at Nakivubo stadium in 1983 in an Olympics qualifiers match.

However, the last three meetings have all ended with victory for the Desert Foxes including back-to-back defeats for Uganda in the 2023 Afcon qualifiers.

Team News

Khalid looks dejected. Credit: John Batanudde

Khalid Aucho remains a doubt for the game after he also missed the win over Botswana with an injury suffered on club duty.

Besides him, the rest of the players in camp are fit leaving Paul Put with enormous options.

For Algeria, several players including star man Riyad Mahrez are out just like Islam Sliman, Ramy Bansebaini and Youcef Atal.

How could Uganda line up?

Following their impressive performance off the bench, Paul Put could restore Rogers Mato, Bobosi Byaruhanga and Muhammad Shaban into the starting eleven.

Denis Omedi and Muhammad Shaban | Credit: Philip Mugabi

That could mean dropping Okello for Mato, Mukwala or Bayo for Shaban and then institute Bobosi in the middle for either Kenneth Ssemakula or Elvis Bwomono.

Kitara FC striker Denis Omedi also impressed with a brilliant assist off the bench but could still be a useful change.

Expected line ups:

Uganda: Watenga (GK) ©, Capradossi, Lwaliwa, Muleme, Ssemakula, Ssekiganda, Bobosi, Mutyaba, Mato, Shaban, Bayo.

Algeria: Mandrea; Atal, Mandi, Tougaii, Ait-Nouri; Bentaleb, Aouar, Brahimi; Benrahma, Benzia, Gouiri

Prediction

Cranes will be confident going into this game and with home support at Namboole, they are always a different opponent. Algeria, on the other hand are not in their usual good form but will not want to drop six points in this window and will give it everything for a point.

Uganda 1-1 Algeria.

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Brian Ssenyondo: Uganda U-17 head coach now focuses to achieve FIFA World Cup dream
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/06/09/preview-uganda-vs-algeria-2026-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
