Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Story homers and scores winning run as Red Sox beat Rays 2-1
1 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story celebrates his home run off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Ryan Pepiot during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

2 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Tanner Houck pitches to the Tampa Bay Rays during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

3 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Masataka Yoshida, of Japan, strikes out against Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Ryan Pepiot during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

4 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox manager Alex Cora watches against the Tampa Bay Rays during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

5 of 14 |  

Tampa Bay Rays’ Ryan Pepiot pitches to the Boston Red Sox during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

6 of 14 |  

Tampa Bay Rays center fielder Jonny DeLuca crashes into the wall chasing a double by Boston Red Sox’s Triston Casas during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

7 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox third baseman Rafael Devers throws out Tampa Bay Rays’ Junior Caminero at first base during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

8 of 14 |  

Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Ryan Pepiot rubs a new baseball as Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story runs the bases after his home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

9 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story celebrates his solo home run off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Ryan Pepiot with third base coach Kyle Hudson (84) during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

Read More
10 of 14 |  

Tampa Bay Rays’ Josh Lowe watches his single off Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Tanner Houck during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

11 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story singles off Tampa Bay Rays relief pitcher Drew Rasmussen during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

12 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Jarren Duran watches his RBI single off Tampa Bay Rays relief pitcher Drew Rasmussen that scored Trevor Story during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

13 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox shortstop Trevor Story forces Tampa Bay Rays’ Brandon Lowe (8) at second base and relays the throw to first in time to turn a double play on Jonathan Aranda during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

Read More
14 of 14 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story (10) steals second base as the ball gets away from Tampa Bay Rays shortstop Taylor Walls during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)

BY  MARK DIDTLER
Updated 2:21 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Trevor Story homered in the sixth inning then scored the winning run on Jarren Duran’s single in the eighth as the Boston Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2-1 on Wednesday night.

Story opened the eighth with a comebacker single off Drew Rasmussen (0-2). After stealing second and third, he scored when Duran grounded his hit to right past a drawn-in infield.

“That’s fun,” Story said. “I feel like that’s the type of baseball we can play.”

Boston had dropped nine of its previous 10 road games.

Justin Slaten (6-2) worked out of a first-and-third, no-out jam in the seventh for the win and Kenley Jansen, the fifth Red Sox reliever, worked the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances.

Jansen was checked out after walking Austin Shenton on four pitches with two outs, but remained in the game. He also walked Taylor Walls but struck out Logan Driscoll on a 3-2 pitch to end it.

“He’s been dealing with some shoulder stuff,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. “It felt like he was favoring it or whatever you want to call it. I checked with him, (and) he’s like ‘I am good to go.’ We’ll know more tonight or tomorrow and we’ll see where we’re at.”

RELATED STORIES
Red Sox and Aroldis Chapman finalize $10.75 million, one-year contract
Red Sox agree with LHP Aroldis Chapman to one-year, $10.75 million deal, AP source says
Red Sox hope their offseason has produced a deeper pitching staff and (maybe) a 6-man rotation

Boston moved within four games — while Tampa Bay remained six back — of Minnesota for the final AL wild card. The Red Sox and Rays both have 10 games left and also would have to overtake Seattle and Detroit.

The Red Sox start a three-game series with the Twins on Friday night at Fenway Park.

Boston had only one baserunner against Ryan Pepiot before Story tied it at 1-all with a leadoff homer in the sixth.

Pepiot struck out a career-high 12 in six innings. He struck out the side on nine pitches in the fifth for the fourth immaculate inning in team history and the first since José Alvarado did it against Milwaukee on Aug, 4, 2017.

“You have got to have some pretty good stuff going that night to do that,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “These hitters are really good, and he had it going.”

Pepiot allowed one run and two hits after being pulled in his previous start on Sept. 12 after two innings in a precautionary move because his velocity was down.

“I think I felt the same today as I did last one,” Pepiot said. “Ball was just coming out (today). So, I really don’t have any better answer than that.”

Rays left fielder Christopher Morel made a leaping catch at the wall to take away an extra-base hit from Triston Casas with two on and two out in the seventh.

Walls’ second-inning RBI single off Tanner Houck put the Rays up 1-0.

Houck gave up one run, four hits and struck out four over four innings in his first start since Sept. 4. The right-hander was on a pitch count after being slowed by right shoulder fatigue.

“I felt good,” Houck said. “I felt strong.”

Houck plans to make his final two starts of the regular season.

“This year is not done by any means,” Houck said. “We’ve got some meaningful games to play and continue this push. We know we’ve got a little bit of hole to dig out of. I trust everybody in the locker room are going to show up and do the right thing.”

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Zack Littell (7-9, 3.73 ERA) will start Thursday night’s series finale. RHP Brayan Bello (14-7, 4.60) will start for the Red Sox.

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't delay motherhood for higher...
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/red-sox-rays-score-ada3cef406c2daefefe363b50e8f111d 
 ----- 
