Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Story's power, speed provide much-needed spark for Sox
Share
Story's power, speed provide much-needed spark for Sox
September 19th, 2024

Ian Browne

@IanMBrowne
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. PETERSBURG -- It was about three weeks ago when Red Sox manager Alex Cora, anticipating Trevor Story’s late-season return, said, “We’ll take the athlete.”

And there the athlete was at Tropicana Field on Wednesday night, when the Red Sox desperately needed a spark -- any type of spark.

Behind Story, the Sox edged out the Rays, 2-1, to get back to .500 and improve to 2-4 heading into the finale of a seven-game road trip. With the Twins losing, the Red Sox pulled back within four games of the third and final American League Wild Card spot.

Complete coverage: Red Sox’s clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

It was Story who belted a game-tying homer against Ryan Pepiot, who was in the late stages of the best start of his career, and it was Story who led off the eighth with an infield hit, then stole second and third before scoring the go-ahead run on a single by Jarren Duran.

“We talk about the athlete,” said Cora. “We turned a nice double play, 5-6-3. [Triston] Casas did a good job at first, too. The 3-6-3. The homer, the stolen bases, that’s the player we envision. We’ve just got to keep him on the field.”

In Story’s first season in Boston in 2022, he was limited to 94 games due to a hairline fracture in his right hand and a left heel contusion.

Primed to be the starting shortstop following the departure of Xander Bogaerts in 2023, Story instead had to have right elbow surgery in the offseason and played just 43 games.

He seemed primed for a full load of games this year after his first healthy offseason in years, only to fracture his left shoulder in the eighth game of the season. To the surprise of everyone -- including Story -- it turned out not to be a season-ending injury despite the initial prognosis following surgery that he would be sidelined for six months.

Story pushed hard to bump up the timetable, and returned to action on Sept. 7.

While Boston’s offense was nearly shut down entirely by Pepiot (six innings, two hits, one run, no walks, 12 strikeouts), it was Story who came through with the big swing to lead off the sixth, hammering his second homer of the season at an exit velocity of 105.2 mph and a Statcast-projected distance of 394 feet.

Related
Red Sox reach deals with pitching trio; Duran could be headed to arbitration

2:57 AM UTC

Hendriks kicks off closer competition at frigid Fenway

January 9th, 2025

Will Red Sox deploy a 6-man rotation in 2025?

January 6th, 2025

The Story writes itself in shortstop's return: 'It was a good night'

September 8th, 2024

Story set for rehab stint with Triple-A Worcester

August 30th, 2024

Giants’ Fitzgerald adds to history of rookie HR binges

August 11th, 2024

“He was throwing the ball really well,” Story said of Pepiot. “He kind of had that exploding fastball and I missed underneath the first time. … He was throwing a lot of them, so I was ready for that next time around, and just tried to be direct and keep it simple and make things happen.”

Story made things happen again in the eighth. It started with some good fortune, as Story’s 57.7 mph grounder went off pitcher Drew Rasmussen’s body and into no-man’s land for a single. Then came the back-to-back stolen bases, which put Jarren Duran in position to belt a single into right to score Story and give the Red Sox the lead.

“You know, we do our preparation,” said Story. “And [first base coach Andy Fox], he lets us know the tendencies, and I took off. And then once [Enmanuel Valdez] flew out, I was trying to get to third base with one out. I had a feeling he was going to kind of no-look it and I got a good jump so that was it.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

On a night Boston improved to 9-52 when scoring less than four runs, the club won a game while scoring less than three runs for the first time since May 26 against the Brewers.

Even if the chances of making the postseason have grown slim for the Red Sox, Story will make sure the club gives max effort over the final 10 games.

“It’s big,” Story said. “Every win is big. Every time we come here, we're preparing, we're competing to win. This is the big leagues and we take that very seriously. We owe it to our fans. We owe it to ourselves. We owe it to everybody here to show up and try to make that happen.”

While Story was pretty much the whole offense, Tanner Houck made a strong return from right shoulder fatigue, holding the Rays to four hits and a run over four innings while pitching for the first time since Sept. 4.

Though things got dicey for Kenley Jansen in the ninth, he locked down career save No. 447 while battling some discomfort in his right shoulder.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Boston Red Sox
Trevor Story

Supervising Club Reporter Ian Browne has covered the Red Sox for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/trevor-story-propels-red-sox-to-win-over-rays 
 ----- 
