Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Shane Baz Tosses Another Gem Against Boston Red Sox, Makes Tampa Bay Rays History
Tampa Bay Rays right-hander Shane Baz continued his torrid comeback against the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night, allowing just two hits and two earned runs in 7.0 innings.
Sam Connon | Sep 18, 2024
Sep 17, 2024; St. Petersburg, Florida, USA; Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Shane Baz (11) throws a pitch against the Boston Red Sox during the first inning at Tropicana Field. / Kim Klement Neitzel-Imagn Images
In this story:
Tampa Bay Rays
Boston Red Sox

Shane Baz, who did not play at all in 2023 and didn't make his 2024 debut until July, has suddenly become one of baseball's hottest pitchers.

The Tampa Bay Rays right-hander went 7.0 innings deep against the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday, allowing just two hits and two earned runs. That set the table for the Rays to win 8-3, as Baz improved to 3-3 on the season in the process.

Over his last five starts, Baz is 3-1 with a 2.03 ERA, 0.742 WHIP and .119 batting average against. He has tossed at least 5.0 innings in each of those outings, never once giving up more than three hits.

As noted by Bally Sports Sun, that makes Baz the first pitcher in Rays history to post five straight starts of 5.0-plus innings with three-or-fewer hits allowed. The previous franchise record belonged to Blake Snell and Shane McClanahan, who had streaks of four such starts in a row back in 2018 and 2022, respectively.

Baz is now 3-3 with a 3.21 ERA, 1.114 WHIP and 1.7 WAR through 12 starts this season.

The 25-year-old right-hander underwent arthroscopic elbow surgery in March 2022, then had Tommy John surgery in September 2022. That cost him the entire 2023 season, and he couldn't even start a minor league rehab assignment until late May 2024.

Nearly two years post-operation, Baz has the green light to toss 90-plus pitches, doing so in five of his last seven starts. Between his innings-eating capabilities and tendency to force swings and misses, Baz has proven himself a key part of Tampa Bay's pitching staff moving forward.

The Rays will also be getting McClanahan back from Tommy John in 2025, just like they got Baz, Drew Rasmussen and Jeffrey Springs back in 2024. That group, plus Taj Bradley, Ryan Pepiot and Zack Littell, could combine to give Tampa Bay one of the top rotations in the game moving forward.

Baz's next start will likely come against the Toronto Blue Jays on Sunday.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 18, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/shane-baz-tosses-another-gem-against-boston-red-sox-makes-tampa-bay-rays-history-five-consecutive-starts-5-innings-3-hits-post-tommy-john-surgery-01j82kaerabt 
 ----- 
