NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Grizzlies' Zach Edey sustains ankle injury vs. Nuggets, is unable to return
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
November 18, 2024 - 12:10pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:e357932d61e3891a812f2006 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Watch as Memphis Grizzlies' Zach Edey is forced to leave the game with an apparent ankle injury after rolling it twice in Sunday's contest against the Denver Nuggets.
1 comments

Zach Edey's night came to an abrupt end on Sunday.

The Toronto, Ont., native was forced to leave the Memphis Grizzlies' game against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday with a left ankle injury and was unable to return. 

Edey rolled the ankle twice, returning to the game after the initial incident, only to sustain a similar ankle inversion a second time. He limped to the bench and needed assistance to the locker room, according to Drew Hill of the Daily Memphian.

The Canadian-born big man is averaging 11.5 points and 6.9 rebounds this season, third and first among NBA rookies respectively.  

Edey won Naismith College Player of the Year in both his junior and senior seasons at Purdue, before being selected 14th overall by the Grizzlies in the 2024 NBA draft.  

With Edey out, Jaren Jackson Jr. and Jay Huff will see the majority of the minutes at centre for the Grizzlies.  

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
NBA fines Doc Rivers for comments about call refs admitted was wrong
Tatum travelled before game-winning bucket against Raptors, NBA says
MORE NEWS
NHLJustin Bourne
Forecasting the tight East playoff race
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
1:01
NHLSportsnet Video
Maple Leafs' Berube seeing a 'lack of confidence' in Nylander right now
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
2:10
NBASportsnet Video
Is Raptors' Gradey Dick in the midst of a sophomore slump?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: Pop agrees to terms
NBASportsnet Staff
Kawhi steps away from Clippers due to fires
NFLSportsnet Staff
NFL outlines options for playoff game in L.A.
NHLSportsnet Staff
Rangers' Shesterkin to return from injury
NHLSportsnet Staff
Penguins' Malkin a game-time decision vs. Oilers
NHLIain MacIntyre
Canucks pleased with effort despite another OT loss

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/basketball/article/grizzlies-zach-edey-sustains-injury-vs-nuggets-is-unable-return/ 
 ----- 
