 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Health
Business
Opinion
Sports
Obituaries
Best of Oxford
Lifestyle
Special Sections
Local Sponsored
Records
Classifieds
Public Notices
E-Edition
Services
About Us
Policies
Newsletter Sign-up form
NBA Best Bets: Grizzlies vs. Nuggets Picks for November 19

Published 10:37 am Monday, November 18, 2024

By Data Skrive

The Memphis Grizzlies (8-6) are favored (by 3.5 points) to build on a four-game home winning streak when they host the Denver Nuggets (7-5) on Tuesday, November 19, 2024 at 8:00 PM ET.

For the best bets you can place on Tuesday’s game, based on our computer predictions, keep reading.

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Watch the NBA, other live sports and more on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Use our link to sign up for a free trial.

Grizzlies vs. Nuggets Game Info
When: Tuesday, November 19, 2024 at 8:00 PM ET
Where: FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee
TV: ALT, KTVD, and FDSSE
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Sign up for NBA League Pass to get access to games, live and on-demand, and more for the entire season and offseason.

Grizzlies vs. Nuggets Best Bets

Place your bets on any NBA matchup at BetMGM. Sign up today using our link.

Pick ATS: Grizzlies (- 3.5)
Against the spread, Memphis is 9-5-0 this season.
Denver has four wins in 12 games against the spread this season.
As 3.5-point favorites or more, the Grizzlies are 3-3 against the spread.
The Nuggets have two wins ATS (2-1) as a 3.5-point underdog or greater this season.

Bet on this game’s spread with BetMGM

Pick OU:

Over (227.5)



The Grizzlies and their opponents have combined to score more than 227.5 points in nine of 14 games this season.
The Nuggets have combined with their opponent to score more than 227.5 points in eight of 12 games this season.
Memphis has an average total of 228.6 in its matchups this year, 1.1 more points than this game’s over/under.
Denver’s average game total this season has been 223.7, 3.8 more points than this matchup’s over/under.
The Grizzlies are the third-highest scoring team in the NBA this year. The Nuggets have scored the 27th-most points.
The Grizzlies are the NBA’s 20th-ranked scoring defense while the Nuggets are the fourth-ranked.

Bet on this game’s total with BetMGM

Moneyline Pick: Grizzlies (-175)
This season, the Grizzlies have been favored nine times and won six of those games.
The Nuggets have come away with one win in the three contests they have been listed as the underdogs in this season.
Memphis has a record of 3-3 when it’s favored by -175 or more by oddsmakers this season.
This season, Denver has come away with a win one time in two chances when named as an underdog of at least +145 or worse on the moneyline.
The bookmakers’ moneyline implies a 63.6% chance of a victory for the Grizzlies.

Bet on this game’s moneyline with BetMGM

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE BETTING PREVIEW
NBA Best Bets: Kings vs. Grizzlies Picks for January 3
Titans vs. Texans: Odds, Moneyline, and Spread – Week 18
Ole Miss vs. Duke Gator Bowl Best Bets, Predictions & Odds – Jan. 2
NBA Best Bets: Suns vs. Grizzlies Picks for December 31
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
How to Watch Memphis vs. North Texas Women’s Basketball on TV or Live Stream – January 4

The North Texas Eagles (10-4) will try to build on a three-game winning run when visiting the Memphis…

Where to Watch Nashville Predators vs. Calgary Flames on TV or Streaming Live – January 4

The Nashville Predators (12-20-7) visit the Calgary Flames (18-13-7) as a part of Saturday’s NHL action, starting at…

Predators vs. Flames Injury Report Today – January 4

Ahead of their Saturday, January 4 matchup with the Calgary Flames (18-13-7) at Scotiabank Saddledome, which begins at…

How to Watch SEC College Basketball Games – Saturday, January 4

SEC teams will be on Saturday’s college basketball schedule for eight games, including the Arkansas Razorbacks taking on…

How to Watch Ole Miss vs. Georgia on TV or Live Stream – January 4

The No. 24 Ole Miss Rebels (11-2, 0-0 SEC) welcome in the Georgia Bulldogs (12-1, 0-0 SEC) after…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Friends2Follow
Polls

What's Your Favorite Way to Welcome Fall

 Pumpkin Spice Everything — From lattes to candles, I can’t get enough of it!
 Cozy Nights In — Snuggling up with a blanket, hot drink, and a good book or movie
 Outdoor Adventures — Hiking, apple picking, or just enjoying the crisp fall air.
 Outdoor Adventures — Hiking, apple picking, or just enjoying the crisp fall air.
 Football Season — I’m all about the game day snacks, tailgates, and cheering for my team
 Football Season — I’m all about the game day snacks, tailgates, and cheering for my team
 Halloween Prep — Planning costumes, carving pumpkins, and getting spooky decorations ready!

View Results

Sections
Home
News
Sports
Health
Obituaries
Opinion
Lifestyle
Local Sponsored
Photos
Classifieds
E-Edition
Small Business
Services
About Us
Subscribe
Policies
Newsletter Sign-up form
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Sign Up for Our E-Newsletter
Copyright
© 2025, The Oxford Eagle
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oxfordeagle.com/2024/11/18/nba-best-bets-grizzlies-vs-nuggets-picks-for-november-19/ 
 ----- 
