EPL

Transfer News
Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Arsenal vs Newcastle Live Updates
Dortmund Consider Rashford Move
Live Transfer Updates
Aubameyang Exclusive
The Transfer DealSheet
The Premier League’s growing problem of away fans in ‘wrong’ end
By Joey D'Urso
Oct 29, 2023

320

Next month, Fulham will host Manchester United at Craven Cottage and adult tickets will cost between £67 for seats behind the goal and £160 for seats in the Riverside Stand. The Fulham Supporters’ Trust (FST) plans to protest the club’s “misguided” new price scheme which will make watching football “unaffordable” for many fans.

But there’s an element to this furore which nobody wants to admit: it is likely many of those top-priced seats will be sold to United supporters eyeing up an opportunity to watch one of the world’s best-supported teams in a prime London location.

Tickets for the game — of added appeal given Fulham’s proximity to the capital’s glitziest areas — are changing hands for many times their face value on reselling websites.

GO DEEPER

Highs of £240, lows of £9: How much does a Premier League ticket cost?

There is no way of knowing exactly how many of those in the home end will be supporting United — surely still a small minority — but it is telling that Fulham is the only club in English football to have once had a dedicated section for “neutral” fans (which no longer exists).

In most sports and in most countries, there are no clear distinctions between ‘home’ and ‘away’ sections and rival fans rub shoulders with each other while wearing opposite kits.

This can be seen happening right now in the Rugby World Cup in France or the Cricket World Cup in India. At American sports games, it is common for fans to wear jerseys of teams who are not even playing in that particular match, while in many European leagues there simply is not a big culture of travelling away fans, so there is no need for strict segregation.

But in England, with its relatively navigable geography generating a fervent away-fan culture, strict segregation is deeply ingrained in footballing culture. Overtly supporting the ‘wrong’ team is not just taboo but banned by every club.

But as Premier League football cements its place as the world’s most popular sports league and away tickets get harder and harder to come by, the prevalence of fans sitting in the ‘wrong end’ is likely to only increase.

While across the league there is zero tolerance for overt support for away fans in the home end, everybody accepts that it goes on.

“It’s a bit of an issue,” admits one Premier League club official — who spoke on the condition of anonymity to protect their position — and says ticket policies are constantly being tweaked to lower the chance of any trouble. “It’s an emotive one and it flares up now and again. We encourage home fans to report it.”

Even if they are sensible enough not to wear club colours, other details like someone’s accent or phone background can give the game away, or even lead to false accusations.

“It’s all about context,” says Michael Brunskill of the Football Supporters’ Association. “If you’re not acting like an idiot, there’s no issue.”

“We don’t get many complaints because people know to keep their head down.”

It has long been the case that fans often sit in the ‘wrong’ end, particularly at the biggest clubs where getting away tickets is extremely difficult for those without season tickets and many years of accumulated loyalty points.

While demand for tickets increases and stadiums grow, away allocations are generally fixed at 3,000 seats or even lower in several stadiums like Bournemouth, Brentford and Luton Town, meaning fans often turn to getting a ticket among the home fans and keeping their heads down — or not.

	Brentford’s stadium has a capacity of 17,250, with availability outstripping fan demand (Stephanie Meek – CameraSport via Getty Images)

A particularly big occasion can exacerbate issues. There were fights in the West Bromwich Albion end when Chelsea fans bought seats to see them win the title in May 2017, in a game that meant little for West Brom.

While instances like this have always happened, the trend appears to be increasing.

Premier League popularity is increasing at breakneck speed, leaving Spain’s La Liga and Italy’s Serie A in its wake. England is the most sought-after place to watch club football in the world right now and demand for tickets is higher than ever. Stadiums are almost always full in a way that wasn’t the case 10-15 years ago.

GO DEEPER

Revealed: How every Premier League club's attendances compare historically

The increasing global popularity of the game means fans may be visiting from abroad who simply do not know the norms of English football, which are very different to elsewhere.

Last year, a video went viral of a fan wearing a Tottenham tracksuit in the home end at West Ham’s London Stadium. The supporter was abused by the West Ham fans around him as he was dragged out by stewards.

His demeanour suggested he had no idea this was not the done thing amid the sound and fury of a London derby, though he surely should have been stopped by security long before getting to his seat.

Goalkeeper-turned-YouTuber Ben Foster is a Watford legend, with 207 appearances for the club across three spells. But he got in hot water with fans in October 2021 when he gave two Watford tickets to the UFC star and Liverpool supporter Paddy Pimblett.

Pimblett was duly kicked out of Vicarage Road when celebrating an away goal in the home end as part of a 5-0 Liverpool win.

“Ben Foster, I love you lad but I hope you lot go down, you’re horrible,” he said in a video message recorded outside the ground.

This incident speaks to a familiar template: fans of one of the league’s biggest clubs choosing to watch their team in the home end of one of the league’s smaller names.

But, earlier this month, even Manchester United found their ticket systems violated when thousands of Galatasaray supporters could be seen celebrating in home areas at the end of a 3-2 Champions League win for the Turkish side at Old Trafford.

United says it is “investigating” what happened, with the Red News fanzine suggesting the club may have sold “premium” seats to Turkish fans unintentionally.

GO DEEPER

'We were surrounded by Galatasaray fans' - what happened at Old Trafford on Tuesday night

All clubs have strict policies against support for the away side in home areas, including hospitality boxes, though in practice there is no way of enforcing this if people behave themselves.

For most Premier League clubs, the best way of getting tickets short of holding a season ticket is to become a paid-up “member” of the club, which gives priority access to tickets — and fans of several clubs have told The Athletic they know this happens.

If people remain quiet and do not wear club colours, however, there is no real way of enforcing this.

But as the league continues its shift from a domestic football league to a global entertainment product — and desire for tickets gets higher and higher while supply barely budges — there are likely to be more tests for one of English football’s most deeply rooted conventions.

(Top photo: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4981221/2023/10/29/premier-league-fans-wrong-end/ 
 ----- 
