As it happened: Australia triumph as NZ fall agonisingly short of record chase in batter’s paradise

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
SportCricketCricket World Cup

This was published 1 year ago

As it happened: Australia triumph as NZ fall agonisingly short of record chase in batter’s paradise
By
Dan Walsh
Updated October 29, 2023 — 1.14amfirst published October 28, 2023 — 3.17pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
12
COMMENTS

View all comments

KEY POSTS
12.02am	Australia win absolute thriller with the last ball
11.07pm	Wicket: Ravindra falls to Cummins
10.53pm	Wicket: Phillips falls to Maxwell
10.48pm	Hundred: Ravindra raises 100 from just 77 balls
10.27pm	Wicket: Zampa strikes again with crucial breakthrough
9.57pm	Wicket: Zampa removes danger man Mitchell
8.44pm	Wicket: Starc takes a screamer
7.58pm	Poll: How close can NZ get to this record chase?
Hide key posts
Posts area
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 1.14am On Oct 29, 2023
Over and out

New Zealand’s stunning chase ensures their net run-rate stays in good shape and keeps them ahead of Australia in third place on the World Cup ladder.

Australia join them on eight points from four wins and two losses and are now sitting comfortably in fourth spot - two wins ahead of fifth-placed Sri Lanka. We’ve pretty much got our semi-finalists here along with India and South Africa already – it’s hard to see anyone slipping on a banana peel.

Australia get a week’s break before Saturday’s game against England and then Afghanistan and Bangladesh to round out the pool stage. The one real question for them is what to do with their middle order and Marnus Labuschagne, he might be a casualty when Marcus Stoinis is fit again.

New Zealand are on a tight turnaround in more ways than one – they face high-flying South Africa on Wednesday. Until next time, thanks all.

...

Want to unlock unlimited news?
Read more award-winning journalism from as little as 50c a day. Get started

Already a subscriber? Login to see the full article.

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
OpinionA two-tier system will save Test cricket. Here’s why
Webster spills beans on Australia’s post-series celebrations, but who went the hardest?
OpinionSam Konstas played a role for Australia. So why is he copping heat for it?
Top flight: Australia, England, India in talks to split Tests in two
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE

Welcome to Sydney Morning Herald

We value your privacy. With your consent we use data to do the following:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Agree

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/cricket-world-cup-live-australia-face-new-zealand-in-crucial-clash-20231027-p5efl8.html 
 ----- 
