Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Tatis rejoins lineup after 2 months on IL: 'I feel like I can do anything'
Share
Tatis rejoins lineup after 2 months on IL: 'I feel like I can do anything'
Right fielder goes 0-for-4 in return; Musgrove deals 6 scoreless to win opener vs. Tigers
September 3rd, 2024

Kyle Glaser

Share

0:01

1:07

SAN DIEGO -- Playing their 18th game in 18 days, the Padres received a highly anticipated boost to their lineup.

The Padres activated right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. from the 60-day injured list before Monday's 3-0 win over the Tigers at Petco Park. The two-time All-Star went 0-for-4 out of the No. 2 spot in the order and handled every defensive play in right field without issue.

With Tatis back, Joe Musgrove pitched six scoreless innings with only three hits allowed and eight strikeouts to earn the win. Luis Arraez went 2 for 4 with a pair of RBI singles, a run scored and a stolen base and Manny Machado added a two-out RBI single in the eighth to lead the offense.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“Feels amazing,” Tatis said prior to the game. “Especially what this team has been doing and how they've been taking care of business. I'm really excited to come and just join the squad.”

Tatis, 25, had been out of action since June 22 with a stress reaction in his right femur and missed the Padres’ last 59 games. The Padres went 38-21 in his absence and enter Tuesday five games behind the Dodgers in the NL West. They are one game up on the D-backs for the top NL Wild Card spot.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“We missed him,” said Musgove, who lowered his ERA to 1.30 in five starts since returning from an elbow injury on Aug. 12. “He's a big bat, his presence, his ability to track balls down on the outfield, you feel very confident filling up the zone and letting the defense work behind you.

“He's a guy that has been kind of the heart and soul of the team at times here. So, you know, missing him, we've done our best to stay above water and keep ourselves in a good position so that he can get himself healthy and come back when he's ready. It was nice to have him back.”

Related
Predicting the major award winners for 2025

December 31st, 2024

Here are the Top 10 Padres rookie seasons

October 18th, 2024

Manny's side step, Tatis' stutter step put Padres one stride from NLCS

October 9th, 2024

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

The Padres optioned outfielder Bryce Johnson to Triple-A El Paso and designated outfielder José Azocar for assignment in corresponding moves.

“Him coming back and being able to be on the field is a big lift,” manager Mike Shildt said. “I mean, his energy is great. It's infectious. I can't speak for him, but I know he's excited and talking to him about how good he feels, about how well the team’s played, and the energy to the team and how everything's going, he's just ready to do his part.”

Tatis spent a week playing in a controlled environment at the team's Spring Training complex in Peoria, Ariz., before being activated. He took “close to 30” at-bats, he said, while getting reps in right field both during games and practice drills. He also has been running at 100% for about two weeks.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

He opted to forgo a Minor League rehab stint to rejoin a Padres team in the stretch run toward the postseason.

“It was really good at-bats,” Tatis said. “Barrel was alive the entire time. And just got my confidence back, which is what I needed.”

Tatis’ injury is not 100% healed, but he has been cleared by doctors to play and can do everything without restriction. He said the lack of full health is felt in his recovery after games, but he expects to play every day.

“It's not 100% ... but I feel good moving forward. I feel really confident, and I feel like I can do anything out there on the baseball field.

“On a baseball field, you're never 100%, so it's part of this beautiful game.”

San Diego's offense overall has surged with a .764 team OPS in Tatis’ absence -- fourth-best in MLB -- though right field has been a weakness without him. Padres right fielders have posted a .723 OPS, ranked 21st in the Majors, since he went down.

Tatis was having an All-Star season before his injury, batting .279/.354/.468 with 14 homers, 36 RBIs and eight steals in 80 games.

“A lot of excitement going into this room today,” second baseman Xander Bogaerts said. “I mean, this guy, he can help us. We need it. We need him.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Fernando Tatis Jr.
San Diego Padres
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/fernando-tatis-jr-padres-femur-stress-reaction-activated-from-il 
 ----- 
