Skip to main content
Home
News
Sports
Business
Autos
Life + Home
Entertainment
Opinion
Obituaries
Weather
Advertise
Scores
eNewspaper
Puzzles
Newsletters
Podcasts
For Subscribers
Corrections
Contributor Content
Celebrate Michigan
Domestic violence rising in Metro Detroit counties, making one prosecutor 'fearful'
The number of domestic violence victims has increased in Metro Detroit's three counties, according to State Police data. Experts said reasons vary.
Lions learn opponent for NFC Divisional Round; kickoff, and how to watch
Detroit Lions fans' impossible dream keeps getting more probable
Canada's Trudeau urges US consumers to consider the harm of Trump's tariff threats
Politics 
Michigan basketball keeps rolling, handles Washington for fifth straight win
Wolverines 
Longtime UAW staffer, Wayne State governor Paul Massaron dies
Wayne County 
Dearborn schools install detectors to sniff out bathroom vaping
Wayne County
Malls facing new reality with Macy's closure
Business 
Families welcome snow, cold, Elsa from 'Frozen' at Detroit Fire and Ice Festival
Detroit 
No pants? No problem. London subway riders bare legs to brighten winter day
World 
Detroit Lions drone show in Windsor seen from Detroit
Photo
Get yours today: Detroit News historic Lions posters
Lions
Thompson: Lansing Democrats haven't posted many wins
Opinion 
Death toll rises to 24 as fire crews try to corral Los Angeles blazes
Nation 
Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 The Detroit News, a Digital First Media Newspaper
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.detroitnews.com/story/sports/mlb/tigers/2024/09/02/detroit-tigers-stymied-by-joe-musgrove-san-diego-padres-3-0/75046671007/ 
 ----- 
