Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Tigers
70-69, 35-35 Away
0
Final
Padres
79-61, 38-32 Home
3
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Musgrove throws 6 strong innings, Tatis goes hitless in his return as Padres beat Tigers 3-0
ByAP
Sep 3, 2024, 02:35 am

SAN DIEGO -- — Joe Musgrove pitched six strong innings and Fernando Tatis Jr. went 0 for 4 in his first game back since June 21 as the San Diego Padres beat the Detroit Tigers 3-0 on Monday.

Luis Arraez had two RBI singles for the Padres, who edged ahead of Arizona and into the NL's top wild card spot.

Tatis was activated from the 60-day injured list after being sidelined with a stress reaction in his right thighbone. The star right fielder received loud ovations during the pregame lineup announcements and when he ran out to his defensive position to start the game, gesturing to the fans along the way.

He grounded out twice — although he advanced two runners in the two-run eighth — fouled out and struck out.

“That was amazing. Amazing, man,” Tatis said. "The fans were incredible. Just amazing energy all the way around. Like I mentioned earlier, just happy to be back with the boys and just great W all the way around.

He said running to right field was “a beautiful feeling, man. I wish I could put it into words, but I had goosebumps, and my energy went right through the roof. And that was the push that I definitely needed and it was just beautiful all the way around.”

Tatis won both the NL Gold Glove Award and Platinum Glove Award in 2023, his first season playing right field.

Manager Mike Shildt said afterward that Yu Darvish will be activated in time to start Wednesday night. He has been out since May 30 due to injuries and a stint on the restricted list due to a personal family matter.

Musgrove said it was “awesome” having Tatis back.

“We've been missing him. He's a big bat and his presence, his ability to track balls down in the outfield, you feel very confident filling up the zone and letting the defense work behind you," Musgrove said. "He's a guy that's been kind of the heart and soul of the team at times here, so missing him, we've done our best to stay above water and keep ourselves in a good position so he can get himself healthy and come back when he's ready. It's nice to have him back.”

Musgrove (5-4) was making his fifth start since a 2 1/2-month stay on the injured list with right elbow inflammation. He held the Tigers to three hits while striking out eight and walking two.

The first two batters in the fourth reached before Musgrove retired the side. He put two runners on with two outs in the sixth before striking out Colt Keith.

“He's been lights out for us ever since he came back,” Manny Machado said. “To have him back healthy has been huge for us. We need him to get to where we want to get to and he's going out there and doing his part.”

“Guys are getting healthy. That's the most important part," Machado said. “The team is getting back to its old self.”

Robert Suarez pitched the ninth for his 31st save.

Tigers opener Tyler Holton went two innings before Brenan Hanifee (0-1) took over. Mason McCoy beat out an infield single with one out in the third and advanced on Hanifee's throwing error, and then scored on Arraez's single to right.

Arraez hit another RBI single in the eighth and Manny Machado added an RBI base hit.

Tatis ground out in the eighth but advanced Mason McCoy and Arraez. McCoy was thrown out at home on Jake Cronenworth's grounder, but Arraez advanced and then scored on Machado's single.

“I just loved his approach,” manager Mike Shildt said about Tatis. “Do what the game calls for, he sees a big hole, boom, ends up moving them over. I really love the intent of that.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Padres: While Tatis was activated, OF Bryce Johnson was optioned to Triple-A El Paso and DFA'd José Azocar. ... LF Jurickson Profar got his first day off since June 22.

UP NEXT

MLB wanted the Padres to take Monday off to break up a long stretch of games, but the team wanted to play on the holiday and take Tuesday off. Tigers RHP Keider Montero (4-6, 5.17 ERA) and Darvish (4-3, 3.20) are scheduled to start Wednesday night.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
Petco Park
10:40 PM, September 2, 2024
San Diego, California
Line: SD -205
Over/Under: 8.5
Attendance: 44,957
Game Time:
2:18
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Alex Tosi
First Base Umpire - Dan Bellino
Second Base Umpire - Phil Cuzzi
Third Base Umpire - Tony Randazzo
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
Privacybeleid
Gepersonaliseerde advertenties
Europese Privacy Regelgeving
Cookiebeleid
Support
Manage Privacy Preferences
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. Alle rechten voorbehouden.
Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 870 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap?gameId=401570533 
 ----- 
