 MENU
My Picks
Philadelphia Phillies vs Miami Marlins Prediction MLB Picks 9/7/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 6, 2024 11:23 pm
Miami Marlins (52-88) vs Philadelphia Phillies (84-56)
Game Info: Saturday, September 7, 2024 at 4:10 pm (loanDepot park)
Darren McCaughan (0-0) (8.24) vs Aaron Nola (12-6) (3.34)
Betting Odds: Miami Marlins +185 / Philadelphia Phillies -222 --- Over/Under: 8.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY, NBCSN

The Philadelphia Phillies and the Miami Marlins meet Saturday in MLB action from LoanDepot Park. Here’s a Philadelphia Phillies vs Miami Marlins prediction. This will be the third installment in a four-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Phillies vs Marlins pick. We will examine:

The Philadelphia Phillies' recent form and player performance

The Miami Marlins' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Philadelphia Phillies

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends in games played between the Phillies and Marlins

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Phillies vs Marlins game

Philadelphia Phillies Betting Preview

Philly took on the Toronto Blue Jays in their last set, losing both games 10-9 and 4-2. After a 5-2 win over Miami in the opener, on Friday the Phillies cruised to a 16-2 blowout win. Starter Zack Wheeler lasted 6.0 innings with one earned run.

In the starter slot for Philly on Saturday it’ll be Aaron Nola. So far Nola is 12-6 with a 3.29 ERA in 28 starts. Nola is 102-77 with a 3.67 ERA in 263 starts.

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

Over on the Marlins’ side, they played a pair versus the Washington Nationals this week, splitting those two. On Friday Miami coughed up a whopping 22 hits in the loss. Austin Kitchen gave up seven earned runs in 2.0 innings as a starter.

Darren McCaughan will start for the Marlins on Saturday. In his six games (one start) without a decision this year McCaughan has an 8.24 ERA. He’s got a 7.75 ERA in 11 career games (two starts).

Total Runs Facts
Each of the Marlins' last five-day games against NL East opponents has gone UNDER the total runs line.
Four of the Phillies' last five games as favorites have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the last five games between the Phillies and Marlins.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Phillies' last four road games.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Otto Lopez has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Marlins' last four-day games against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Otto Lopez has recorded a Double in three of the Marlins' last four games as home underdogs.
Jesus Sanchez has recorded at least one Single in five of the Marlins' last six games against NL opponents.
Otto Lopez has recorded an RBI in three of the Marlins' last four games as underdogs against NL opponents.
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one hit in 14 of his last 16 appearances against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Jake Burger has scored at least one run in three of the Marlins' last four games as underdogs against the Phillies.
Jake Burger has hit a home run in eight of the Marlins' last 16 games against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Philadelphia Phillies Player Prop Facts
Brandon Marsh has recorded a Double in three of the Phillies' last four games as road favorites.
Kyle Schwarber has hit at least one home run in three of the Phillies' last four road games against opponents that held a losing record.
Bryson Stott has recorded at least one RBI in four of the Phillies' last five games against opponents that held a losing record.
Aaron Nola has recorded eight or more strikeouts in five of his last six road appearances against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Kyle Schwarber has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Phillies' last six road games.
Bryson Stott has recorded at least one Single in each of his last seven appearances at LoanDepot Park against opponents that held a losing record.
Aaron Nola has recorded a win in four of his last five appearances in day games against NL teams that held a losing record.
Trea Turner has scored at least one run in each of the Phillies' last six games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
J.T. Realmuto has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances against the Marlins.
Philadelphia Phillies vs Miami Marlins Prediction

I’m staying with the Phillies. Nola is on a good run over his last trio. He’s 1-0 in those three with four combined earned runs in 18.1 innings of work. As for McCaughan, he’s coming off three earned in 4.0 innings versus the Giants.

On Friday the Phillies scored at least three runs in four different innings and led 7-0 after just two frames. It was a dominant effort on both sides, as the pitching staff gave up just five hits and two earned. I like Philly to keep it going Saturday.

Andrew’s Pick
Philadelphia Phillies -222
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-07/philadelphia-phillies-vs-miami-marlins-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
