YOU ARE HERE Home » MLB News: Pittsburgh Pirates Bryan Reynolds Claps Back At Harsh Comments From Chicago Cubs Manager
MLB NEWS
MLB News: Pittsburgh Pirates Bryan Reynolds Claps Back At Harsh Comments From Chicago Cubs Manager
By Tyler Koerth_September 22, 2023No Comments3 Mins Read
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Sep 16, 2023; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA; Pittsburgh Pirates left fielder Bryan Reynolds (10) celebrtaes with a toy sword in the dugout after hitting a two run home run against the New York Yankees during the first inning at PNC Park. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE

MLB News: The Pittsburgh Pirates and Chicago Cubs may have a feud brewing between each other.  During the week the fourth place Pirates took two out of three games against the playoff hopeful Cubs.  After the series concluded Chicago’s manager Davis Ross spoke with the media and insulted Pittsburgh in the process.

“That’s not a good team that just took 2 out of 3 from us. Or not our caliber of team I believe. We have to turn it around. Its on me. Its on the guys in the room.”

 

Sep 17, 2023; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Chicago Cubs manager David Ross (3) watches on from the dugout before the start of the first inning for a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks at Chase Field. Mandatory Credit: Allan Henry-USA TODAY Sports

 

One particular Pirates player did not take fondly to those comments and he clapped back with some strong remarks of his own.

Sep 16, 2023; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA; Pittsburgh Pirates left fielder Bryan Reynolds (10) circles the bases on a two run home run against the New York Yankees during the first inning at PNC Park. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
Pittsburgh Pirates Bryan Reynolds claps back at harsh comments from Chicago Cubs manager David Ross (MLB News).

 

Prior to the Pirates next series beginning Bryan Reynolds did not hold back when asked about the comments from David Ross.

“If we’re such a bad team, maybe he should have managed his team a little better and beat us.”

 

Sep 20, 2023; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Pittsburgh Pirates left fielder Bryan Reynolds (10) and Pittsburgh Pirates center fielder Jack Suwinski (65) celebrate with Pittsburgh Pirates right fielder Joshua Palacios (54) after their game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. Mandatory Credit: Matt Marton-USA TODAY Sports

 

These comments from Bryan Reynolds are interesting for the Pirates won just three games against the Cubs this year and lost 10.  However their two wins against the Cubs this week came at a critical time for it prolonged Chicago’s losing slump.  The Cubs have lost their last four series and have won only once in their last eight games.

It will be interesting to see if this encounter between the two organizations as well as David Ross and Bryan Reynolds surfaces again in 2024 or if it goes forgotten.

Follow me on Twitter @tylerkoerth.  Follow us @WiSportsHeroics for more great sports content. To read more of our articles and keep up to date on the latest in Wisconsin sports, click here!.   We cover the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Badgers, and Wisconsin High School Sports.  Additionally we provide the latest news coverage on the NFL, MLB, and NBA.

 

bryan reynolds
David Ross
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Tyler Koerth_
X (Twitter)

Tyler Koerth is the Lead Milwaukee Brewers Sports Writer at Wisconsin Sports Heroics. Articles have been published on Bleacher Report, Iheart, MSN, Yardbarker, and more. He has been covering the Brewers since 2019.

RELATED POSTS
Milwaukee Brewers: Brewers 17 year old prospect listed as breakout candidate for 2025
January 6, 2025
Brewers’ Future: Top Prospect Watch for 2025
December 27, 2024
Could Former #1 Overall Pick Spencer Torkelson Be A Trade Target For The Milwaukee Brewers?
December 27, 2024
Former Milwaukee Brewers Pitcher Corbin Burnes Seeking 3rd Largest Guaranteed Deal In MLB History
December 27, 2024
ADD A COMMENT
Facebook
X (Twitter)
RSS
CONTACT US
ADVERTISEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2025 WISportsHeroics All Rights Reserved.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wisportsheroics.com/mlb-news-pittsburgh-pirates-bryan-reynolds-claps-back-comments-chicago-cubs-manager-david-ross-news/ 
 ----- 
