Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Prospects
History
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Cubs pitcher Javier Assad is quietly one of MLB's most valuable rookies

The right-hander continues to play a key role for Chicago, filling a valuable role in the rotation.

By
Jake Misener
|
Sep 20, 2023
Pittsburgh Pirates v Chicago Cubs | Michael Reaves/GettyImages

Regardless of how the final two weeks of the season play out, there's no disputing the fact the Cubs have finally started to produce young arms capable of contributing at the big league level.

Justin Steele built on his breakout second half from a year ago, emerging as a legitimate NL Cy Young candidate. Adbert Alzolay seized the closer's role, Mark Leiter has been a go-to presence in the bullpen for David Ross and, most recently, Jordan Wicks came up and has settled into the rotation without hitting much in terms of speed bumps.

But one guy who's seemingly done it all for the Chicago Cubs this year is right-hander Javier Assad. After an international coming out party as a member of Team Mexico in the World Baseball Classic, Assad lost out on a starting job in spring training and found a home in the bullpen as the season went on. But when Marcus Stroman went down with an injury, it was Assad who got the call - and he's answered it in every way imaginable.

Cubs couldn't have asked for more from Javier Assad this summer

He's made nine starts, his latest coming in the Cubs' 14-1 blowout win over the Pirates on Tuesday, working to a 2.84 ERA - due largely to his ability to keep the ball on the ground and take advantage of the defense behind him. You can see how he's benefited from that defense in his 4.52 FIP. All told, the Cubs have won six of his nine starts and he's been a major factor in keeping the team's postseason hopes alive.

Looking at the National League Rookie of the Year race - there's no chance Assad gets serious consideration. The two clear front-runners are Diamondbacks outfielder Corbin Carroll and Mets right-hander Kodai Senga - and there's a sizable gap between that duo and the rest of the pack. But that doesn't negate the fact that, without him, the Cubs could have easily faded away as the season wore on and they trudged on without Stroman. Instead, they control their own destiny with 11 games to go.

The latest Cubs news and rumors
•
MLB Network makes bold prediction Chicago Cubs fans will love heading into 2025
•
National MLB insider gives Cubs' offseason moves, Jed Hoyer a glowing review
•
Cubs News: Team gets rare fourth option year on right-hander Caleb Kilian
•
Cubs sign veteran Colin Rea, but still need to add a high-end starter to the mix
•
3 things to know about the impasse between the Cubs and Kyle Tucker
Home/Chicago Cubs News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cubbiescrib.com/posts/cubs-pitcher-javier-assad-is-quietly-one-of-mlb-s-most-valuable-rookies-01hasj6xev4w 
 ----- 
