Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Cleveland Browns
Browns to pursue reunion with Kareem Hunt following injury to Nick Chubb

Hunt and the Browns met on Tuesday

Hunt (left) and Chubb (right) were teammates in Cleveland between 2019 and 2022.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 19/09/2023 - 18:15 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. NFL clears Deshaun Watson of punishment after shoving official
NFL. Kylen Granson holds hilarious 'newborn baby' photoshoot with football from first NFL touchdown

The Cleveland Browns have a crisis at running back following the season-ending knee injury Nick Chubb suffered in Pittsburgh on Monday night. The Browns will be without the four-time Pro Bowl selection until 2024, and they now have to turn to the trade market or to free agency to fill the Chubb-sized void.

One solution could be engaging the Los Angeles Rams on a trade for Cam Akers, who appears out of favor at SoFi Stadium. But the more familiar option has been sitting at home and waiting for a call. That's Kareem Hunt, the former Brown who may soon return to Cleveland...as Chubb's replacement.

Kareem visits Cleveland

Hunt and the Browns met Tuesday night, six months after his departure from Cleveland through free agency. The Browns initially released Hunt in part because of a concern that the 28-year-old was losing foot speed -- but with Chubb shelved for the season, Cleveland might return to the Hunt well in search of depth at running back.

Dan Patrick's tough message to Deshaun Watson: You're a creepTwitter (@dpshow)

Hunt rushed for a career-low 3.8 yards per carry in 2022, a season after rushing for 386 yards and five touchdowns in only eight games. Hunt has never quite recaptured the form he showed during his rookie season in 2017, when he rushed for 1,327 yards and scored eight touchdowns as a member of the Kansas City Chiefs. He was released following the 2018 season after video emerged of him assaulting a woman.

A Hunt-Ford tandem?
MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

The Browns seem set to move forward with second-year back Jerome Ford as RB1, and fellow sophomore Pierre Strong is -- for now -- the second-string running back. Ford impressed on Monday night in the loss to the Steelers, when he ran for 106 yards on 16 carries.

If Cleveland decides not to re-sign Hunt, Rams outcast Akers could be targeted in a trade over the coming days. Akers and Los Angeles coach Sean McVay have fallen out again, and the Rams placed Akers on the inactive list prior to their Week 2 game against the San Francisco 49ers.

Cleveland Browns - English
NFL - English
Nick Chubb - English
Cleveland BrownsKareem Hunt to return to Browns? List of available FA RBs amid Nick Chubb injury
Cleveland BrownsSports world reacts to Nick Chubb's horrifying leg injury on MNF
Cleveland BrownsBrowns star Nick Chubb done for the season after suffering knee injury in Pittsburgh
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Kate Middleton has no choice bu...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全 ，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
辻利茶舗 2025新春禮盒美到太過份！人氣 暢銷茶食禮盒精選推薦！
辻利茶舖
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/cleveland-browns/2023/09/20/650a25f7ca47412d078b458c.html 
 ----- 
