NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays bats pour it on in six-run first inning against Phillies
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 03, 2024 - 7:59pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-13:ba5559d3bd085d5a697a6cdb Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Watch as the Toronto Blue Jays have another scorching start, this time with a six-run inning powered by Daulton Varsho and Addison Barger's two-run homers against the Phillies.
46 comments

The Toronto Blue Jays appear to be making a habit out of putting up big numbers in the first inning.

For the second time in the span of three games, the Blue Jays' offence went to work in the opening frame, jumping out to a massive lead.

On Tuesday, against the Philadelphia Phillies, Toronto scored six runs on eight hits and two home runs against start Tyler Phillips, chasing the 26-year-old right-hander before he could record a third out.

Toronto's eight hits tied a franchise record for knocks in the opening inning, matching the mark set on Aug. 23, 1996, per Sportsnet Stats.

Daulton Varsho kicked off the festivities by launching a curveball 427 feet to centre field for a two-run shot, driving in George Springer. From there, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. hit a single, Spencer Horwitz doubled and Will Wagner grounded out for an RBI, Phillips' first out of the inning.

But Toronto's hitters kept on hitting, with Alejandro Kirk driving in Horwitz before Addison Barger hit his seventh home run of the season. Barger got just enough of a changeup to bounce it off the top of the wall and into the Phillies bullpen in right field.

Phillips was forced out of the game after striking out Joey Loperfido and allowing a pair of singles to Springer and Ernie Clement. All-in-all, the rookie pitcher threw 36 pitches — 28 for strikes — and saw his ERA balloon to 6.87 in his eighth big-league start.

Left-hander Tanner Banks came into the game and struck out Varsho to finally end the inning.

The Blue Jays put up seven runs in the first on Saturday against the Minnesota Twins and rookie starter Zebby Matthews, capitalizing on homers from Varsho and Horwitz to spark a 15-0 win.

You can watch as the Blue Jays look to carry another lead to a big win on Sportsnet and Sportsnet+.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Yankees’ Cole has no soreness, issues after exiting start with cramping in calf
Blue Jays’ Bichette running bases, preparing for rehab assignment
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Canada's next generation looks toward 2026 WBC
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-bats-pour-it-on-in-six-run-first-inning-against-phillies/ 
 ----- 
