Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Nick Castellanos’ improving consistency paying dividends for Phillies
The Phillies’ Nick Castellanos pumps his fist after hitting a walk off single during the 11th inning to beat the Braves Sunday night at Citizens Bank Park. (Derik Hamilton – The Associated Press)
By ROB PARENT | rparent@delcotimes.com | The Delaware County Daily Times
UPDATED: September 3, 2024 at 7:35 AM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — There have been many moments in Nick Castellanos’ major league career that indicated not only a sense of the dramatic at the plate, but a tendency to roll with the waves.

He’s been up and down, streaks of hot hitting and long patches of cold and dry offensive offerings. Through it all, Castellanos at least maintains an outward sense of calm, and an apparent belief in the old adage of whatever comes around will eventually go around.

Provided he keeps his bat at an even keel, that is.

“Nick tonight,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said during his post-game press conference after a Castellanos-gilded 3-2 win in 11 innings over the Atlanta Braves Sunday night, “two two-out, two-strike hits for three RBIs.

“I’m really happy for him, because he’s worked so hard to get his swing back and get going, and he’s done it.”

This Castellanos comeback isn’t out of character. Anyone keeping a close eye on him during his three Phillies seasons have had many moments of wondering what the five-year, $100 million free agency contract given him in 2022 was all about. And then they’ve seen him do things like carry the club for long stretches, or emblazon baseball’s endless record book by drilling two homers in each of games 3 and 4 of last year’s National League Division Series against the Braves, thus becoming the first player in major league history to hit multiple home runs in consecutive playoff games.

For an encore, he homered to start his NLCS against the Arizona Diamondbacks, then promptly went ice cold the rest of the way as he and the Phillies blew a 2-0 series lead and lost in seven games.

Of course, the standard and true answer: “That’s baseball.”

In his three Phillies seasons Castellanos has been asked more than a handful of times why he can light it up for a dozen or so games at a stretch and then suddenly seem to have his offensive pilot light go out for just as long or much longer. His consistent answer: “I wish I knew.”

At least he seems at peace with that realization. And in the wake of his walk-off single in the 11th that won a series with the Braves Sunday night, creating a seven-game gap between the front-running Phillies and the uncomfortable NL East runners-up, Castellanos’ peace was turned up to a fever pitch.

“This was a fun game, and a big series and the crowd was electric and to be able to come through there at the end was awesome,” he gushed. Then, asked why his big hits of late have all seemed to come after falling into an 0-2 hole in the count, he added, “It makes me want take (pitches), so I have two strikes more often.”

Rim shot, please…

He was at 0-2 with two outs to tough Braves starter Spencer Schwellenbach with the Phils trailing 2-0 in the sixth inning Sunday, when Schwellenbach hooked one high up in the zone and Castellanos drilled it into the left-center gap for a two-run double.

He was down 0-2 again in the 11th against Braves reliever Grant Holmes, but fought his way to 1-2 with a couple of foul balls. It was then that Holmes thought it a good idea to sneak a four-seamer past Castellanos.

Not a good idea.

“He’s got this two-strike approach now,” Thomson said in trying to define Castellanos’ slow but steady improvement at the plate. “He spreads out a little bit, so his head doesn’t move. He doesn’t have a whole lot of body movement, and he’s putting good swings on the pitches and not chasing as much.

“And he’s been great.”

The fun and funny times have been ramping up for Castellanos over the past three months, and the Phillies, who looked like world beaters in the season’s first half and struggled mightily for a long stretch coming out of the All-Star break, have been grateful.

Over his last 10 games, Castellanos is hitting .282 with three home runs and nine RBIs. Overall, he’s slashing .249/.303/.421 for a .724 OPS. His batting average seems well below standard at .249 until you remember where he came from – he had a first month-plus of the season to forget, even by streaky standards.

“I don’t feel like I’m searching for a swing,” Castellanos said about long hours working with the team’s hitting coaches to gain consistency. “Since we started doing that in May I’ve just built success slowly off of that.”

On May 3, Castellanos was slashing .180/.242/246 with a .488 OPS. Even as late as June 16, he was hitting .204. But as the power numbers started to rise, so too did his plate consistency. His sense of timing has, too.

Castellanos has had four walk-off winners go off his bat this season.

This latest one came after a failure. Castellanos had gone to the plate with Bryce Harper on first and no outs in the bottom of the ninth, but was struck out on three pitches by crafty Braves closer Raisel Iglesias. On the third pitch Castellanos rated a 10 on the ugly swing meter.

Rather than allow it to get him down, however, it seemed to only deepen his resolve if he were to get another chance. And he would.

“I was more patient,” he said. “With Iglesias, I’m excited there. I want to hit. And he doesn’t give me anything and he takes advantage of my aggressiveness. But the next AB I wasn’t going to make the same mistake.”

Originally Published: September 3, 2024 at 7:34 AM EDT
Around the Web
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
North Charleston: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
SeniorLiving2
Discovering the Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency - Find out More!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Answer Will Leave You Shaking!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
WellnessGaze Neuro
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Expert Advice: Say No to These 10 Unhealthy Dinner Foods!
HEALTH NATURAL
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Eat 2 Bananas Every Day & This Will Happen
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Worst Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Forget Rogaine, Do This to Fight Thinning Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Diamonds
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Mystery Finally Solved – Get The Facts!
Tardive Dyskinesia
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
2024
September
3
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/03/nick-castellanos-improving-consistency-paying-dividends-for-phillies/ 
 ----- 
