Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Kyle Schwarber hits 3 homers as Phillies rally past Blue Jays 10-9
Published: Sep. 03, 2024, 11:21 p.m.

Philadelphia Phillies' Kyle Schwarber, right, celebrates with third base coach Dusty Wathan after hitting a solo home run in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)AP

By The Associated Press

By Ian Harrison, The Associated Press

TORONTO — Kyle Schwarber’s third homer of the game was a go-ahead, three-run drive in the ninth inning, and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied past the Toronto Blue Jays 10-9 on Tuesday night after allowing six runs in the first.

The Football Review | Episode 1229 | SF 01

Schwarber hit his 12th leadoff homer of the season and went deep again in the fourth before his blast with no outs in the ninth on the ninth pitch he saw from Chad Green (4-5), a 96 mph fastball. Right fielder George Springer barely moved in reaction to Schwarber’s 426-foot line drive that reached the second deck for his 31st homer of the season.

Schwarber became the first Phillies player to have two three-homer games in a season and has three such games in his career. He finished 5 for 6 with six RBIs and came within a triple of the cycle, adding a double in the third and an RBI single in the seventh.

Vladimir Guerrero went 4 for 5 with a two-run homer for Toronto, which led 6-1 after one and knocked Phillies starter Tyler Phillips out of the game after two-thirds of an inning. Phillips gave up six runs on eight hits, including two-run homers by Daulton Varsho and Addison Barger.

Orion Kerkering (4-2) pitched a scoreless eighth. Matt Strahm, the seventh Phillies pitcher, gave up Leo Jiménez’s homer in the ninth but closed it out for his second save in eight chances.

Toronto Blue Jays' George Springer, left, and home plate umpire Sean Barber, right, watch as Springer's hit drifts foul during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)AP

NL East-leading Philadelphia matched a season high with 18 hits and won its third straight.

Green blew a save for the second straight game after doing so on Sunday at Minnesota. He converted 16 consecutive save opportunities to begin the season.

Edmundo Sosa led off the ninth with a single and advanced to third on Kody Clemens’ double before Schwarber’s homer made it 10-8.

In the first, Phillips retired two of the 10 batters he faced, departing after Springer’s second hit.

Nick Castellanos and Bryson Stott each drove in a run in the third and Schwarber’s second homer cut it to 6-4 in the fourth.

Guerrero connected off former Toronto teammate Taijuan Walker in the sixth for his 28th homer to put the Blue Jays ahead 8-4.

Philadelphia answered with a three-run seventh against a trio of Toronto relievers.

Philadelphia Phillies third baseman Edmundo Sosa (33) watches as a baseball off the bat of Toronto Blue Jays' Alejandro Kirk, not pictured, rolls down the third base line, staying fair for a single in the fifth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)AP

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: INF Alec Bohm (left hand) is recovering more slowly than expected and will not play in this two-game series, manager Rob Thomson said, adding that Bohm could return Thursday against Miami. Bohm left last Thursday’s game against Atlanta after two innings and has not played since.

Blue Jays: SS Bo Bichette (right calf) ran the bases Monday and will do so again Wednesday. ... Barger exited after six innings because of a sore left knee.

UP NEXT

After being named AL Pitcher of the Month for August, Blue Jays RHP Bowden Francis (8-3, 3.66 ERA) is scheduled to make his first September start against Phillies LHP Cristopher Sánchez (9-9, 3.49) on Wednesday.

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

MORE PHILLIES COVERAGE
Juan Soto agrees to record $765 million, 15-year contract with Mets: Sources
Pirates, Phillies legends elected in Baseball Hall of Fame
Dodgers legend who also pitched for Phillies, Orioles dead at 63

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Send Us a News Tip
PA Media Group
The Patriot-News
Advertise with Us
Career Opportunities
PennLive
Community Rules
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
PennLive
The Patriot-News
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
PennLive Sections
Business
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Home
News
Sports
PSU Football
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Pa. Life & Culture
Pa. Food & Dining
Opinion
Mobile Apps
iPhone, Android Apps
Tablet Apps
More on PennLive
Weather News
Archives
Post a Job
Post a Classified Ad
Sell your Car
Sell/Rent your Home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pennlive.com/phillies/2024/09/kyle-schwarber-hits-3-homers-as-phillies-rally-past-blue-jays-10-9.html 
 ----- 
