Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Blue Origin rocket
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Kyle Schwarber hits 3 homers for 2nd time this season as Phillies rally past Blue Jays 10-9
1 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Kyle Schwarber, right, celebrates with third base coach Dusty Wathan after hitting a solo home run in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
2 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Kyle Schwarber (12) runs the bases after hitting a solo home run against the Toronto Blue Jays in the first inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

3 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Chris Bassitt (40) exits the game against the Philadelphia Phillies in the sixth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

4 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) runs the bases after hitting a two-run home run against the Philadelphia Phillies in the sixth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

5 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) breaks his bat on a fly out in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

6 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Brendon Little (54) throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter in the sixth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

7 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ George Springer, left, and home plate umpire Sean Barber, right, watch as Springer’s hit drifts foul during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
8 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies third baseman Edmundo Sosa (33) watches as a baseball off the bat of Toronto Blue Jays’ Alejandro Kirk, not pictured, rolls down the third base line, staying fair for a single in the fifth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
9 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Chad Green throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter in the ninth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

10 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Matt Strahm, left, and Bryce Harper celebrate their team’s victory over the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

11 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Genesis Cabrera (92) reacts to the final out of the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies,in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

12 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Genesis Cabrera throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter in the eighth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

13 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies shortstop Trea Turner catches a pop fly off the bat of Toronto Blue Jays shortstop Ernie Clement in the seventh inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

14 of 18 |  

From left, Philadelphia Phillies’ Kody Clemens, Weston Wilson and Brandon Marsh celebrate their team’s victory over the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

15 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Weston Wilson (37) hits a single in the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

16 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Alejandro Kirk (30) reacts to striking out in the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Toronto on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

17 of 18 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) hits a double against the Philadelphia Phillies in the eighth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

18 of 18 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Kody Clemens (12) gestures toward the dugout after hitting a double in the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)

BY  IAN HARRISON
Updated 4:00 AM UTC, September 4, 2024
Share

TORONTO (AP) — Kyle Schwarber’s third homer of the game was a go-ahead, three-run drive in the ninth inning, and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied past the Toronto Blue Jays 10-9 on Tuesday night after allowing six runs in the first.

“That’s what we pride ourselves on, is just making sure that we’re never out of a game,” Schwarber said. “We always feel like we’re going to be in it and we did a really good job of that tonight.”

Schwarber hit his 12th leadoff homer of the season and went deep again in the fourth before his blast with no outs in the ninth on the ninth pitch he saw from Chad Green (4-5), a 96 mph fastball. Right fielder George Springer barely moved in reaction to Schwarber’s 426-foot line drive that reached the second deck for his 31st homer of the season.

Schwarber became the first Phillies player to have two three-homer games in a season. He finished 5 for 6 with six RBIs and came within a triple of the cycle, adding a double in the third and an RBI single in the seventh. It was Schwarber’s third career three-homer game and his first five-hit game. The first two homers came against Chris Bassitt.

“He carried us tonight,” Philadelphia’s Kody Clemens said.

RELATED STORIES
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano
Blue Jays add All-Star reliever Jeff Hoffman with $33 million, 3-year contract
Max Kepler and Phillies finalize $10 million, 1-year deal

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. went 4 for 5 with a two-run homer for Toronto, which led 6-1 after one and knocked Phillies starter Tyler Phillips out of the game after two-thirds of an inning. Phillips gave up six runs on eight hits, including two-run homers by Daulton Varsho and Addison Barger.

“Even after the first inning happened, everyone’s demeanor was good,” Schwarber said. “There was no sense of defeat. Just felt like everyone had a really good attitude about it and it showed.”

Orion Kerkering (4-2) pitched a scoreless eighth. Matt Strahm, the seventh Phillies pitcher, gave up Leo Jiménez’s homer in the ninth but closed it out for his second save in eight chances.

“I thought our bullpen did an outstanding job of holding them down,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said.

NL East-leading Philadelphia matched a season high with 18 hits and won its third straight.

Green blew a save for the second straight game after doing so on Sunday at Minnesota. He converted 16 consecutive save opportunities to begin the season.

Edmundo Sosa led off the ninth with a single and advanced to third on Clemens’ double before Schwarber’s homer made it 10-8.

“When he’s hot, he might be the best hot hitter in all of baseball,” said Bassitt said.

In the first, Phillips retired two of the 10 batters he faced, departing after Springer’s second hit.

“To go out there and do that, it feels pretty bad,” Phillips said.

Nick Castellanos and Bryson Stott each drove in a run in the third and Schwarber’s second homer cut it to 6-4 in the fourth.

Guerrero connected off former Toronto teammate Taijuan Walker in the sixth for his 28th homer to put the Blue Jays ahead 8-4.

Philadelphia answered with a three-run seventh against a trio of Toronto relievers.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: INF Alec Bohm (left hand) is recovering more slowly than expected and will not play in this two-game series, Thomson said, adding that Bohm could return Thursday against Miami. Bohm left last Thursday’s game against Atlanta after two innings and has not played since. … Castellanos was removed in the bottom of the seventh after being hit on the left leg by a pitch in the top of the inning.

Blue Jays: SS Bo Bichette (right calf) ran the bases Monday and will do so again Wednesday. ... Barger exited after six innings because of a sore left knee.

UP NEXT

After being named AL Pitcher of the Month for August, Blue Jays RHP Bowden Francis (8-3, 3.66 ERA) is scheduled to make his first September start against Phillies LHP Cristopher Sánchez (9-9, 3.49) on Wednesday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A Mississippi police officer has been suspended without pay...
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border...
President-elect Donald Trump is preparing more than 100 executive orders, includin...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Gather Your Family for a Traditional Wooden Puzzle This Holiday Season
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Unt...
Balance transfer cards are helping America ns pay off their debt faster. Get the detai...
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Florida man convicted of killing couple set to die in state's first...
A Florida man convicted of murdering a husband and wife during a fishing trip in...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Trump tax cuts, if made perman ent, stand to benefit highest...
At the very top of Republicans’ 100-day agenda with President-elect Donald...
AP News
Italy releases Iranian citizen held on a US warrant over drone...
Italy has released an Iranian citizen wanted by the U.S. over a drone attack in Jordan...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Round After Round
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/phillies-blue-jays-score-8d982bdcb4780a12d7073f3c1d9e3fbd 
 ----- 
