Skip to main content
Fear The Sword homepage
a Cleveland Cavaliers community
Follow Fear The Sword online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Fear The Sword main menu
FANPOSTS
ABOUT
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

CAVS ANALYSIS
 
CAVS PLAYER GRADES
Player Grades: Cavs at Warriors - Donovan Mitchell helps Cavs put ugly first half behind them

Cavaliers recovered from a poor first half to beat the Warriors handily

By Corey Walsh  Dec 31, 2024, 12:00am CST  16 Comments / 16 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

The Cleveland Cavaliers won their 28th game of the season with a thorough pulling away in the second half to beat the Golden State Warriors 113-95.

Grades are based on our usual expectations for each player.

Donovan Mitchell

23 points (9-19 shooting), 4 assists

Mitchell was instrumental in kickstarting the Cavaliers' resurgence in the second half. It felt like the offense was in dire need of turning things around and Mitchell delivered. His knack for providing back-breaking threes was handy in keeping any hopes of a Warriors comeback at bay.

Grade: A-
Support us and rep Donovan Mitchell with Homage!

We’ve partnered with Homage to help provide Cavs fans with the best gear. Anything bought from the links below helps support Fear the Sword while also allowing you to rep the Cavs. You can also shop all Homage Cavs gear HERE.

You can grab the Spida shirt seen above HERE.
Donovan Mitchell City Edition shirt can be bought HERE.
Evan Mobley

7 points (2-6 shooting), 7 rebounds 6 turnovers

Mobley found himself teetering in foul trouble for long spurts in the game. It felt like he was never able to find his footing on either end of this game. The Warriors are a smaller team so you would have liked to see Mobley carry the aggressiveness over from the Nuggets game but the threes weren’t falling and there weren’t many opportunities for Mobley to take over.

Grade: C-
Darius Garland

25 points (10-17 shooting), 8 assists

Another game where Garland comes out early and is bombing away from three. You would have thought that Garland was putting on a Steph Curry impression as Garland was able to score from all three levels with ease. It’s amazing how a performance like this one from Garland is common. Last season, there would have been celebrations for a night like this.

Grade: A
Jarrett Allen

12 points (6-9 shooting), 9 rebounds

Allen had it laid out for him to make the Warriors' night hell. However, it felt like the game was trending that if it was close, Allen would not be able to be in the closing lineup. It felt like the team wasn’t taking advantage of the Warriors' lack of size and Allen only really got it going in the third quarter. Allen did make an impact, just not to the level I would have hoped for given the matchups.

Grade: B
Dean Wade

10 points (5-6 shooting), 13 rebounds

Wade was excellent tonight. I feel like outside of the stars, Wade had the most impactful performance. He was taking clean looks at the rate you would hope and was extremely active on the glass. The Cavaliers do not need Wade to put the team on his back for them to win. However, nights like this show how versatile and valuable he is for the team.

Grade: A
Max Strus

3 points (1-6 shooting), 4 rebounds

I understand the reasoning as to why Strus was on the floor despite the struggles. It is very clear he is still working to get his legs under him. However, the shots he took tonight seemed forced and unjustified within the rhythm of the offense. It feels like Strus is struggling to find his form and in the first half, the Cavaliers were victim to a player trying to reassimilate into a well-oiled machine.

Grade: D
Caris LeVert

9 points (3-9 shooting)

LeVert is a player who has become very consistent as of late. This was a throwback performance for LeVert. The shot wasn’t there, but that has never stopped LeVert in the past from firing away.

Grade: C-
Sam Merrill

5 points (2-4 shooting), 2 rebounds

Jackson and I discussed this during the Playback stream, but it felt like if the Strus minutes were played by Merrill then there would have been greater results. Merrill felt like he was restricted in his time on the floor and was impactful with the limited opportunities he had. Especially given the fact that he could hold his own defensively with the Warriors' smaller lineups.

Grade: C
Georges Niang

3 points (1-3 shooting), 3 rebounds

Outside of getting thrown to the floor by Draymond Green, there was not much to mention from Niang. He has his nights where he can vanish and with limited shot attempts, tonight was another one of those occasions.

Grade: C-
Ty Jerome

10 points (3-10 shooting), 4 assists

It was hard to discern early on if this was going to be a return-to-form game for Jerome. He had his moments making a few shots in the second quarter to hold the Cavs’ offense afloat. However, any momentum Jerome generated in the second quarter evaporated as he vanished down the stretch not logging minutes in the third quarter. Overall, this chalks up to a middling night for Jerome who is looking to return to the player he was at the beginning of the season.

Grade: C

MORE FROM FEAR THE SWORD
Scottie Barnes praises Evan Mobley’s offensive game: ‘He does so many things really well’
Jaylon Tyson leads Charge to 113-103 win over Grand Rapid Gold
Kenny Atkinson has been impressed with Max Strus coming off the bench: ‘I love it’
Cavs vs. Thunder ratings prove that fans prefer games over narratives
Cavs incredible offense allows them to win games they deserve to lose
Player Grades - Cavs vs Raptors
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fearthesword.com/2024/12/31/24332746/player-grades-cavs-at-warriors-donovan-mitchell-helps-cavs-put-ugly-first-half-behind-them 
 ----- 
