Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
GEO
1-1-1, 4 PTS
2
FT
POR
2-0-1, 6 PTS
0
Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - 2'Georges Mikautadze - 57' Pen
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Georgia stun Portugal to progress with biggest-ever Euro upset
ByESPN News Services
Updated: Jun 27, 2024, 05:17 am

Georgia booked a place in the last 16 of Euro 2024 in their debut appearance at a major tournament with a 2-0 win over Portugal on Wednesday in the biggest upset by FIFA rankings in European Championship history.

Khvicha Kvaratskhelia's early goal and a Georges Mikautadze penalty earned Georgia, ranked 74th in the FIFA rankings, the win over already-qualified Portugal. Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal are ranked sixth in the world, and they were European champions in 2016.

Slovakia's (48th) win over Belgium (third) earlier this tournament previously held the distinction for the biggest upset.

The win, albeit against a largely second-string Portugal who had already made it into the next round, also represented the greatest result for Georgia since the country gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.

Coming from a disappointing fourth in their Euro qualifying group, Georgia had to take a circuitous route to Germany, first by winning their group in the less glamorous UEFA Nations League tournament then by defeating Greece in a playoff.

But there was nothing undeserved about the way coach Willy Sagnol, the former Bayern Munich and France defender, and his side claimed a third-place finish in the tournament's Group F and set up a last-16 meeting with three-time Euro winners Spain.

Khvicha Kvaratskhelia set Georgia on the path to victory and a place in the round of 16.
Chris Brunskill/Fantasista/Getty Images

When those two sides met in September during the qualifying stage for the tournament in Germany, Spain thrashed Georgia 7-1 in Tbilisi.

"When you are the small team of the competition ... you know you have nothing to lose...You have no weight on your shoulders," Sagnol told reporters. "Today I don't have a lot of words. I feel very proud to be their manager."

Georgia's win also means that England will line up against Slovakia, Romania will take on Netherlands and Portugal will face Slovenia in the round of 16. Hungary, who had been in contention for a spot in the next round, were edged out.

In the other Group F match on Wednesday, Turkey booked their place in the round of 16 with a 2-1 win over 10-man Czechia, who now head home.

Georgia, the tournament debutants, took the lead in the second minute when Kvaratskhelia, the Napoli winger, raced away after a careless pass by António Silva and powered a low shot past Diogo Costa in Portugal's goal.

"We can fight against everyone," Kvaratskhelia told reporters after. "I'm so proud."

Ronaldo -- one of only three starters for Portugal who also played in their 3-0 win over Turkey on Saturday -- stretched and strained for every ball as he sought to become the oldest goal scorer at a Euro tournament at the age of 39.

But Georgia defended as if their lives depended upon it and sought to catch Portugal on the break. In the 53rd minute, Silva compounded his earlier error by committing a foul in the box that was given as a penalty after a VAR check.

Mikautadze, who had provided the pass for Kvaratskhelia to open the scoring early on, steered his spot kick past Costa, making him the top scorer at Euro 2024 so far with three goals.

Ronaldo was booked in the first half for arguing and cut a frustrated figure when he was substituted after the break, kicking out at a water bottle. It is the first time in his long career that he failed to score in the group stage of a major international tournament.

Georgia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili made late saves to keep Portugal at bay, and at full time, the rest of the squad and coaching staff sprinted onto the field to leap and dance in front of their fans.

The celebrations were fully deserved. Georgia came close to snatching a draw with Turkey but lost 3-1 in their opening game and missed a great chance to beat Czechia a few days later in a 1-1 draw, leaving them perilously close to elimination -- until Wednesday's historic night in Gelsenkirchen.

Information from Reuters, The Associated Press and ESPN Stats & Information contributed to this report.

Game Information
VELTINS-Arena
7:00 PM, June 26, 2024
Coverage: FOX
Gelsenkirchen, Germany
Line: POR -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 49,616
Referees:
Sandro Scharer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690607 
 ----- 
