E-Edition
Sign In
Subscribe
Newsletter Signup
Link My Account
News
Latest News
Archive
Special Sections
Submit News Tip
2024 Fair
Sports
Latest Sports
Submit Scores
Submit Sports News
Obituaries
Opinion
Latest Opinion
Submit Letter To The Editor
Life & Culture
Religion
Local Features
Special Sections
Submit Anniversary
Submit Birth
Submit Birthday
Submit Engagement
Submit Wedding
Classifieds
Classified Ads
Submit Your Classified Ad
Job Match Ohio
Ohio Public Notices
Businesses
Connect With Us
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
E-Edition Sign In Newsletter Signup Link My Account
Subscribe
NEWS
2024 FAIR
SPORTS
OBITUARIES
OPINION
LIFE & CULTURE
CLASSIFIEDS
BUSINESSES
CONNECT WITH US
Home  Sports  So, changing the manager hasn’t helped Reds, Guardians prevail 5-2
Sports
So, changing the manager hasn’t helped Reds, Guardians prevail 5-2
news engin -
September 25, 2024
 0
Previous
So, changing the manager hasn’t helped Reds, Guardians prevail 5-2
Next
1
2
3

CLEVELAND (AP) — José Ramírez hit a three-run homer in the eighth inning after Cleveland pitchers retired the first 18 batters, lifting the AL Central champion Guardians to a 5-2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night.

Ramírez hit his 38th homer of the season, connecting against Emilio Pagán (4-5) with two outs to score Steven Kwan and Angel Martínez. The All-Star third baseman also doubled, tripled and scored twice. He has 115 RBIs.

Cleveland has wrapped up a first-round bye in the playoffs and remains in the hunt for the top seed in the AL, trailing the New York Yankees by a game with three remaining.

The Guardians used seven pitchers, with Hunter Gaddis (6-3) picking up the win and Emmanuel Clase loading the bases before getting his franchise-record 47th save. Clase tied St. Louis’ Ryan Helsley for the major league lead.

Cincinnati did not have a baserunner until TJ Friedl reached on a bunt single in the seventh that Tim Herrin could not field in time. Friedl came home on a throwing error by Andrés Giménez a batter later, pulling the Reds to 2-1.

Jake Fraley then scored on a mishandled single by center fielder Lane Thomas in the eighth — Cleveland’s third error in two innings — to even the score against Gaddis.

Andrew Walters pitched the first 1 2/3 innings for the Guardians, establishing a franchise mark with an eighth straight hitless appearance to begin his career. Erik Sabrowski, Cade Smith and Eli Morgan maintained the perfect game through the sixth.

Kwan led off the game with a home run after spending 11 days on the injured list because of mid-back inflammation. Josh Naylor added an RBI single in the fourth, also off Reds starter Jakob Junis, who went five innings.

Before the game, Guardians manager Stephen Vogt announced that right-hander Tanner Bibee and left-hander Matthew Boyd would make their next starts in the ALDS, bypassing their final regular-season outings.

Cleveland also will use multiple pitchers, rather than a traditional starter, Sunday against the Astros. Gavin Williams will be the bulk reliever in preparation for a possible move to the bullpen.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Reds: 2B Jonathan India (concussion protocol) was not in the lineup, one day after being struck on the helmet by Bibee’s pitch. India did pinch hit in the eighth and grounded into an inning-ending double play against Herrin.

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (right third finger blister) will throw several simulated games before the postseason, but remain on the IL until being moved onto the playoff roster. “Alex is healthy and getting built back up,” Vogt said.

UP NEXT

Reds: Cincinnati has not announced its starters for a three-game series against the Cubs at Wrigley Field. Chicago RHP Jameson Taillon (11-8, 3.41 ERA) works the first game Friday.

Guardians: LHP Joey Cantillo (2-3, 4.63 ERA) was bumped back two days and will start Friday against Astros RHP Ronel Blanco (12-6, 2.88 ERA) in the opener of a three-game set.

Register to recieve the FREE News Journal daily newsletter!

Get all of the day's top stories delivered right to your inbox every morning.

Register for Newsletter






___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Previous article
Seniors lead the way as WHS wins 2024 home finale 3-2
Next article
UNLV and Air Force to remain in Mountain West with financial incentives
news engin
No posts to display
Phone: 937-382-2574

Fax: 937-382-4392

Address: 1547 Rombach Avenue,
Wilmington OH, 45177
© Copyright 2022 AIM Media Midwest Operating, LLC
 


Subscribe to get Unlimited Digital Access

Choose your subscription to The News Journal.

Already a subscriber?  Link your Subscription or Sign In﻿﻿


Subscribe﻿




[change bg]

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wnewsj.com/2024/09/25/so-changing-the-manager-hasnt-helped-reds-guardians-prevail-5-2/ 
 ----- 
