Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians offer measured response to Reds bunt that broke up perfect game
Updated: Sep. 26, 2024, 10:24 a.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2024, 10:55 p.m.
31
1/31
Cleveland Guardians vs. Cincinnati Reds, September 25, 2024
By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio — Stephen Vogt expects that there will be plenty of people with different opinions about the way Cleveland’s bid for a perfect game ended on Wednesday. But the Guardians manager was pretty neutral when asked about Reds leadoff man TJ Friedl and his bunt single after 18 Cincinnati batters had been retired without reaching base.

“It’s a 2-0 game, seventh inning,” Vogt said after Cleveland survived to capture a 5-2 win at Progressive Field following a Reds rally that was sparked by Friedl’s bunt.

0:00
/
2:10
Keep Watching
Bergs upsets Borges in three sets to advance to the Auckland Classic Final

“Yeah, there’s a perfect game on the line, but you’re trying to win a game and it’s a tough left-on-left matchup,” Vogt said. “And they had not gotten antyhing going all night.”

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Cleveland Guardians tried to give Cuyahoga Council free tickets. Ohio Ethics Commission said no
Guardians reach 1-year deal with Lane Thomas to avoid arbitration
Comparing Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase to MLB’s elite relievers (Podcast)

But Vogt said he would not be surprised to see the play come up as a topic of debate, alluding to baseball’s “unwritten rules” and the strong opinions generated when players choose to ignore them. Typically it is frowned upon when a player bunts for a hit late in a game when a pitcher has a chance at a perfect game or no-hitter.

Cleveland owns the longest streak in the majors without a no-hitter or perfect game, spanning 43 years, two months and six days since Len Barker fired a perfecto against Toronto at Cleveland Municipal Stadium. Tim Herrin was the fifth Guardians pitcher to take the mound in a bullpen game before Friedl surprised him by dragging a bunt up the first base line.

“There’s going to be people all over the spectrum on whether that’s okay or whether that’s not,” Vogt said. “It’s a good baseball play. You can’t knock him for trying to get something going.”

Friedl’s bunt, and errors by Herrin and Andrés Giménez allowed Cincinnati to cut Cleveland’s lead in half at 2-1. The Reds tied the score in the eighth against Hunter Gaddis on a double by Jake Fraley and base hits by Santiago Espinal and Noelvi Marte.

Friedl told reporters afterward that the situation made him comfortable with attempting the bunt in the seventh.

“If it was a starter in the game in the seventh inning, that’s different, but not in a bullpen game,” Friedl said.

Friedl is no stranger to reaching base via the bunt. He led the majors with 17 bunt base hits in 2023 and has three this season while missing 36 games due to injury, including a right hamstring strain that cost him two weeks.

“(Bunting) is what I do, it’s no surprise,” Friedl said. “I’m playing the ballgame. We were down two runs. I feel like myself again, running the bases on that bunt.”

José Ramírez said Friedl’s bunt was “part of the game.”

“They’re trying to create something, get traffic on the bases,” Ramírez said via Guardians interpreter Agustin Rivero. “That’s what they choose to do.”

Still, it would be hard to blame the Guardians for being upset with Friedl’s approach. Pitching coach Carl Willis said Friedl’s strategy, however you feel about unwritten rules, made sense and ultimately was effective.

“It’s tough to swallow on our side of it when something like that (perfect game) is going on,” Willis said. “But he’s playing baseball. They’re trying win the game. That’s what he was trying to do, get them back in the game. And the reality is, that’s what he did.”

Friedl was at the plate again in the ninth inning, drawing a leadoff walk against Cleveland closer Emmanuel Clase. But he made it no farther than third base as Clase worked out of trouble for his 47th save. Though he did not face any sort of retaliation, baseball players and teams are known to have long memories.

Cleveland’s next chance to face Friedl and Cincinnati is Feb. 22 when the two teams open Cactus League exhibition play at Goodyear Ballpark

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/guardians-diplomatic-in-response-to-reds-bunt-that-broke-up-perfect-game.html 
 ----- 
