Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians don’t get perfecto, but they do get perfect swing from José Ramírez in 5-2 win over Reds
Updated: Sep. 26, 2024, 4:08 p.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2024, 8:58 p.m.
31
1/31
Cleveland Guardians vs. Cincinnati Reds, September 25, 2024
By Paul Hoynes, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The conversations probably started almost immediately after the Guardians clinched one of the top two seeds in the American League playoffs by beating the Reds on Tuesday night.

One of the results of all those words and plans was Wednesday’s bullpen game. In the Guardians’ universe everything is done by collaboration, but someone had to plant the seed. Whoever it was deserves a raise.

Bergs upsets Borges in three sets to advance to the Auckland Classic Final

Bullpen games are usually born out of desperation. Wednesday night’s rendering was by design. The design was perfect. . .almost.

The bullpen opened the game with 18 straight outs against the Reds, but it wasn’t quite enough after they lost their perfect game in the seventh inning. They needed a little help, and José Ramírez delivered it with a dramatic game-winning three-run homer in the eighth inning for a 5-2 win at Progressive Field.

The Guards (92-67) have won eight of their last 12 games.

“Tonight was a really cool night for the bullpen to showcase,” said Guardians manager Stephen Vogt. “They’ve been steady all year.

“It was kind of funny as it was going along. I was saying, ‘Of course, they’re doing this.’ Going three up and three down every inning. It’s been that way all year.”

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Cleveland Guardians tried to give Cuyahoga Council free tickets. Ohio Ethics Commission said no
Guardians reach 1-year deal with Lane Thomas to avoid arbitration
Comparing Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase to MLB’s elite relievers (Podcast)

Ramírez, who fell a single short of the cycle, has 38 homers and 115 RBI. He needs two more homers in the last three games to become the first 40-40 man in franchise history.

The pen, which has done just about everything for the Guards this season, lost its perfect game when leadoff hitter TJ Friedl, with the Guardians leading, 2-0, started the seventh with a bunt single along the first-base line against lefty Tim Herrin.

The bunt drew boos from the crowd of 25,680. The boos were still going on when Herrin made a errant pickoff throw to first that allowed Friedl to reach second. Elly De La Cruz followed with a grounder behind second base. Andrés Giménez made a skidding stop, but his throw to first was in the dirt and hopped past Josh Naylor, and Friedl scored on the second error of the inning.

The Reds tied the score, 2-2, in the eighth thanks to another Cleveland error.

Ty France doubled against Hunter Gaddis with one out. Santiago Espinal followed with a single to center. Lane Thomas charged the ball as France stopped at third. When he didn’t handle it cleanly, France scored.

“It’s tough to swallow on our side of it when something like that is going on,” said pitching coach Carl Willis, “but he’s playing baseball. . .They’re trying win the game. That’s what he was trying to do, get them back in the game. And the reality is that’s what he did.”

Ramírez’s game-winning homer came with two out in the eighth. It followed singles by Steven Kwan and Kyle Manzardo. Ramírez hit a 1-0 pitch by Emilio Pagan (4-5) 417 feet into the right field seats.

“I’m trying to do exactly what I did,” said Ramírez, through interpreter Agustin Rivero. “I’m trying to put the ball in play.”

Did that mean he was trying to hit a home run?

“Yes,” said Ramírez.

Emmanuel Clase worked a tense ninth inning to earn his 47th save, a franchise record for a single season. He retired Jake Fraley with the bases loaded for the final out on a grounder to Ramírez, who made an underhand flip to second base for the force.

“That’s the first time all year I thought Clase was amped up,” said Vogt. “It was a special night for Emmanuel. That’s where I give a lot of credit to Carl (Willis). The first thing that happens is that Clase starts smiling and laughing.

“That’s what Carl Willis does. He goes out there and gets him to relax and focus on being himself. That’s exactly what Carl does, and Clase does Clase things.”

Clase had been tied with Jose Mesa for the franchise lead. It was his 34th consecutive save.

“I’m really happy because this has been a goal of mine,” said Clase, through Rivero. “It’s a reminder that everything in life sometimes can be hard. It has a little more value when we have to fight to secure the save.”

Rookie Andrew Walters started the bullpen game with five straight outs. Erik Sabrowski, Cade Smith and Eli Morgan followed with 13 consecutive outs. Herrin, Gaddis (6-3) and Clase followed with the final three innings that weren’t perfect, but were still riveting.

Kwan, just off the injured list and playing in his first game since Sept. 12, hit an 0-1 pitch by Jakob Junis into the right field seats for a 1-0 lead. It was his 14th homer and first since Aug. 12.

The Guardians placed him on the injured list with a sore back on Sept. 14.

“I was just trying to hit a single up the middle, which is really funny,” said Kwan. “Barrels always feel good.”

Cleveland pushed the lead to 2-0 in the fourth. Ramírez tripled off the right field wall. Josh Naylor brought him home with a single through the middle.

It was Ramírez’s 112th run and Naylor’s 108th RBI of the season.

The Guardians won the season series from the Reds, 3-1, to retain the Ohio Cup. Ramírez, for the third time in his career, received the Frank Robinson Most Outstanding Player of the Ohio Cup series.

Next: The Guardians are off Thursday before Houston arrives for the final series of the regular season. LHP Joey Cantillo (2-3, 4.63) is scheduled to start for the Guardians on Friday, while RHP Ronel Blanco (12-6, 2.88) is scheduled for Houston. Game time is 7:10 p.m. Bally Sports Great Lakes and MLB Network will televise the game. WTAM, WMMS, WARF and the Guardians radio network will carry the game.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/guardians-dont-get-perfecto-but-they-do-get-perfect-swing-from-jose-ramirez-in-5-2-win-over-reds.html 
 ----- 
