Menu
Notices
Opens in new window
Place a Notice
Opens in new window
Today’s Paper
Opens in new window
Subscriptions
Podcasts
Jobs
Opens in new window
Sign Up
Log In
Home
News
Opinion
GAA
Business
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Puzzles
Soccer
Mabululu earns Angola opening draw with Algeria at Africa Cup of Nations
Baghdad Bounedjah had put the favourites in front.
Expand
Angola’s Mabululu celebrates his equaliser against Algeria (Themba Hadebe/AP). (Themba Hadebe/AP)
By PA Sport Staff
January 15, 2024 at 10:35pm GMT

Algeria endured more Africa Cup of Nations frustration as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Angola in their opening match in Bouake.

Baghdad Bounedjah gave the Algerians the lead, but a second-half equaliser from Mabululu, who converted the rebound after his penalty hit the bar, salvaged a point for Angola in the Group D clash.

The Algerians are looking to avoid a similar fate to 2022 when they entered as defending champions but crashed out in the group stages after failing to win a game.

Baghdad Bounedjah put Algeria in front (Themba Hadebe/AP). (Themba Hadebe/AP)

They made a positive start when Bounedjah latched on to a ball over the top and fired home with a clinical finish to put his side in front after just 18 minutes.

Thursday’s briefing: Arsenal’s bug, Rashford responds and Windass’ wonder goal
Rangers v Celtic: Match details, kick-off time and how to watch as league leaders Celtic face their struggling rivals Rangers

And it could have been even better for the favourites when Bounedjah found the net with a spectacular overhead kick shortly afterwards, only for the goal to be disallowed for offside after a VAR review.

Algeria became increasingly frustrated as they failed to create further chances to trouble the Angolans, who went into the match on the back of four consecutive goalless draws.

Mabululu rescued a point for Angola (Themba Hadebe/AP). (Themba Hadebe/AP)

Angola drew level in the 65th minute when Mabululu was brought down by Nabil Bentaleb in the box before stepping up to bundle the ball home after his initial spot-kick hit the underside of the bar.

It took a late spell of pressure for the Algerians to really test the Angola rearguard, with Riyad Mahrez in particular proving a constant threat at set-plays.

But, after surviving a succession of corners in injury-time, the 117th-ranked Angolans clung on for a point to continue Algeria’s recent struggles in the competition.

Most read

1

Father of John George confronts man he believes killed his son

2

Sight of swallows at Christmas signals ‘crisis’ - not an early summer

3

Co Derry girl (4) in ‘critical’ condition following road crash

4

Brian Feeney: Devolution is a charade – Let me tell you who really runs the north

5

Armagh and Monaghan both set for taste of GAA’s new rules this weekend amidst host of challenge matches
Top stories

1

John George: Sister of Lisa Dorrian speaks of 'emotional toll' of search for missing Belfast man

2

Girl (4) in ‘critical’ condition following road crash

3

Belfast bar shuts its doors for final time to make way for student accommodation

4

Man charged with murdering love rival must remain in custody

5

House price rise in Northern Ireland highest in UK
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

@2025 The Irish News Ltd

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contributor T&C’s
News
Opinion
GAA
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Newsletters
Send us your story
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise
Opens in new window
Contact us
Help / FAQ
About us
Digital subscriptions
Corporate subscriptions
Workplace and Employment Awards
Opens in new window
The Irish News Ulster GAA All Stars
Opens in new window
Young News Readers
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All I Accept
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishnews.com/sport/soccer/mabululu-earns-angola-opening-draw-with-algeria-at-africa-cup-of-nations-PPANNQ5REVLLVCHAFWIB3M5Y6U/ 
 ----- 
