Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
El Salvador vs Bonaire Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
El Salvador vs Bonaire Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 08, 2024 13:16 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
El Salvador vs Canada - Qatar World Cup Qualifiers

El Salvador will play host to Bonaire at Stadion Antonio Trenidat in the CONCACAF Nations League on Monday. The sides are set to play their first official match together.

El Salvador vs Bonaire Preview

El Salvador were demoted from League A to B in the 2023-24 edition following a dismal campaign that saw them losing all four matches. This is the second time they will be competing in League B since 2019-20. The hosts will enter this meeting on the back of two wins on the road, scoring five goals.

La Selecta opened their campaign in Group A with an impressive 4-1 away win over Montserrat to claim the top spot on three points. They are expected to be in a stronger position this time around as the home team. A win would help El Salvador accomplish almost half of their mission in the group with four more games to spare.

Trending

Bonaire were promoted from League C to B in the previous edition following a satisfactory campaign that saw them winning two matches out of two. They are yet to compete in League A, which could be their main objective for this campaign. The visitors are winless in their last three matches in all competitions (D2, L1).

Bonaire were held at home to a 1-1 draw in their opening game against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Hoeve put Bonaire ahead after 36 minutes but the equalizer came under three minutes later to douse celebrations. The visitors will likely face an uphill battle at Stadion Antonio Trenidat when they take on El Salvador in front of local fans.

El Salvador vs Bonaire Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
El Salvador endured a 23-game winless streak between June 2022 and June 2024 before breaking the trend.
El Salvador have drawn four times and lost once in their last five matches at home in all competitions.
El Salvador have scored seven goals and conceded three in their last five matches.
Bonaire have won once, drawn once and lost thrice in their last five matches on the road.
El Salvador have won thrice, drawn once and lost once in their last five matches while Bonaire have won twice, drawn twice and lost once. Form Guide: El Salvador – W-W-L-W-D, Bonaire – D-D-L-W-W.
El Salvador vs Bonaire Prediction

El Salvador have depth and individuality that could make life difficult for the visitors, even if they attempt to cause an upset.

Bonaire could resort to a defensive approach to avoid getting themselves exposed to counterattacks. A draw would be a great result.

El Salvador are the favorites based on form and home advantage.

Prediction: El Salvador 3-1 Bonaire

El Salvador vs Bonaire Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – El Salvador to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: El Salvador to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Bonaire to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League El Salvador Football Team Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/el-salvador-vs-bonaire-prediction-betting-tips-9th-september-2024 
 ----- 
