SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
World Cup 2022
World Cup 2022
World Cup 2026 Qualifiers: When, Where to Watch Morocco vs Zambia Qualifiers

Head coach Regragui said that the Atlas Lions can do better in terms of offensive play, describing tonight’s game as important.

Safaa KasraouiJune 07, 2024 1:30 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco vs ZambiaMoroccan cuisine

Rabat - Tonight marks one of the decisive matches for Morocco’s Atlas Lions, who are facing off against Zambia for a World Cup 2026 qualifier game.

The game will take place at 8 p.m. Moroccan time tonight at the Adrar stadium in Agadir.Moroccan cuisine

The match will be available live on Morocco’s Arriadia TV, as well as on SCC1 and SCC5. 

In a pre-match conference, Morocco’s head coach Walid Regragui commented on tonight’s game, describing it as “important.”

“We need to stay at the top of the group. We are at full strength and have no injury concerns. We have adapted to Agadir and we know that the fans will be numerous tomorrow,” Regragui said, noting that he knows the challenge ahead with the rivals his team is facing today.

Moroccan cuisine

Regragui added that the Atlas Lions “can do better in terms of offensive play.”

“The most important thing is to create opportunities. In the last two matches, we had new players like Diaz and Ben Seghir, who needed time. This is not an excuse, but an explanation. It's up to me to find the solution. Maybe it's a confidence issue, but that doesn't worry me," he emphasized

Morocco’s previous friendly matches showed the Atlas Lions struggling to keep up the pace they displayed during the 2022 World Cup. The global competition showed Morocco’s best ever performances, with the national team being the first African and also Arab team to reach the semifinals.

In contrast, Morocco’s performance during the 2024 AFCON in Cote d’Ivoire was a setback for fans as Regragui’s lineup left the tournament earlier than expected.

Fans, however, still have high hopes for the Moroccan national team following their outstanding performance at the 2022 World Cup.

In addition to Zambia, the Atlas Lions will also face off  the Republic of Congo on June 11 in Agadir.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco’s New Agricultural Season Shows a Promising Start Amid Challenges
At AU, 2024 Saw Morocco’s Continued Commitment to African Resilience
Morocco Records Compliance Milestone in Cannabis Sector for 2024
Morocco Approves 5% Minimum Wage Increase for 2025
Moroccan Banks Available This Weekend for Your Year-End Needs
Morocco Introduces New Support System for Soft Wheat Imports in Early 2025
Morocco, Huawei Partner to Launch ‘DigiSchool’ Initiative
Morocco Reportedly Expands Control to Western Sahara Airspace
Recent
Popular
Comments
Mauritanian Military Reshuffle Signals Strategic Shift Away From Algeria

‘Squid Game For Government’: South Korea Impeaches Second President In Two Weeks

Access Bank Set To Enter Moroccan Market Amid African Expansion

Massive Fire Destroys Restaurant In Fez, No Casualties Reported

2024: Morocco’s Aviation Sector Rockets To 5th Globally, Leads Africa

YOU MAY LIKE
Bilal El Khannouss And Lamine Yamal Lead U-20 World Ranking

NYU Study: Morocco's World Cup Run Boosted Global Interest

World Cup Tickets Scandal: El Haidaoui’s Prison Sentence Reduced To 8 Months

World Cup Tickets Scandal: Mohamed El Haidaoui Stripped Of Parliamentary Seat

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/06/363103/world-cup-2026-qualifiers-when-where-to-watch-morocco-vs-zambia-qualifiers 
 ----- 
