SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Morocco Beats Zambia 2-1 in African World Cup 2026 Qualifiers

Today’s win helped boost Morocco’s chances of advancing to the 2026 World Cup.Moroccan cuisine

Sara ZouitenJune 07, 2024 9:07 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Players from Morocco's national teamMoroccan cuisine

Rabat - Morocco’s Atlas Lions defeated Zambia’s national football team in their second World Cup 2026 Qualifiers match. The game took place on Friday at the Adrar stadium in Agadir.

The Moroccan side demonstrated more composure and determination throughout the game, ultimately securing a 2-1 win over their opponents.Moroccan cuisine

The excitement commenced early in the game when Galatasaray midfielder Hakim Ziyech opened the scoring for the Atlas Lions in the sixth minute. 

As the game progressed, both teams contested for control and sought opportunities to capitalize on their respective attacks.

However, it was Morocco who managed to extend their lead in the 67th minute through Eliesse Ben Seghir.

Ben Seghir, who made his debut for the national team in March this year, helped Morocco further solidify their position.

Meanwhile, Zambia players continued their efforts to stage a comeback.

In the 80th minute of the match, Zambia managed to break through Morocco’s defense after Edward Chilufya found the back of the net.

Zambia sought to score an equalizer and salvage a crucial point in what is expected to be a tough World Cup qualifying campaign for the Atlas Lions’ opponents. However, Morocco’s defense stayed strong and prevented them from getting through its defense.

With this win, the Moroccan national team continues their quest for qualification to the highly anticipated World Cup 2026.

The African World Cup qualifiers placed Morocco in Group E alongside Zambia, Niger, Congo, Tanzania, and Eritrea.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named in Best African XI for 2024
Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player of 2024 at Globe Soccer Awards
IFFHS Names Bouchra Karboubi 5th Best Female Referee in the World
Morocco Maintains 14th Spot in FIFA’s December 2024 Rankings
CAF Awards: When, How to Watch Much-Awaited Ceremony
Moroccan Talents to Look Out For at CAF Awards 2024
FIFA: Joint Morocco-Portugal-Spain Bid Exceeds World Cup Hosting Standards
Ayoub El Kaabi: Olympiacos’ ‘Hat-Trick Hero’
Recent
Popular
Comments
Mauritanian Military Reshuffle Signals Strategic Shift Away From Algeria

‘Squid Game For Government’: South Korea Impeaches Second President In Two Weeks

Access Bank Set To Enter Moroccan Market Amid African Expansion

Massive Fire Destroys Restaurant In Fez, No Casualties Reported

2024: Morocco’s Aviation Sector Rockets To 5th Globally, Leads Africa

YOU MAY LIKE
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named In Best African XI For 2024

Former Raja President Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Financial Misconduct

Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player Of 2024 At Globe Soccer Awards

Achraf Hakimi Has Become Indispensable For Luis Enrique’s PSG

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/06/363114/morocco-beats-zambia-2-1-in-african-world-cup-2026-qualifiers 
 ----- 
