SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
CRICKET
ICC WORLD CUP
FERGUSON TO LEAD SECOND-STRING NZ IN ODIS IN BANGLADESH
Ferguson to lead second-string NZ in ODIs in Bangladesh
Reuters,
02.09.2023 09:39
Lockie Ferguson will lead New Zealand in Bangladesh
Reuters
Fast bowler Lockie Ferguson (32) will lead a second-string New Zealand team in the three-match one-day international series in Bangladesh later this month, the country's cricket board said on Saturday.

Ferguson will take over the captain's role for the first time in his career as regular skipper Kane Williamson continues to recover from a knee injury, and his deputy Tom Latham has been rested for the series.

"Lockie is an experienced bowler at the international level, and this is an opportunity for him to really lead from the front with not just the bowling group but the team as a whole," coach Gary Stead said in a statement.

"He stepped into the role for the warm-up matches in England and led a group with a lot of moving parts well."

New Zealand also left out Devon Conway, Matt Henry, Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Mitchell Santner and Tim Southee to keep them fresh for the 50-overs World Cup in India beginning on October 5th.

Mark Chapman and Jimmy Neesham were not considered as they expect the arrival of their first children.

"Balancing workloads also provides opportunities and it’s exciting to have different players in the group and learning in an environment like Bangladesh," said Stead.

"It can be a challenging place to tour and getting used to different conditions quickly will be important over the next few months."

Stead himself would stay back with batting coach Luke Ronchi stepping in as the head coach for the Bangladesh tour.

All three one-dayers will be played in Mirpur between September 21st-26th.

New Zealand ODI squad: Lockie Ferguson (captain), Finn Allen, Tom Blundell, Trent Boult, Chad Bowes, Dane Cleaver, Dean Foxcroft, Kyle Jamieson, Cole McConchie, Adam Milne, Henry Nicholls, Rachin Ravindra, Ish Sodhi, Blair Tickner, Will Young

MENTIONS
Cricket
Lockie Ferguson
New Zealand
Bangladesh
England
ICC World Cup
Related Articles
Debutant Atkinson helps England to T20 victory over New Zealand
01.09.2023 21:42
Carse strikes on debut as England win New Zealand T20 opener
31.08.2023 09:20
Kane Williamson given two weeks to prove fitness for upcoming World Cup
28.08.2023 10:27
Show more
Cricket
Ryan Rickelton stars to put South Africa in control of second test against Pakistan
11 h ago
Defiant Rohit Sharma insists he's not retiring despite being dropped for test decider
16 h ago
Fifth Test between India and Australia in the balance after Pant hits half-century
19 h ago
'Chuffed' Rickelton seizes opening chance to smash opening day century
03.01.2025 19:53
Scott Boland and Mitchell Starc impress as Australia shred through India in fifth Test
03.01.2025 10:01
Rohit left out of India's final Test against Australia, could be the end for 'Hitman'
03.01.2025 04:17
Kusal Perera century helps Sri Lanka to consolation win against New Zealand
02.01.2025 08:58
South Africa looking for clinical edge in final Test against Pakistan
01.01.2025 18:21
2025 Editors’ Picks: Club World Cup and Women's Euros headline thrilling year of sport
01.01.2025 13:32
Australia's Carey backing Starc to be fit for final India Test in Sydney
01.01.2025 11:26
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Juventus interested in Zirkzee, Manchester City targeting Marmoush
Football Tracker: Lyon leave it late to beat Montpellier, Atleti through in Copa del Rey
Littler demolishes Van Gerwen to win maiden PDC Darts World Championship title
Olmo unable to play for Barcelona after Spanish FA & LaLiga reject request to register him
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Axelsen - Lee
Popov - Christie
Gauff - Swiatek
Deportiva Minera - Real Madrid
Inter - AC Milan
Ath Bilbao - Barcelona
Al Nassr - Al Okhdood
FOOTBALL SCORES
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Liverpool - Accrington
Manchester City - Salford
Arsenal - Manchester Utd
Brentford - Manchester City
BASKETBALL SCORES
Barcelona - Joventut Badalona
Besiktas - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - PAOK
Karsiyaka - Fenerbahce
Crvena zvezda - FMP Beograd
Mega Basket - Partizan
Baskonia - Real Madrid
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-25 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 852 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/cricket-icc-world-cup-ferguson-to-lead-second-string-nz-in-odis-in-bangladesh/2giQgkuH/ 
 ----- 
