Pitch battle: Why Boxing Day, New Year’s Tests are up for grabs

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
UpdatedSportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 1 year ago

Pitch battle: Why Boxing Day, New Year’s Tests are up for grabs
By
Jon Pierik
Updated September 1, 2023 — 6.56pmfirst published at 3.44pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
37

View all comments

The MCG and SCG will have to fight to keep their prized cricket Tests traditionally scheduled during the Christmas and New Year’s holiday period.

Cricket Australia is preparing to go to official tender for its seven-year suite of international cricket, with the iconic Boxing Day Test in Melbourne and New Year’s Test in Sydney not locked in. The demolition of Brisbane’s Gabba for next decade’s Olympics may deliver another twist for Australia’s regular summer schedule.

Passionate Indian fans celebrate at the MCG. Cricket Australia wants state governments to help turn Test matches into greater cultural events.
CREDIT:
AFP

Officials at Perth’s Optus Stadium have long sought to host a showcase Test, having previously declared interest in seizing the Boxing Day Test.

This masthead can reveal CA is finalising preliminary discussions with state governments and venues, and wants to have its Test venue agreements from 2024 – when a new seven-year, $1.5 billion broadcast deal begins – locked in by Christmas.

Advertisement

Rather than working on its customary four-year cycle, which typically includes financial dips in years when India and England are not touring, CA wants to base its bottom line on a new seven-year cycle, which includes two home men’s and women’s Ashes series and two tours by India, the first in the 2024-25 season in what will be a five-Test campaign.

The sport’s governing body hopes to turn its summer of Tests into a festival feel, reminiscent of the mood generated by the Matildas’ performance during this year’s soccer Women’s World Cup, jointly hosted by Australia and New Zealand.

RELATED ARTICLE
Twenty20
Marsh, Sangha star as Australia crush South Africa in T20 opener

“International cricket is an iconic part of the Australian summer, and we are keenly aware of its significant value as a major event for venues and cities, including positive community, economic and tourism benefits,” a CA spokesman said on Friday.

“Our venue agreements typically stipulate a minimum number of matches, as opposed to specific dates or Test allocations.

Advertisement

“Over the next seven years there will be an abundance of top-flight cricket including two five-Test series against India and two men’s and women’s Ashes series. This will provide brilliant experiences for the millions of fans who flock to host cities and come through the turnstiles, as well as visit other regions.

“We are continually engaging in discussions with state and territory associations, stadium operators and governments to ensure we optimise outcomes on behalf of our fans, partners and Australian cricket.”

RELATED ARTICLE
Big Bash
Draft a game-changer for WBBL as dual sports star returns to cricket

The two most iconic summer events, the MCG Test beginning on Boxing Day, and the New Year’s SCG Test, are the prized assets. While the NSW and Victorian governments respectively want to retain those events, sources close to the discussions who remained anonymous, so they could speak freely, said history and tradition were considerable, but not the only factors CA would weigh up.

As this masthead revealed, CA’s contract with the MCC has expired, but was rolled over for this summer when Pakistan is in Melbourne at Christmas. In a fixturing quirk, the struggling West Indies, thumped 2-0 last summer, are also a touring Test team this summer.

A desire to provide more of a festival feel around Tests by, for instance, turning city centres into a place where fans can gather, events around the venue, and cost mitigation in staging the event, where cost savings for CA would allow it to plough more money into game development, are also important considerations. Where day-night Tests, typically held in South Australia, fit into the schedule is another factor. Brisbane will host the only pink-ball Test this summer, against the West Indies.

CA officials also watched closely at how the Matildas galvanised public support through the home Women’s World Cup, and there is a feeling more could be done to support the Australian cricket team, particularly during blockbuster Ashes and India series.

CA believes the seven-year suite of games can give states and venues certainty, allowing them to work ahead on promotional ideas.

A SCG Trust spokesman said Sydney remained the best city, and the SCG the best venue, to start the new year of cricket.

The Victorian government pointed out that the MCG has the largest spectator capacity.

“Cricket fans look forward to the Boxing Day Test at the MCG every year, and no other stadium in Australia can host as many cricket fans,” said a spokesman for sports minister Steve Dimopoulos.

“We will work closely with Cricket Australia and the Melbourne Cricket Club to ensure Melbourne continues to host this iconic match at the MCG.”

The Melbourne Cricket Club was contacted for comment.

Brisbane’s Gabba will be out of action for what Queensland Cricket believes will be seven years when it is demolished after the 2025 Ashes Test and rebuilt in time for the 2032 Olympics. CA’s discussions with Queensland Cricket (QC) and the Queensland government are ongoing, with the possibility QC could pitch for a Test at an upgraded Allan Border Field in Brisbane.

“The most efficient, cost-effective, and timely option to enable this is for Allan Border Field to be upgraded with a capacity of 10,000 permanent seats. Allan Border Field already possesses a permanent wicket block and cricket-specific infrastructure such as sight screens, vision screen, field lighting, and broadcast requirements, as well as outdoor and indoor training facilities,” QC chairman Chris Simpson said.

ANOTHER PERSPECTIVE
Exclusive
Australian cricket
New Perth stadium wants Boxing Day or New Year's Test

“With additional seating capacity, it stands ready to meet the needs of cricket during an extended disruption period.”

QC also has the option of exploring regional Queensland, with the options of Cairns, Mackay, Townsville and the Gold Coast.

The Gabba’s absence, however, offers Tasmania and Canberra the hope of staging a rare Test if the economics stack up.

One of CA’s more pressing issues is to finalise the 2024-25 campaign against India. Among the chief questions, CA needs to determine where the series begins, and once it does, the world’s most powerful cricketing board will then provide its preference. CA, however, has the final say. India has been loath to start previous series on the bouncy Gabba deck, but its stunning three-wicket win there in January 2021, which ended Australia’s 32-year unbeaten run at the venue, may mean that is no longer an issue.

2023-24 SUMMER OF INTERNATIONAL CRICKET

Men’s Test Series v Pakistan

14-18 December: Perth Stadium, Perth

26-30 December: Melbourne Cricket Ground, Melbourne

3-7 January: Sydney Cricket Ground, Sydney

Men’s Test Series v West Indies

17-21 January: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide

25-29 January: The Gabba, Brisbane (D/N)

Dettol Men’s ODI Series v West Indies

2 February: Melbourne Cricket Ground, Melbourne (D/N)

4 February: Sydney Cricket Ground, Sydney (D/N)

6 February: Manuka Oval, Canberra (D/N)

Men’s T20I Series v West Indies

9 February: Blundstone Arena, Hobart (N)

11 February: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide (N)

13 February: Perth Stadium, Perth

Women’s T20I Series v West Indies

1 October: North Sydney Oval, Sydney

2 October: North Sydney Oval, Sydney (N)

5 October: Allan Border Field, Brisbane (N)

Women’s T20I Series v South Africa

27 January: Manuka Oval, Canberra

28 January: Manuka Oval, Canberra

30 January: Blundstone Arena, Hobart (N)

Women’s ODI Series v South Africa

3 February: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide (D/N)

7 February: North Sydney Oval, Sydney (D/N)

10 February: North Sydney Oval, Sydney (D/N)

Women’s Test Match v South Africa

15-18 February: WACA Ground, Perth.

Sports news, results and expert commentary. Sign up for our Sport newsletter.

Was this article easy to read and understand?
Save
Share
License this article
Australian cricket
Test cricket
Cricket Australia
International Cricket Council
The Gabba
Boxing Day Test
MORE…
Jon Pierik is a sports journalist at The Age. He covers AFL and has won awards for his cricket and basketball writing.Connect via Twitter or email.
37

View all comments

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Injured Bumrah no guarantee to bowl as McDonald calls out India for ‘intimidating’ Konstas
Bancroft breaks shoulder and nose in sickening BBL clash with teammate
The nervous 9990s: On way to one exclusive club, Smith joins another
OpinionAustralian cricket is at a crossroads. This is the path we should take from here
Boland and Rishabh hurtle the SCG Test towards a finish to remember
‘You can’t hide’: Inside the viral bash-up sessions toughening up the Tahs
FROM OUR PARTNERS
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/pitch-battle-why-boxing-day-new-year-s-tests-are-up-for-grabs-20230901-p5e19j.html 
 ----- 
