Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportCricket
Jonny Bairstow and Harry Brook heroics help England hammer New Zealand

Bairstow cracked an unbeaten 86 and Brook made a rapid 67 in a 95-run win in the second T20 international

Andy Hampson
Friday 01 September 2023 17:03 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
open image in gallery
Jonny Bairstow and Harry Brook led England to victory (AFP via Getty Images)
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Jonny Bairstow and Harry Brook led the charge as England powered to a 95-run victory over New Zealand in the second Vitality International T20 match at Old Trafford on Friday.

Bairstow cracked an unbeaten 86 and Brook made a rapid 67 as England posted a formidable 198-4 from their 20 overs.

Debutant Gus Atkinson then took a superb f4-20 as the Kiwis slumped to 103 all out in a dismal reply.

The victory gave England a 2-0 lead in the four-match series coming after a similarly comfortable win in the opening game at Durham on Wednesday.

The platform was laid by Bairstow and Brook as the pair put on 131 for the third wicket in a blistering 65 balls.

RECOMMENDED
A man disappeared at a festival. Six years later, human remains have been found
Swiss flight attendant dies a week after emergency landing
The Secret Technology That Relieved My Chronic Knee Pain 
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
|
Sponsored
Cardiologists: Too Much Belly Fat? Do This Post Dinner
Wellness Tips
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola

Bairstow batted throughout the innings, hitting eight fours and four sixes from 60 deliveries while Brook, making another point following his World Cup omission, smashed five maximums in his 36-ball 67.

open image in gallery
Jonny Bairstow cracked the ball to all parts for England (PA Wire)

New Zealand captain Tim Southee bore the brunt of their big-hitting, conceding 23 in one over on his way to figures of 1-48.

Promoted stories
Memory Loss Is Not From Age! Meet The Real Enemy Of Memory Loss
SUPER NUTRITION FINDINGS
by Taboola
Sponsored Links

Bairstow actually had a nervy start as he played and missed, survived a leg before appeal and scampered a tight single in a good first over from the lively Adam Milne.

Yet he was soon into his stride, driving Southee over the top in the next and following up with further boundaries off Milne and Mitchell Santner.

Will Jacks also attacked and hit two fours and a six in one Lockie Ferguson over but he fell for 19 when he miscued a pull off Southee to midwicket. Dawid Malan quickly followed for a duck as he was bowled by Santner.

That brought Bairstow and Brook together and the Yorkshire duo went on the offensive.

Bairstow slog-swept Santner for six and Brook smashed two straight maximums off Ish Sodhi. Bairstow then brought up his half-century in 40 balls with successive fours off Santner before the acceleration really began with 23 from one Southee over.

The boundaries kept coming and Brook reached a 31-ball 50 in another expensive Southee over in which he hit two sixes and a four.

The entertaining partnership eventually ended when Brook, after slog-sweeping Sodhi for another four, holed out to Finn Allen at long-on.

open image in gallery
Harry Brook laid down further claims for a World Cup spot (Action Images via Reuters)

Moeen Ali despatched his first ball off Sodhi over the legside boundary but then found Milne in the deep attempting the same shot.

Bairstow saw little of the strike in the closing overs as Milne, particularly, brought some discipline back to the attack but Jos Buttler took the hosts close to 200 with 13 from eight balls.

New Zealand’s reply got off to a bad start as Devon Conway chipped to Liam Livingstone at deep square leg to hand Atkinson his first international wicket in the second over.

They slipped to eight for two as Allen miscued a pull off Sam Curran and was comfortably taken by Jacks.

Glenn Phillips began a recovery but Adil Rashid had him caught on the boundary by Brook for 22 and Mark Chapman, after launching Liam Livingstone for a straight six, then picked out the same fielder.

RECOMMENDED
Montenegro in shock as children killed in second tiny mountain town mass shooting
Coronation Street star ‘upset’ after being told she will be killed off in 2025
The Book Wallet Is Taking South Carolina By Storm
Zekear
|
Sponsored
Impressive New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Perfect For Seniors (Take A Peek At Prices)
Hyundai Partner
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola

Daryl Mitchell was caught behind off Brydon Carse, Santner clean bowled by Jacks and Milne reversed swept Rashid into the hands of Ali at slip.

Tim Seifert offered the greatest resistance but he fell for 39 when he sliced Atkinson high into the air and Buttler claimed a steepling catch. Southee and Ferguson then fell in the same Atkinson over as the Surrey seamer wrapped the game in style.

More aboutHarry BrookJonny BairstowEngland cricketNew Zealand Cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you can do it right at home...)
ARTHROZENE|Sponsored
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
Dexcom G7: The Most Accurate CGM System
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch, or receiver, so you’ll know how you’re doing with just a glance. Click here for safety information.
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
BETTER HEALTH NEWS|Sponsored
High blood sugar is not from sweets! Meet the number one enemy
SUGARSIX|Sponsored
Atopic Dermatitis Signs Many Wish They Knew Sooner
ATOPIC DERMATITIS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christmas Tree! Childr...
From mischievous raccoons to charming owls, these decorations will bring joy to the entire family.
ABOXUN|Sponsored
Shop Now
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful mind.
HISTORY STRATEGY GAME|Sponsored
Play Game
CULTURE
The Osmonds pay tribute as singing brother dies, aged 73
NEWS
Mother and son given lengthy prison terms for their roles in the...
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
BUDGETSMART|Sponsored
How Until I Kill You’s Delia Balmer survived living with a serial killer
The true story behind the ITV drama which sees Anna Maxwell Martin play a woman who escaped from her serial killer boyfriend – and was let down repeatedly by the system meant to protect her
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Searching Address (Take a Look)
INSTANT HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
Unleash Your Inner Engineer: 8-Cylinder Metal Car Engine Model
From sleek design to real functionality, this full metal car engine model is a mechanical marvel.
GANYIHAG|Sponsored
Shop Now
ASIA
‘Incredible’ influencer and fiance found dead in Vietnamese villa aft...
NEWS
Two teenagers killed in New Year collision named
The Heart Stained Glass Suncatcher Is Taking South Carolina By Storm
The heart shape has always been an expression of love. This exquisite painted heart shape hanging is an ideal choice for special occasions such as valentine's day, birthdays, wedding anniversary, etc.
GRISHAY|Sponsored
Read More
NEWS
‘We’re going to rip your face off’ in visa fight, Steve Bannon warns Elon Musk
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/england-new-zealand-t20-result-bairstow-brook-b2403590.html 
 ----- 
