European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Hungary 1 Switzerland 3: Duah gamble pays off and Embolo’s comeback – The Briefing
By Jacob Whitehead and Nick Miller
Jun 15, 2024

10

Switzerland got their Euro 2024 off to a winning start thanks to a hugely impressive first-half performance from Murat Yakin’s team — and a welcome late return from Breel Embolo.

Having gone 2-0 down in the first half, Hungary battled back after the break and halved the deficit through a Barnabas Varga header. There were some nervy moments for the Swiss until Embolo punished Willi Orban for a misplaced header and lifted in a third on his first international appearance since the 2022 World Cup.

The Athletic’s Jacob Whitehead and Nick Miller assess the key talking points…

Switzerland use Hungary rashness to exploit space

In qualifying, Hungary conceded just seven goals from eight matches to finish top of their group and qualify automatically. Over the last six years, Marco Rossi’s organisation has made this team more than the sum of their parts — but his best-laid plans were ripped apart by Switzerland in the first half.

Rossi’s 3-4-3 (which became a 5-4-1 out of possession) should have meant Hungary had plenty of players behind the ball but Switzerland excelled in being patient in their build-up, drawing the opposition defensive midfielders wide. This left Remo Freuler and Granit Xhaka with aeons of space.

Roaming left-winger Michel Aebischer found Kwadwo Duah for the first goal after a 22-pass move, the third-longest build-up move in a European Championship since 1980.

	Duah celebrates his first international goal, and Switzerland’s first of the game (Kevin Voigt/GettyImages)

Especially in the first half, Switzerland were clever in not going toe-to-toe with Hungary’s physicality, knowing they would likely lose one-vs-one duels — instead they tempted Hungary’s defenders out of the line, Freuler and Xhaka manipulating them with their eyes like NFL quarterbacks.

The position of veteran Attila Fiola was also exploited. He is an aggressive right wing-back, but the 34-year-old has lost his pace, leaving wide spaces for Switzerland’s fluid front three to float into. Both he and opposite wing-back Milos Kerkez bomb forward, leaving Hungary open to quick transitions when they lost possession. Aebischer’s goal seconds before half-time came after he drove into a space between Fiola and defensive midfielder Adam Nagy unchallenged. From there, his whipped strike was nearly inch-perfect.

Jacob Whitehead

Yakin rolls dice with Duah

Scoring any international goal is pretty good. Scoring a goal at an international tournament is even better. Scoring a goal at a tournament in just your second appearance, with less than an hour of international football to your name, is what fantasies are made of. But that’s what Kwadwo Duah did after just 12 minutes to give Switzerland the lead over Hungary.

London-born and Swiss-raised, Duah was a surprise addition to the Switzerland squad, so when his name was included in the starting line-up by Yakin, it looked like a remarkable gamble from a coach who has fielded his fair share of pre-tournament doubts.

It was partly a risk based on necessity: Switzerland’s attacking options are on the light side, to say the least, given that Breel Embolo is only just returning from a serious knee injury and Zeki Amdouni had a tricky season getting relegated from the Premier League with Burnley, albeit with moments of individual excellence. Duah scored goals for Ludogorets in Bulgaria, but that is not a league that generally prepares players for international football glory.

This is part of the charm of international tournaments: you don’t necessarily need to be a big name for 48 weeks of the year to be a star in the other four.

Nick Miller

Embolo makes a welcome return

There will be plenty of heart-warming moments at this tournament, but Embolo scoring Switzerland’s third and clinching goal will be right up there.

The Monaco forward ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee during a pre-season training session last August, training that was itself designed to help him recover from a previous knee injury. He missed most of the season and it was the main reason he didn’t start this game, despite being Switzerland’s most experienced striker.

But as he chased onto Jan Sommer’s long punt upfield, the brace he was wearing on that knee slipped off and was left just outside the penalty area as he ran through to lob Hungary ‘keeper Peter Gulacsi. If you want some symbolism, Embolo literally shedding the most obvious physical manifestation of his injury on his way to scoring is possibly about as good as you will get.

That he didn’t appear to notice, either in the process of scoring or in celebrating, should probably tell you that he’s back and ready again.

Nick Miller

What did Hungary coach Marco Rossi say?

“It’s hard to correct the kind of mistakes that we made today. Our players do not make mistakes like this every day (…) There aren’t many strategies to stop individual mistakes. It isn’t down to tactics, but we did struggle to communicate between us because of the way their forwards were playing. We fixed this at half-time, but by then we were 2-0 down.”

What did Swiss coach Murat Yakin say?

“I liken football to chess, and today we got our tactics right. We used this formation for a reason. We focused on making the most of our strengths, and we made our opponents’ lives very hard in the first half. We thought they’d bring on (Bendeguz) Bolla to put us under pressure, and we did come under pressure, but we had fresh forwards to come on and hold the ball.”

What next for Hungary?

Wednesday, June 19: Germany (Stuttgart), 5pm BST, noon ET

What next for Switzerland?

Wednesday, June 19: Scotland (Cologne), 8pm BST, 3pm ET

Recommended reading
Hungary squad guide: Solid foundations and Dominik Szoboszlai magic give cause for hope
Switzerland squad guide: An under-fire manager and an underpowered forward line
Callum Styles’ unlikely path to Euro 2024 with Hungary… via third-division Barnsley
Euro 2024 Group A guide: Germany’s narrow No 10s, resolute Hungary and Scotland’s set pieces
Hungary, Viktor Orban and the weaponisation of a national football team

(Top photo: Marius Becker/Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5564035/2024/06/15/hungary-1-switzerland-3/ 
 ----- 
