Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Russell Westbrook's Ex-Teammate Reacts to His Big NFL Partnership
Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook is making big moves off the court.
Joey Linn | Oct 19, 2024
Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook (4) in the second quarter against the Phoenix Suns at Ball Arena. / Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images
In this story:
Denver Nuggets
Los Angeles Clippers

Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook is one of the NBA’s most accomplished players on the court, but he is also very successful off the court.

With several different business and community ventures through his Why Not Foundation? and Russell Westbrook Enterprises, the 17-year-NBA veteran continues to innovate and make an impact.

The owner of Honor the Gift, a clothing company he launched in 2016, Westbrook connects to his Inner City of Los Angeles roots through every design. Strengthening that connection with a major announcement, Westbrook and the Los Angeles Rams revealed an exclusive partnership.

Via Westbrook, Honor the Gift, and Rams on Instagram: “RAMS X HONOR THE GIFT. FOR THE CITY. 10/24/24”

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Los Angeles Rams (@rams)

Westbrook received a comment from Terance Mann, his former teammate on the LA Clippers.

Via Mann: “🔥🔥🔥”

Los Angeles Clippers guards Russell Westbrook (0) and Terance Mann (14) against the Brooklyn Nets at Crypto.com Arena. / Gary A. Vasquez-Imagn Images

Westbrook and Mann were an exciting duo during their time as teammates with the Clippers. Mann opened up during the offseason about his disappointment that Westbrook is no longer his teammate.

“It’s gonna be different” Mann said. “You know what Russ brought to the team… I’m sad that Russ isn’t here to help me feed off the fans. I love doing that with him. That was one of my favorite things. Just being able to make big time plays with Russ… That’s gonna be missed.”

Now with the Nuggets, Westbrook will bring the 2023 NBA champions that same intensity he brought to Los Angeles.

Related Articles

Nikola Jokic Made Unprecedented History at 2024 Paris Olympics

Kevin Durant Gets Honest About How NBA Players View Nikola Jokic

Russell Westbrook Reacts to Being Snubbed From Viral NBA List

Published Oct 19, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/nuggets/news/russell-westbrook-s-ex-teammate-reacts-to-his-big-nfl-partnership-01jak6vwjd8v 
 ----- 
