Skip to content
Subscribe Now
74°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 9, 2025 at 10:45 am
SPORTSNBALAKERSAnalysis
After 10 games, 10 things we’ve learned about the Lakers
No. 1: They’re one of the NBA’s best half-court teams, but they’re playing a full-court game
Lakers forward LeBron James, second from right, drives with the ball after stealing it from Philadelphia 76ers guard Ricky Council IV, right, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Nov. 8, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
By KHOBI PRICE | kprice@scng.com
UPDATED: November 14, 2024 at 11:39 PM PST

Editor’s note: This is the Monday, Nov. 11, edition of the Purple & Bold Lakers newsletter from reporter Khobi Price. To receive the newsletter in your inbox, sign up here.

Hey everybody, it’s Khobi Price with the Southern California News Group, here with another edition of our Lakers newsletter, the Purple and Bold, including 10 things we’ve learned in 10 games so far this season while the Lakers have gone 6-4.

The Lakers are one of the NBA’s best half-court teams – but they’re playing a full-court game.

Before their 123-103 home win against the Toronto Raptors on Sunday, the Lakers had a net rating of plus-7 in half-court possessions, the league’s seventh-best mark. Their half-court possessions net rating grew to plus-7.8 after beating Toronto.

The Lakers have the Western Conference’s best and the league’s fifth-best half-court offensive rating (103), which is a testament to their talent but also the buy-in that Coach JJ Redick has gotten from the roster into the team’s offensive structure and process only just a few weeks into his first regular season. Even though their defensive rating of 116.9 ranks 21st, their defense on half-court possessions (95.2; 13th) is promising.

Transition defense, which the Lakers rank last or close to last in multiple categories in, remains a weakness. They also haven’t been as efficient when pushing the ball up the floor offensively even though they run often, especially off of missed shots.

Here are 10 more things we’ve learned, by the numbers

1. Cam Reddish has made the most of his increased playing time, averaging 7.3 points (73.3% shooting, 66.7% from 3-point range), 4.5 rebounds and 1.3 steals in 24.1 minutes per game while also mostly guarding opponents’ primary perimeter scorer since being added to the rotation last week.

2. Austin Reaves, who would previously guard the opposing team’s primary perimeter scorer, has had strong back-to-back offensive performances since Reddish stepped into the starting lineup two games ago. Reaves averaged 23.5 points on 56.7% shooting (47.4% from 3-point range on 9.5 attempts) and 6.5 assists in the last two games.

3. After a slow start to the season, at least by his standards, LeBron James has stepped up his play in the last couple of games with back-to-back triple-doubles. James, who is in his 22nd NBA season, hasn’t had impactful starts to games but seems to ramp up his intensity in the third quarters.

4. After having one of the lowest-scoring benches in the league through their first eight games (20.6 points), the Lakers’ reserves have averaged 36 points since D’Angelo Russell was moved to a bench role. Russell (16.5 points, 52% shooting and 38.5% from behind the arc) has found his rhythm as a scorer since becoming a reserve.

5. Anthony Davis is shooting a career-high 49% on shots between 4-14 from the basket, according to Cleaning The Glass. His improved touch in the short midrange area is helping him average a career-high 31.2 points.

6. The transition defense remains an issue, even though it’s been better the last couple of home games compared to the five-game road trip. The Lakers have allowed an average of 17 fast-break points per game – which is still high – the last two games after allowing 22.6 during the trip.

7. After a strong start, the Lakers’ offensive rebounding rate has dipped. They’re rebounding 27.7% of their misses – 21st in the league but still better than their 24.4% offensive rebounding rate last season.

8. The Lakers have had great ball security, only turning the ball over on 12.4% of their possessions, the league’s fourth-best mark. Winning the possession battle was a priority for Redick and taking care of the ball is an important factor in achieving that.

9. The Lakers are not only No. 4 in free-throw volume (27 per game), but they’re also No. 4 in accuracy so far at 81.5%. LeBron James (81.6%), Russell (90%), Jaxson Hayes (78.9%) and Rui Hachimura (83.3%) are among the Lakers who are shooting career-highs from the foul line.

10. Despite Redick emphasizing 3-point volume coming into the season, the Lakers are attempting 32.8 3-point shots per game through 10 games compared to 31.4 last season.

Editor’s note: Thanks for reading the Purple & Bold Lakers newsletter from reporter Khobi Price. To receive the newsletter in your inbox, sign up here.

RELATED ARTICLES
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
Lakers seek toughness ahead of game with depleted Mavericks

Originally Published: November 11, 2024 at 12:22 PM PST
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A 70-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Rechol.com
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Utah Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
The Worst City in America is Found in Utah
Definition
Top Engineer Designs Nail Clipper Specially for Seniors in Salt Lake City
viveala
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Myelodysplastic
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Salt Lake City Home
Ribili
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back
Tom Hanks’ son: Palisades fire burning family’s neighborhood ‘to the ground’
Man convicted of human trafficking of a minor in Orange County
Disney Imagineers who built Disneyland lost their homes in Altadena fire
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
‘Like you’re on a different planet:’ Malibu left decimated by Palisades fire
Where did California rents fall the most last year?
In tiny, charming Sierra Madre, Eaton fire destroys homes, forces scores of residents to flee
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN LAKERS
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
2024
November
11
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/11/11/after-10-games-10-things-weve-learned-about-the-lakers/ 
 ----- 
