Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Sport
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Football
Business & Economy
Middle-East
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
What chance does South Africa’s genocide case against Israel have at the International Court of Justice?
What chance does South Africa’s genocide case against Israel have at the International Court of Justice?
Previous
SPECIAL
1 / 2
Palestinian women mourn their relatives who were killed in an overnight Israeli strike on the Al-Maghazi refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip on December 24, 2023. Israel is now facing a case of genocide at the UN’s top judicial agency over its indiscriminate strikes on Palestinian civilian centers in Gaza. (AFP)
SPECIAL
2 / 2
Indiscriminate shellings and bombings by Israeli defense forces have killed more than 20,000 people in Gaza and displaced hundreds of thousands more from their homes. (AFP)
Next
Short Url

https://arab.news/bfu3d

The South African government has accused Israel of breaching its obligations under the Genocide Convention
If the court finds there is a “plausible risk” of Israel committing genocidal acts in Gaza, pressure will grow for a ceasefire
Updated 05 January 2024
ALEX WHITEMAN
January 04, 2024 23:48
5398
     
 Follow

LONDON: South Africa’s decision to bring a case against Israel at the UN’s top judicial agency over what it describes as “genocidal acts” in Gaza represents a watershed moment for international law, according to experts.

The International Court of Justice confirmed it has received an 84-page suit, filed on Dec. 29, detailing purported brutal practices in breach of Israel’s obligations under the Genocide Convention, and said a hearing will take place on Jan. 11 and 12.

Michelle Kelsall, a senior lecturer in international law at the SOAS University of London and co-director of the Centre for Human Rights Law, said an ICJ ruling that finds there is a “plausible risk” of Israel committing genocidal acts would mark an important development in the push for a ceasefire agreement.

South African President Cyril Ramaphosa, shown in this September 19, 2023, photo at the UN General Assembly, has accused Israel ofthe crime of genocide against Palestinians in Gaza. (AFP)

“If the court does determine that there is a plausible risk to genocidal acts being committed, it may order provisional measures in line with what South Africa is requesting, which would be in keeping with recent case law determined by the court,” Kelsall told Arab News.

“Notably, it does not need to determine if Israel is committing genocidal acts in order for the obligation to prevent to be invoked, or to order provisional measures. It is sufficient that a plausible risk of genocide occurring has been proven, based on the evidence presented.”

Such evidence includes not only mass casualties, which now exceed 22,000 according to the Hamas-run health ministry in Gaza, but impediments to births through damage to essential health services, the destruction of homes, blockades preventing the provision of food, water and medical assistance, and widespread expulsions and displacement of Gazans.

OPINION
Dr. Dania Koleilat Khatib
Odds stacked against Israel in genocide case
READ ARTICLE

These actions, the suit argues, can only be read as being “intended to bring about destruction (of Palestinians) as a group,” in violation of the 1948 convention’s definition of genocide as “acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group.”

Furthermore, the suit argues that statements by Israeli officials, including embattled Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, demonstrate the “genocidal intent” necessary to prove a claim of genocide.

Cited evidence of this includes Netanyahu’s comparison of Palestinians to the biblical story of the Amalek nation, which God ordered Israelites to destroy, and his assertion on Dec. 26 that the fighting would be “deepened” despite the high civilian death toll.

In a sign of utter disregard of Palestinian lives, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned that the offensive in Gaza would be “deepened” despite the high civilian death toll. (Pool photo via Reuters/File)

Mai El-Sadany, a human rights lawyer and director of the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy, recently told Al Jazeera that the South African legal documentation was particularly prescient, given what she described as “heightened disinformation around the war.”

She said the case would have significant implications, adding that the proceedings within the ICJ were “important in slowing the normalization of any mass atrocities committed by Israel.”

El-Sadany added: “They send a message that if a country commits mass atrocities, as Israel is doing, it must expect to be brought before an international court, for its record to be critiqued against international norms, and for its reputation on the international stage to take a hit.”

FASTFACTS

FASTFACTS South Africa’s 84-page suit accuses Israel of breaching the Genocide Convention.

The International Court of Justice hearing at the Hague will take place Jan. 11-12.

Kelsall said Israel’s allies might also find themselves in the spotlight, as “the Court stands to make an important pronouncement regarding obligations to prevent genocide more generally, which could have ramifications for states other than South Africa and Israel.”

This, she added, reflects the ICJ’s assertion following the 1995 Bosnian genocide that the obligation to prevent such crimes must take into account the geographical distance of the state concerned from the scene of the crimes, and the strength of political connections and ties of other kinds.

“While South Africa may have limited capacity to do more than it already has (in requesting provisional measures from the court), several other states, including the US and the UK, may be put on notice of a much more significant obligation to prevent genocide,” said Kelsall.

This picture taken on January 3, 2024 shows a view of buildings destroyed by Israeli bombardment in the central Gaza Strip amid the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas. (AFP)

Israel’s Foreign Ministry condemned the filing of the case as “despicable and contemptuous exploitation” of the ICJ, and accused the South African government of “blood libel” and being “criminally complicit” in the Oct. 7 attacks by Hamas on Israel.

Nonetheless, Israeli officials appear to be taking the move seriously. The government’s spokesperson, Eylon Levy, confirmed it would defend its practices at the court in The Hague, with American lawyer Alan Dershowitz reportedly in line to lead the defense.

This is in itself an indication of the potential ramifications for the Israeli government, with some commentators suggesting the nation might face a bevy of sanctions as domestic pressure forces the hands of allies in London and Washington.

Sarang Shidore, director of the Washington-based Quincy Institute, told Al Jazeera a ruling in favor of South Africa’s case would certainly put pressure on the Biden administration in this presidential election year.

A ruling against Israel could have “implications for the standing of the US,” he said.

“The Biden administration is increasingly vulnerable to domestic opponents of the war and international charges of double standards (but) my sense is that the Biden administration, and some key European allies, will strongly back Israel at the ICJ. We shall see.”

 

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA EDITOR’S CHOICE GENOCIDE IN GAZA ISRAELI WAR CRIMES SOUTH AFRICA CYRIL RAMAPHOSA ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU
You May Also Like
Explore the Top 20 Cleanest and Safest Blue Flag Beaches Worldwi de
zenlifemag
Learn More
Saudi weekly PoS transactions close 2024 with $3.6bn in value: SAMA  
arabnews
Unsold eco friendly homes in Taipei (Take a look at the prices)
Eco Homes | Search Ad
Learn More
Tackling anti-Muslim hate should be a priority
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 510
South Africa launches case at top UN court accusing Israel of genocide in Gaza
 2415
Indonesians support South Africa’s genocide case against Israel at World Court
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying
Updated 02 January 2025
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 11:08
161
     

DUBAI: An Israeli hostage held by Gaza’s Islamic Jihad militant group has tried to take his own life, the spokesperson for the movement’s armed wing said in a video posted on Telegram on Thursday.
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying, the Al Quds Brigades spokesperson added, without going into any more detail on the hostage’s identity or current condition.
Israeli authorities did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Militants led by Gaza’s ruling Hamas movement killed 1,200 people and took 251 others hostage in an attack in southern Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, according to Israeli tallies. Hamas ally Islamic Jihad also took part in the assault.
The military campaign that Israel launched in response has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians, according to health officials in the coastal enclave.
Islamic Jihad spokesman Abu Hamza said the hostage had tried to take his own life three days ago due to his psychological state, without going into more details.
Abu Hamza accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government of setting new conditions that had led to “the failure and delay” of negotiations for the hostage’s release.
The man had been scheduled to be released with other hostages under the conditions of the first stage of an exchange deal with Israel, Abu Hamza said. He did not specify when the man had been scheduled to be released or under which deal.
Arab mediators’ efforts, backed by the United States, have so far failed to conclude a ceasefire in Gaza, under a possible deal that would also see the release of Israeli hostages in return for the freedom of Palestinians in Israeli prisons.
Islamic Jihad’s armed wing had issued a decision to tighten the security and safety measures for the hostages, Abu Hamza added.
In July, Islamic Jihad’s armed wing said some Israeli hostages had tried to kill themselves after it started treating them in what it said was the same way that Israel treated Palestinian prisoners.
“We will keep treating Israeli hostages the same way Israel treats our prisoners,” Abu Hamza said at that time. Israel has dismissed accusations that it mistreats Palestinian prisoners.

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
You May Also Like
Discover the Top 20 Blue Flag Beaches You Must Visit This Year!
zenlifemag
Learn More
Authorities review Ramadan readi ness in Madinah
arabnews
The 10 Best Laser Cutting Machin es 2024 - See Cost
Laser Cutting Machines
Search Now
SRC and Hassana launch mortgag e-backed securities to boost real estate investment
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
Israeli airstrikes kill at least 37 across Gaza, medics say
Updated 31 min ago
AGENCIES
January 02, 2025 14:26
125
     

CAIRO: Israeli airstrikes killed at least 37 Palestinians across the Gaza Strip on Thursday, including 11 people in a tent encampment sheltering displaced families, medics said.
They said the 11 included women and children in the Al-Mawasi district, which was designated as a humanitarian zone for civilians earlier in the war between Israel and Gaza’s ruling Hamas militant group, now in its 15th month. The director general of Gaza’s police department, Mahmoud Salah, and his aide, Hussam Shahwan, were killed in the strike, according to the Hamas-run Gaza interior ministry.
“By committing the crime of assassinating the director general of police in the Gaza Strip, the occupation is insisting on spreading chaos in the (enclave) and deepening the human suffering of citizens,” it added in a statement.
The Israeli military said it had conducted an intelligence-based strike in Al-Mawasi, just west of the city of Khan Younis, and eliminated Shahwan, calling him the head of Hamas security forces in southern Gaza. It made no mention of Salah’s death.
Other Israeli airstrikes killed at least 26 Palestinians, including six in the interior ministry headquarters in Khan Younis and others in north Gaza’s Jabalia refugee camp, the Shati (Beach) camp and central Gaza’s Maghazi camp.
Israel’s military said it had targeted Hamas militants who intelligence indicated were operating in a command and control center “embedded inside the Khan Younis municipality building in the Humanitarian Area.”
Asked about the reported 37 deaths, a spokesperson for the Israeli military said it followed international law in waging the war in Gaza and that it took “feasible precautions to mitigate civilian harm.”
The military has accused Gaza militants of using built-up residential areas for cover. Hamas denies this.
Hamas’ smaller ally Islamic Jihad said it fired rockets into the southern Israeli kibbutz of Holit near Gaza on Thursday. The Israeli military said it intercepted one projectile in the area that had crossed from southern Gaza. Israel has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians in the war, according to Gaza’s health ministry. Most of Gaza’s 2.3 million people have been displaced and much of the tiny, heavily built-up coastal territory is in ruins. The war was triggered by Hamas’ Oct. 7, 2023 cross-border attack on southern Israel in which 1,200 people were killed and another 251 taken hostage to Gaza, according to Israeli tallies. 

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
RELATED
 161
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
 412
Tens of thousands of people in Istanbul protest Gaza war
27 migrants die off Tunisia, 83 rescued, in shipwrecks: civil defence
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 14:09
124
     

TUNIS:  Twenty-seven migrants, including women and children, died after two boats capsized off central Tunisia, with 83 people rescued, a civil defense official told AFP on Thursday.
The rescued and dead passengers, who were found off the Kerkennah Islands off central Tunisia, were aiming to reach Europe and were all from sub-Saharan African countries, said Zied Sdiri, head of civil defense in the city of Sfax.
Searches were still underway for other possible missing passengers, according to the Tunisian National Guard, which oversees the coast guard.
Tunisia is a key departure point for irregular migrants seeking to reach Europe with Italy, whose island of Lampedusa is only 150 kilometers (90 miles) from Tunisia, often their first port of call.
Each year, tens of thousands of people attempt the perilous Mediterranean crossing, which has seen a spate of recent shipwrecks, with the dangers exacerbated by bad weather.
On December 18, at least 20 migrants from sub-Saharan Africa died in a shipwreck off the city of Sfax, with five others missing.
Earlier on December 12, the coast guard rescued 27 African migrants near Jebeniana, north of Sfax, but 15 were reported dead or missing.
Since the beginning of the year, the Tunisian human rights group FTDES has counted “between 600 and 700” migrants killed or missing in shipwrecks off Tunisia. More than 1,300 migrants died or disappeared in 2023.
kl/bou/dcp

       Follow
Syria forces launch security sweep in Homs city: state media
Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 08:00
385
     

DAMASCUS: Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday, with a monitor saying targets include protest organizers from the Alawite minority of the former president.
“The Ministry of Interior, in cooperation with the Military Operations Department, begins a wide-scale combing operation in the neighborhoods of Homs city,” state news agency SANA said quoting a security official.
The statement said the targets were “war criminals and those involved in crimes who refused to hand over their weapons and go to the settlement centers” but also “fugitives from justice, in addition to hidden ammunition and weapons.”
Since Islamist-led rebels seized power in a lightning offensive last month, the transitional government has been registering former conscripts and soldiers and asking them to hand over their weapons.
“The Ministry of Interior calls on the residents of the neighborhoods of Wadi Al-Dhahab, Akrama not to go out to the streets, remain home, and fully cooperate with our forces,” the statement said.
Rami Abdel Rahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor, told AFP the two districts are majority-Alawite — the community from which ousted President Bashar Assad hails.
“The ongoing campaign aims to search for former Shabiha and those who organized or participated in the Alawite demonstrations last week, which the administration considered as incitement against” its authority, he said.
Shabiha were notorious pro-government militias tasked with helping to crush dissent under Assad.
On December 25, thousands protested in several areas of Syria after a video circulated showing an attack on an Alawite shrine in the country’s north.
AFP was unable to independently verify the footage or the date of the incident but the interior ministry said the video was “old and dates to the time of the liberation” of Aleppo in December.
Since seizing power, Syria’s new leadership has repeatedly tried to reassure minorities that they will not be harmed.
Alawites fear backlash against their community both as a religious minority and because of its long association with the Assad family.
Last week, security forces launched an operation against pro-Assad fighters in the western province of Tartus, in the Alawite heartland, state media had said, a day after 14 security personnel of the new authorities and three gunmen were killed in clashes there.

       Follow
Topics: FALL OF ASSAD
RELATED
 107
VIDEO
Saudi Arabia launches air bridge to deliver urgent aid to Syria
 291
11 years on, Syria protesters demand answers on abducted activists
Palestinian Authority suspends broadcast of Qatar’s Al-Jazeera TV temporarily
The authority accuses the broadcaster of sowing division in the Middle East and Palestine
The authority says Al-Jazeera was airing 'inciting material' from Jenin camp in the West Bank
Updated 02 January 2025
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 09:33
106
     

CAIRO: The Palestinian Authority suspended the broadcast of Qatar’s Al-Jazeera TV temporarily over “inciting material,” Palestinian official news agency WAFA reported on Wednesday.
A ministerial committee that includes the culture, interior and communications ministries decided to suspend the broadcaster’s operations over what they described as broadcasting “inciting material and reports that were deceiving and stirring strife” in the country.
The decision isn’t expected to be implemented in Hamas-run Gaza where the Palestinian Authority does not exercise power.
Al-Jazeera TV last week came under criticism by the Palestinian Authority over its coverage of the weeks-long standoff between Palestinian security forces and militant fighters in the Jenin camp in the occupied West Bank.
Fatah, the faction which controls the Palestinian Authority, said the broadcaster was sowing division in “our Arab homeland in general and in Palestine in particular.” It encouraged Palestinians not to cooperate with the network.
Israeli forces in September issued Al-Jazeera with a military order to shut down operations, after they raided the outlet’s bureau in the West Bank city of Ramallah.

 

       Follow
Topics: AL-JAZEERA PALESTINE
Latest Updates
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 1
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 11
Sri Lanka launches nationwide program to become ‘cleanest country in Asia’
 29
Saudi Foreign Minister receives his Syrian counterpart
 41
Malaysia grants WeChat, TikTok licenses to operate under new law
 26
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 621
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 529
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1186
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2436421/middle-east 
 ----- 
