We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
MORE OPTIONS
DISAGREE
AGREE
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Matches
News
Videos
Players
More
Tickets
Shop
(opens new window)
Menu
Smith, Abbott in as Australia make two changes
11 Nov 2023
Louis Cameron, at MCA Stadium, Pune
Share

Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Starc put on ice for final group match against Bangladesh

01:09
Play video
'He will inspire the next generation': McDonald on Maxwell

Australia have rested key men Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Starc for their dead rubber contest against Bangladesh, with Steve Smith back and Sean Abbott in for his first World Cup match.

Pat Cummins won the toss and elected to bowl first on Saturday morning at Pune's MCA Stadium as the Aussies made two changes from the team that pulled off a miracle three-wicket win over Afghanistan earlier this week.

Australia XI: David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh, Steve Smith, Marnus Labuschagne, Josh Inglis (wk), Marcus Stoinis, Sean Abbott, Pat Cummins (c), Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood #CWC23

— cricket.com.au (@cricketcomau) November 11, 2023

That result locked them into a semi-final spot. They are virtually guaranteed to face South Africa in Kolkata unless Pakistan can beat England by an outrageous margin in today's other match.

Sean Abbott will make his World Cup debut against Bangladesh // Getty

The Aussies are wrapping cotton wool around Maxwell, who is still recovering from his taxing double-ton week, and Starc ahead of their knockout clash with the Proteas.

They might have been tempted to rest another bowler – like Starc, captain Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood and Adam Zampa have each played in every World Cup match so far – but Cameron Green will remain on the sidelines.

Smith returns after missing the Afghanistan match due to vertigo. 

Good batting conditions were expected despite a deluge of rain overnight. 

"Looks like a good wicket but early morning, it feels like there might be some swing in the air," Cummins said at the toss for what is only the second day game Australia are playing in this tournament.

"We still probably haven’t played the complete game so hopefully we can take a few early wickets today and then chase down a good total."

Bangladesh have made three changes to their XI.

Australia v Bangladesh: All you need to know

They are without their star player and captain, Shakib al-Hasan. Najmul Shanto is leading in his stead and Mahedi Hasan has come in to replace him. Like his near namesake, Mehidy Hasan, Mahedi is also an off-spinning allrounder.

Mustafizur Rahman has replaced fellow left-arm paceman Shoriful Islam, while Nasum Ahmed is in for Tanzim Sakib. 

Coach Chandika Hathurusingha, the former Sri Lanka batter who has spent time coaching with New South Wales, conceded would Shakib difficult to replace.

Mitch Starc gives wicketkeeping a go in the warm up // Getty

"We are actually spoiled. We've had him for a long, long time and when you have someone of Shakib's calibre, number one all-rounder, it's two players in one

"It's hard to do much with the combination. We will definitely want to fill his bowling vacuum with another spinner or a fast bowler. It's batting we're going to miss and his leadership. It's hard."

Australia's 2023 ODI World Cup fixtures

October 8: Lost to India by six wickets

October 12: Lost to South Africa by 134 runs

October 16: Beat Sri Lanka by five wickets

October 20: Beat Pakistan by 62 runs

October 25: Beat Netherlands by 309 runs

October 28: Beat New Zealand by five runs

November 4: Beat England by 33 runs

November 7: Beat Afghanistan by three wickets

November 11: v Bangladesh, Pune, 4pm AEDT

Australia squad: Pat Cummins (c), Sean Abbott, Alex Carey, Cameron Green, Josh Hazlewood, Travis Head, Josh Inglis, Marnus Labuschagne, Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Steve Smith, Mitchell Starc, Marcus Stoinis, David Warner, Adam Zampa

2023 World Cup standings
Team
M	W	L	T	N/R	NRR	Ded.	PTS

1
IND
9	9	0	0	0	2.57	0	18

2
SA
9	7	2	0	0	1.261	0	14

3
AUS
9	7	2	0	0	0.841	0	14

4
NZ
9	5	4	0	0	0.743	0	10

5
PAK
9	4	5	0	0	-0.199	0	8

6
AFG
9	4	5	0	0	-0.336	0	8

7
ENG
9	3	6	0	0	-0.572	0	6

8
BAN
9	2	7	0	0	-1.087	0	4

9
SL
9	2	7	0	0	-1.419	0	4

10
NED
9	2	7	0	0	-1.825	0	4
Legend

M:
Matches played

W:
Wins

L:
Losses

T:
Ties

N/R:
No results

NRR:
Net Run Rate

Ded.:
Deductions

PTS:
Total points

Related News
BBL|14 run home: How each team can qualify for finals
6h ago
cricket.com.au
MATCH REPORT
Sutherland, Rogers lead Renegades to sensational win
6h ago
Max Hatzoglou
Fresh challenge but familiar surrounds amid Sri Lanka return
10h ago
Andrew Ramsey
Sydney Thunder v Hobart Hurricanes: match preview
12h ago
Jack Paynter
© 2025 Cricket Australia. All rights reserved.
cricket.com.au is a production of CA Digital Media – a division of Cricket Australia.
Privacy Policy
Collection Statement
Terms & Conditions
Advertise
Contact Us
Cricket Australia Live App 
(opens new window)
Play Cricket 
(opens new window)
instagram
twitter
tiktok
facebook
youtube
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricket.com.au/news/3778091/australia-bangladesh-maxwell-starc-pune-world-cup-2023-group-toss-result 
 ----- 
