Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
EASYODDS
Armenia vs Latvia Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 7th September 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 3:30am on Thu 5th September 2024  (last updated 2:30am 07/09/2024)

Armenia take on Latvia at Republican Stadium - Vazgen Sargsyan, where an exciting match should be on the cards on Saturday. It is one of the matches in round one of the group phase of the UEFA Nations League this season. Armenia took a hit when Latvia handed them a 2-0 defeat in their latest encounter. The former did win the reverse match though, as they secured a triumph to their name by claiming a 2-1 win.

Armenia enter their upcoming game placed as number 97 in the FIFA world ranking. There is a bit of a gap to opponents Latvia, who enter the game ranked number 137 in the world.

Heading into their opening UEFA Nations League group match Armenia should be capable of dismissing the resistance from Latvia. Armenia will attempt to get through the group stages effortlessly, thus dropping points here is not on the agenda.

Armenia only average a modest 1.5 goals per game in their last six matches in this tournament, in which they scored nine goals. They also conceded six for an average of one per game. They kept their opponents from scoring two times.

Armenia vs Latvia Prediction
Armenia Form

Armenia lost twice in their last three matches, as they were defeated 2-1 by Czech Republic and 2-1 against Slovenia. They turned the table by winning 2-1 against Kazakhstan. Armenia claimed just a single measly win from a possible six, which also saw them drawing one and losing four matches, in which they scored five and conceded eight goals.

Latvia Form

Latvia came through the last three games without a win, but still managed to record two draws in this run. They lost 2-0 against Poland, followed by a 1-1 draw with Cyprus. In their last match, they finished even 1-1 against Liechtenstein. Latvia managed to win just once in their past six internationals. They also drew two and lost three, while scoring eight time and letting in three.

Armenia, as well as Latvia, have been keeping things tight in recent matches with goals few and far between. This suggests a close encounter shy on goals is on the cards this coming Saturday.

Astonishingly, Armenia failed to keep a clean sheet in their last 21 matches.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Armenia vs Latvia Stats
Armenia have conceded in the last 21 matches in a row
Armenia have lost 7 of the last 9 matches while scoring less than 1.5 goals
In 10 of the last 11 Armenia matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
Armenia have conceded in 13 of the last 15 home matches
Armenia have not won 9 of the last 10 matches
Latvia have not won 13 of the last 15 matches
Latvia have conceded in 16 of the last 18 matches
In 8 of the last 9 Latvia matches the sum of goals was under 2.5
Latvia have not won the last 8 away matches in a row
Latvia have lost 5 of the last 6 away matches while scoring less than 1.5 goals
Armenia vs Latvia Team News
Armenia vs Latvia H2H

Armenia took a hit when Latvia handed them a 2-0 defeat in their latest encounter. The former did win the reverse match though, as they secured a triumph to their name by claiming a 2-1 win. Armenia have a 25% win rate against Latvia, who won two of these matches. The total record reads 1-1-2, which is worth keeping in mind before you make a choice for your next accumulator, depending on your betting strategy.

Armenia vs Latvia Results

The scenario of both teams to score came out one time in the last four matches between Armenia and Latvia.

Armenia vs Latvia Betting Tips

Having scored just once lately for his country, Varazdat Haroyan will be eager to hit the target again, and the upcoming game presents an opportunity to step up. Latvia hope Andrejs Ciganiks can inflict some damage on their upcoming opponents by adding to his tally of two goals in his last six international matches.

Armenia claimed all three points three times in their last 10 home matches across all tournaments, while also drawing two along the way. They endured defeat in five of the games in this run. Latvia won two of their last 10 games away, while drawing two and losing six in this series of matches. Strap yourselves up for a goals at Republican Stadium - Vazgen Sargsyan since both teams scored in six of the last 10 home matches for Armenia. The same occurred in five of the last 10 league games away from home for Latvia.

Over 2.5 goals came out one time in the last four encounters between these two teams. Armenia managed an average of 0.5 goals, with Latvia averaging 1.25 goals in these games. Both teams to score was a winning bet one time in this run of matches. Over 2.5 goals happened in four of Armenia’s last ten matches across all tournaments. They pulled off an average of 0.7 goals during this run. Over 2.5 goals came up in two of Latvia's previous ten matches across all tournaments. They managed to score an average of 0.5 goals in these matches.

Tips
Under 2.5
You don't look for Armenia or Latvia, to provide with a lot of entertainment currently, as both are playing mostly tight matches with few goals. The value-bet lies with under 2.5 goals on Saturday.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/armenia-vs-latvia-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-7th-september-2024 
 ----- 
