Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Armenia vs Latvia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
Armenia vs Latvia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Sep 05, 2024 15:51 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Armenia will face Latvia - Source: Getty

Armenia will face Latvia at the Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium on Saturday in the opening game of their 2024-25 UEFA Nations League campaign. The home side endured a very poor Nations League campaign in 2022, kicking things off with a 1-0 win over Ireland before going on to lose each of their subsequent five group games as they were relegated from League B.

After losing each of their first three games in 2024, Armenia finally returned to winning ways last time out, beating Kazakhstan 2-1 via a first-half own goal and a second-half Vahan Bichakhchyan strike.

Meanwhile, Latvia featured in League D of the Nations League in 2022, winning four of their six group games to finish atop their group with 13 points from an obtainable 18. They are set to make their League C debut this week and will be looking to start things off on a positive note.

Trending

They faced the Faroe Islands in their most recent outing, picking up a 1-0 win via a second-half strike from Andrejs Ciganiks to secure a third-place finish in the 2024 Baltic Cup.

Armenia vs Latvia Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Saturday's game will mark the fifth meeting between Armenia and Latvia. The hosts have won one of their previous matchups while the visitors have won twice, with their final matchup ending in a draw.
The two sides last faced off in a European Championship qualifying clash last October, which the visitors won 2-0 despite finishing the game with 10 men.
The visitors have failed to score any goals in three of their last four games in this fixture.
Latvia were ranked 137th in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 40 places behind their weekend opponents.
Armenia vs Latvia Prediction

Armenia's latest result ended a four-game losing streak and they will be looking to kick on from that on Saturday. They have won just one of their last four games on home soil but will remain hopeful of a favorable result against significantly weaker opposition this weekend.

Similarly, Latvia saw their latest result end a six-game winless run and will be looking to build on that this weekend. They are, however, without a win in their last 10 games on foreign grounds and could see defeat here.

Prediction: Armenia 1-0 Latvia

Armenia vs Latvia Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Armenia to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Under 2.5 goals (Three of the last four matches between the two teams have produced fewer than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: NO (Both sides have found the back of the net in just one of their last four matchups)

Quick Links

UEFA Nations League 2024-25 Armenia Football Latvia Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/armenia-vs-latvia-prediction-betting-tips-september-7th-2024 
 ----- 
