MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
With one swing, Shohei Ohtani ignites the Dodgers in Game 1 win
By Fabian Ardaya
Oct 6, 2024

17

LOS ANGELES — Another Game 1 — and potentially another postseason — careened toward disaster for the Los Angeles Dodgers a mere 8 minutes after the first pitch. A team urged by its manager to deliver the first blow after consecutive playoff flops instead staggered backward again.

But what a difference a year makes. What a difference Shohei Ohtani makes.

That much was clear as the Dodgers, facing a three-run deficit before they took even a single at-bat, searched for their counterpunch and landed on their $700 million man. It was vibrant as Ohtani timed a 97 mph Dylan Cease fastball at the top of the zone and smoked it into the right-field bleachers, tying the game and giving the Dodgers life as they tried to avoid a third such dud in as many postseasons. Dodger Stadium shook as Ohtani flung his bat to the side and watched it fly.

Ohtani has officially arrived in October, as have the Dodgers. They rallied twice from early deficits, survived another implosion from a starting pitcher in the postseason and, with a 7-5 win in Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the San Diego Padres, gave themselves life.

This is the version of the Dodgers that manager Dave Roberts said was coming, be it manifesting hope or sincere belief.

“For me,” Roberts said, “I’m just looking to throw the first punch.”

Instead, he saw his team get off the mat.

“I talked about this for a few weeks — we need to fight,” Roberts said. “And that’s what we did tonight.”

	“When you have Shohei Ohtani on your team, that always helps,” Freddie Freeman said. (Harry How / Getty Images)

The Dodgers fought despite being in a perilous hole. Not once in 14 attempts had a Dodgers club come back and won a postseason game after trailing by three or more runs after the first inning — including losing 364 days ago, when the Arizona Diamondbacks blitzed Clayton Kershaw for six runs and knocked him out after he had recorded just one out.

That night cast a pall that would not be undone over three nights in an unceremonious sweep. When the Padres bombarded Yoshinobu Yamamoto in the first inning for three runs, including a two-run home run from Manny Machado, it slowed a sold-out Dodger Stadium to something of a crawl.

“I mean, you could almost feel it in the stadium,” Max Muncy said. “Then thankfully we have a guy whose name is Shohei Ohtani and he injected an absolute lightning bolt into the stadium.”

Will Smith’s walk and Gavin Lux’s lined single had put the Padres into a position they hope to avoid as much as possible over the next few games: Ohtani up and nowhere to put him. Any facetious attempts to mask a game plan against him go out the window then. And Cease, who had challenged Ohtani with an elevated fastball in his first at-bat and got him to fly out to shallow left, tried a similar formula to get back into a 2-1 count.

Ohtani connected.

“I thoroughly enjoyed it,” Ohtani said through interpreter Will Ireton.

In his first major-league postseason game, he embraced the moment he chose to sign here for.

“I just really have never seen a guy in the biggest of moments come through as consistently as he has,” Roberts said.

The Dodgers had life again.

“When you have Shohei Ohtani on your team, that always helps,” Freddie Freeman said.

As the Dodgers rolled to erase another deficit two innings later, Ohtani was again in the middle of it all. After Tommy Edman’s bunt single and Miguel Rojas’ liner to left, Ohtani shattered his bat and still muscled the ball into the outfield to load the bases. When Padres reliever Adrian Morejon’s wild pitch brought home a run, Shildt intentionally walked Mookie Betts — even with two strikes. Two batters later, Teoscar Hernández’s single brought home Ohtani and Betts to give the Dodgers a lead they wouldn’t surrender.

It also gave them air. For the first time since Game 4 of the NLDS against these very same Padres, the Dodgers had a lead in a postseason game. For the first time since Game 2 of that series, they had a lead at home.

“From then on it was, ‘Alright, we’ve got this. This is not the same as years past. We’re good,’” Muncy said.

Now, thanks to Ohtani, a gutty performance out of Freeman and six scoreless innings from a bullpen the Dodgers’ have touted amid questions about the rotation, the Dodgers also have a lead in the series.

It took a bit to get there. Ohtani noted some difficulty in firing up in his first instance coming back from a bye. Another brief outing from a starter didn’t help, giving Dodgers starters 18 runs allowed over their last 7 2/3 postseason innings.

It also took what the Dodgers didn’t have last year: perhaps the best player on the planet amid one of the most torrid stretches of his career, hitting well over .500 during what is now a 13-game hitting streak and collecting hits in 14 of his last 17 at-bats with runners in scoring position.

The Dodgers didn’t want Ohtani to have to carry them. So he propelled them instead.

“When you get a player like Shohei, who clearly embraces these moments and has the ability to carry a ballclub, I do think that there’s something to the alleviating the — I hate saying ‘pressure’ — but the pressure for other players,” Roberts said. “He’s just very unique and talented. This is kind of what he’s been ever since an adolescent, I’m sure, the best player on the field.

“I think there’s something to having that superstar player that can carry a ballclub.”

Saturday night, he did just that.

(Top photo of Shohei Ohtani: Harry How / Getty Images)

Fabian Ardaya is a staff writer covering the Los Angeles Dodgers for The Athletic. He previously spent three seasons covering the crosstown Los Angeles Angels for The Athletic. He graduated from Arizona State University’s Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication in May 2017 after growing up in a Phoenix-area suburb. Follow Fabian on Twitter @FabianArdaya

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5821661/2024/10/06/dodgers-padres-shohei-ohtani-homer/ 
 ----- 
