Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors Prediction and Preview | Oct. 27, 2024
LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors Prediction and Preview | Oct. 27, 2024
By
Rajdeep Barman
Modified Oct 27, 2024 10:29 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors Prediction and Preview | Oct. 27, 2024

The LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors matchup is one of the five NBA games scheduled for Sunday. The Warriors are off to a 2-0 start, while the Clippers are 1-1.

The two Western Conference teams have played each other 236 times, with Golden State holding a lopsided 138-98 record. They met four times last season, as LA took the series 3-1. In their most recent game on Feb. 14, the Clippers won 130-125 behind James Harden’s 26 points and seven assists. The Warriors were led by Steph Curry’s 41 points and five assists.

LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors game details and odds

The LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors game is scheduled for 8:30 p.m. EDT on Sunday, Oct. 27, at Chase Center. The game will be broadcast locally on NBC Sports Bay Area and FanDuel Sports Network - SoCal. It can also be streamed live on NBA League Pass and FuboTV.

Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Moneyline: Clippers (+350) vs. Warriors (-450)

Spread: Clippers (+10) vs. Warriors (-10)

Total (O/U): Clippers -110 (o221.5) vs. Warriors -110 (u221.5)

Editor's note: The odds could change close to the game. The odds listed were as per available information at the time of writing.

LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors preview

The Clippers started their season with a 116-113 OT loss against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday. They bounced back strong to upset the Denver Nuggets 109-104 on Saturday. James Harden is back to playing at an MVP level, as he had 24 points, 16 assists and six rebounds in the win. He found great support in Norman Powell who had 37 points.

The Warriors weren’t favored by many analysts heading into the season. They went unbeaten in the preseason and are now off to a 2-0 start. They started their regular season with a 140-104 road win against the Portland Trail Blazers. Then, they beat the Utah Jazz 127-86 on the road yet again.

Golden State’s combined point differential in the first two games was 77 points, the highest by any team to start an NBA season. It will make its season debut at home on Sunday.

LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors predicted starting lineups

The Clippers are without Kawhi Leonard (knee), Mo Bamba (knee) and P.J. Tucker (not with the team). LA coach Ty Lue should start:

PG: James Harden SG: Norman Powell SF: Terance Mann PF: Derrick Jones Jr. C: Ivica Zubac

The Clippers’ key bench players should be Kevin Porter Jr., Kriss Dunn, Amir Coffey and Nicolas Batum.

The Warriors didn’t report any injuries for the game. Golden State coach Steve Kerr should start:

PG: Steph Curry SG: Andrew Wiggins SF: Jonathan Kuminga PF: Draymond Green C: Trayce Jackson-Davis

Golden State’s key bench players should be Buddy Hield, Brandin Podziemski, De’Anthony Melton, Moses Moody, Gary Payton II, Kyle Anderson and Kevon Looney.

Editor's note: These are the predicted lineups and could change based on the availability of players.

LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors betting props

James Harden’s assists total is set at 9.5. He leads the league with 12.0 assists per game. As he is expected to be the core focus of the Warriors denfense, expect Harden to dish out a lot of passes and cross the 9.5-assist mark.

Steph Curry’s points prop is set at 24.5. He averaged just 18.5 points across the two games as he sat out the fourth quarter of both matchups. If Curry plays the full four quarters on Sunday, he should score more than 24.5 points.

LA Clippers vs Golden State Warriors prediction

The Warriors are heavy favorites at home. While the Clippers should provide a bigger challenge than the Trail Blazers and Jazz, Golden State should still get a win while covering the 10-point spread. This should be a high-scoring game with the team total crossing the 221.5-point mark.

Warriors Nation! You can check out the latest Golden State Warriors Schedule and dive into the Warriors Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Clippers James Harden Stephen Curry NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Google Trends Game Preview
Edited by Debasish
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/la-clippers-vs-golden-state-warriors-prediction-preview-oct-27-2024 
 ----- 
