Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BUSINESS
Labour disputes threaten to disrupt air travel heading into busy summer season

More than 9,000 border service workers across the country could go on strike as soon as Thursday.

Updated July 2, 2024 at 2:21 p.m.
June 5, 2024
3 min read
Save

People line up before entering the security zone at Toronto’s Pearson airport. The union representing border service workers will be in a position to strike as of June 6.

Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo
By Ghada AlsharifWork and Wealth Reporter

From potential strikes at the border to stalled contract negotiations with major airlines, the Canadian travel industry is facing a perfect storm of worker discontent that threatens to disrupt summer travel plans, with experts predicting labour disputes to continue for at least the next year.

Canadians and visitors could find themselves waiting in long lines at the border — delays that could also deal a blow to the economy — as more than 9,000 border service workers employed across the country by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) could go on strike as soon as Thursday.

The workers, who are represented by the Public Service Alliance of Canada’s Customs and Immigration Union, have already secured a strike mandate and are in mediation with the Treasury Board, which oversees federal government spending and serves as the primary employer for public service workers.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The union will be a position to strike June 6, said Customs and Immigration Union president Mark Weber.

“What we do for strike action and when really depends largely on how things are going in mediation,” Weber said, adding that the union is still hopeful they can “come to a good deal” without having to go on strike.

Similar action three years ago “nearly brought commercial cross-border traffic to a standstill, causing major delays at airports and borders across the country,” according to the union.

Meanwhile, Air Canada pilots intend to request help from a federal conciliator to assist in stalled contract negotiations with the airline, the union representing them announced over the weekend.

The Air Line Pilots Association, representing more than 5,000 Air Canada pilots, said the two sides are not close to a deal despite a year of contract talks, including close to six months of voluntary mediation.

“Unfortunately, Air Canada continues to undervalue your contributions to the success of this airline,” said Charlene Hudy, head of the union’s Air Canada contingent, in a video message to members.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

She said that while talks have allowed the two sides to reach important agreements, they remain too far apart in negotiations and so pilots will be leaving the voluntary process on June 15.

The union said it will file a notice of dispute to inform the federal minister of labour that they’ve attempted, but failed, to reach a collective agreement, and to request the minister assign a conciliator.

Labour shortages, fuelled by pandemic pressures, have been a major factor in both travel chaos and employee frustration, according to John Gradek, former Air Canada executive and head of McGill University’s Global Aviation Leadership Program. But the root cause of the current labour disputes is workers’ wages, he said.

“The workforce has stabilized and the airlines have done a good job of hiring,” Gradek said.

“Now we’re moving the battlefront away from head count to wage rates.”

Barry Prentice, director of the University of Manitoba’s Transportation Institute, agreed.

“What we’re seeing is an effort by employees to catch up with inflation because they’ve been falling behind,” Prentice said.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“There’s a tremendous amount of cost pressures,” he added. “The pilots want more and everybody else down the line — from flight attendants to baggage handlers — thinks they should get more too. This won’t be the end of the demands for higher wages.”

Gradek said travellers should expect continued unpredictability in the sector well into 2025, especially as Air Canada is expected to go through “negotiating angst” starting this fall.

“It’ll probably settle down by fall 2025,” he said. “But for the next year, expect some tense negotiation between Air Canada and its labour force.”

There may even be some disruptions starting at the end of the summer season, Gradek said, as pilots seek to increase pressure on their employer by using work-to-rule, a tactic where staff do the minimal contractually required duties.

“Starting mid-July or beginning of August you can expect some minor disruptions from show of force by the pilots, making sure their message gets across to Air Canada,” Gradek said.

Canadian pilots have been seeking gains that will bring them closer to deals won by their counterparts in the U.S.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Between March and September last year, pilots at Delta Air Lines, United Airlines and American Airlines secured agreements that included four-year pay hikes ranging from 34 per cent to 40 per cent.

Hudy has called the wage gap between Canadian and American pilots “unacceptable.”

The Canada Labour Code stipulates the minister has up to 15 days to appoint a conciliator, after which a 60-day period of talks begin. If no deal is reached in the talks, there’s a 21-day cooling-off period before the union could be in a position to strike.

Last week, WestJet Encore reached a deal with its pilots to narrowly avoid a potential strike.

Air Canada said in a statement that the airline remains committed to achieving a fair, negotiated agreement.

“Air Canada has worked hard and in good faith to reach a new collective agreement with ALPA under the bargaining protocol and the talks conducted under the bargaining protocol led to significant progress,” it said.

Meanwhile, after nearly two years of negotiations, the Public Service Alliance of Canada declared impasse in bargaining in September 2023 after CBSA “refused to budge on key issues like wages in line with other law enforcement agencies, better job security, access to telework and protections from contracting out,” according to a statement from the union.

“It’s time to show CBSA that we are prepared to take job action to reach a fair deal,” PSAC said.

With files from The Canadian Press.

Ghada Alsharif is a Toronto-based work and wealth reporter for the Star. Reach Ghada via email: galsharif@torstar.ca.

Related Stories
Air Canada pilots union to seek conciliator, says parties are far apart in talks
Border services workers at airports and crossings expected to vote for strike mandate Wednesday, could walk off the job by June
Air Canada ranks last for on-time performance in North America
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Business
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
OPINION
Why 2025 is a year of opportunity for the new homes market
16 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
OPINION
Rod McQueen: He was a prime minister and a Bay Street player. He lost elections and influence. John Turner didn’t shy away from the arena
17 hrs ago
Comments
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
Article was updated 4 hrs ago
Comments
QUIZ
OPINION
David Olive: Swiftonomics, the Trump billionaire bump, and oily ‘gifts from god:’ Test your business knowledge of the year that was
21 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/business/labour-disputes-threaten-to-disrupt-air-travel-heading-into-busy-summer-season/article_33d17f24-21ef-11ef-ad85-7f042001a82c.html 
 ----- 
