Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Rivera hits 2 HRs and drives in 4 runs as the playoff-bound Orioles beat the Twins 9-2
1 of 6 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Emmanuel Rivera (26) runs the bases after hitting a 2-run home run during the second inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

2 of 6 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Ryan O’Hearn (32) celebrates in the dugout after hitting a 2-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

3 of 6 |  

Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Matt Bowman winds up to deliver during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

4 of 6 |  

Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Zebby Matthews (52) delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

5 of 6 |  

Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Zebby Matthews (52) reacts after a 2-run home run by Baltimore Orioles’ Ryan O’Hearn during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

6 of 6 |  

Minnesota Twins’ Edouard Julien (47) reacts after striking out during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

BY  PATRICK DONNELLY
Updated 2:48 AM UTC, September 29, 2024
Share

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Emmanuel Rivera went 4 for 4 with two homers and four RBIs to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 9-2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday night.

Ryan O’Hearn also homered and Jackson Holliday added three hits for the Orioles, who have clinched the top wild card in the American League and will face either the Kansas City Royals or Detroit Tigers in the first round of the playoffs.

“A lot of guys have played really well on this road trip, so I’m encouraged how we’re playing going into the postseason,” said Orioles manager Brandon Hyde, whose team has won four of five games this week in series against the Yankees and Twins.

Brooks Lee had two hits for the Twins, who have lost six of their last seven and were eliminated from playoff contention on Friday. Ryan Jeffers helped the Twins avoid the shutout with a two-run homer with two outs in the ninth.

Baltimore used Matt Bowman as its opener and he got the first four outs. Lefty Tucker Davidson (1-0), making his first appearance for the Orioles after spending the season in Triple-A, allowed four hits over 4 2/3 shutout innings to earn the victory.

RELATED STORIES
Robinson Chirinos replaces Fredi González as Baltimore Orioles bench coach
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez
Milwaukee Brewers complete their staff by hiring Julio Borbón as first base coach

“He’s pitched in some big games in his career and had a nice year in Triple-A,” Hyde said of Davidson. “It was awesome to see him get an opportunity and take full advantage of it tonight.”

Twins starter Zebby Matthews (1-4) lasted just three innings, allowing six runs on seven hits with three walks and five strikeouts. Matthews began the season at Class-A Cedar Rapids and worked his way through three minor league levels before making his major league debut on August 13, after the Twins lost starters Joe Ryan and Chris Paddack to injury.

Matthews won his debut, but the Twins went 2-6 in his last eight starts. Still, manager Rocco Baldelli said Matthews would be a candidate for the Twins rotation next spring.

“The ascent was really fast. You don’t see guys pitching in A ball and then starting in September for a team in the middle of a run at the end of the year where a team needs to win games,” Baldellis said. “He did himself very well.”

O’Hearn hit his second homer in as many nights in the first inning, a two-run shot just inside the left field foul pole, giving the Orioles the early lead.

Rivera drove a slider from Matthews into the bullpens in left-center to extend the Baltimore lead to 4-0 in the second inning. He added a double in the third, a solo homer in the fifth and a single in the ninth for the first four-hit game of his career.

“It was something really special. I think every baseball player hopes to have a night like tonight and thankfully I was able to have that one tonight,” Rivera said through an interpreter.

UP NEXT

The Twins will start RHP Bailey Ober (12-8, 3.94) in Sunday’s season finale. The Orioles will send RHP Albert Suárez (8-7, 3.74) to the mound for his final tune-up before the postseason.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles , Trump doesn't offer much sympathy. He's casting blame.
From Carter's funeral, an Ameri can snapshot: A singular image, 5 presidents, 379 years of histo ry
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a...
Pennsylvania Sen. John Fetterman will become the chamber's first Democrat to...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Get a Balance Transfe r Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows Las Vegas [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
Canadian leaders say Trump's talk about Canada becoming th...
Trump keeps floating the idea that Canada should join the United States as the 51st...
AP News
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
An albatross couple shares egg duty in this captivating low-dr...
A popular New Zealand bird “reality show” that each year follows a pair of northern...
AP News
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
The Heart Wind Spinn er Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
A Feeder That Hummi ngbirds Can’t Resist
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
by Taboola
Suggested For You
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Cordless Electric Scissors Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear:Advertisement
Shop Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/twins-orioles-score-9e45e35d42e48fe5e91acd5d52a10c45 
 ----- 
