Skip to main content
Cricket Free Tips | ICC T20 World Cup 2022, Group A- Match 2: UAE vs NED
October 16, 2022 / 2 years ago
UAE vs NED Match Details 

Match: United Arab Emirates vs Netherlands, Group A- Match 2 | ICC T20 World Cup 2022

Date: Sunday, 16 October 2022

Time: 13:30 (GMT+5.5) / 14:00 (GMT+6)

Format: T20I

Venue: Simonds Stadium, Geelong

UAE vs NED Preview
The UAE players would find it difficult because they aren’t used to playing on quick, bouncy tracks.
With Max O’Dowd, Stephan Myburgh, and Tom Cooper in their lineup, the Netherlands is well-represented at the plate.
On this wicket, the United Arab Emirates’ lack of a potent fast-bowling attack is a weakness.

 

UAE and Netherlands square off in Pool A in Match 2 of the 2022 T20 World Cup’s opening round of play. First T20 World Cup in eight years for UAE. In the tournament last year, the Netherlands dropped each of their three games. The game begins on Sunday night at 19:00 local time at Kardinia Park in Geelong.

UAE played Bangladesh at home in a two-match series to get ready for this competition. Despite the 2-0 defeat, they will be prepared for the encounter and we anticipate that they will be competitive against the Netherlands.

The Netherlands struggled in the UAE during the T20 World Cup a year ago, but they have players who are at ease in Australian weather. In this game, we anticipate a great showing from them.

UAE vs NED Weather Report

On October 16, Geelong would see cloudy weather. Since rain is anticipated for the preceding day, the batting conditions are anticipated to be difficult.

UAE vs NED Match Toss Prediction

At this location, successful run chases have been seen before. Because of the favorable wicket, batsmen may play their strokes freely. Run chases have been simple because it is difficult to set up targets in a tiny area. The team that wins the toss will therefore be unhesitating in choosing to bowl first.

UAE vs NED Pitch Report

The surface is anticipated to provide bowlers with quite a lot of help in the early innings. On this surface, a total of 160 or above would be a fighting total.

United Arab Emirates Team News & Probable Playing XIs

UAE have very little to lose in this competition, which is only their second T20 World Cup overall and first since 2014. Although there aren’t many expectations for the team, they do have some intriguing young players who will be excited to compete on this level. None of their star players are suffering from any ailments.

Recent form – L L L W L

United Arab Emirates Probable XI

CP Rizwan (c), Vritiya Aravind (wk), Chirag Suri, Muhammad Waseem, Basil Hameed, Aryan Lakra, Aayan Khan, Zawar Farid, Junaid Siddique, Zahoor Khan, Karthik Meiyappan

Netherlands Team News & Probable Playing XIs

The Netherlands had a busy summer, playing 15 games from June to August and getting to test themselves against some of the best white ball teams. Before this first game, the team management had a fully fit roster from which to choose.

Recent form – L L L W W

Netherlands’s Probable XI

Scott Edwards (c) (wk), Stephan Myburgh, Max O’Dowd, Vikramjit Singh, Tom Cooper, Bas de Leede, Brandon Glover, Logan van Beek, Paul van Meekeren, Fred Klaassen, Shariz Ahmad

UAE vs NED Head-to-Head Stats (Last 5 matches)
Team	Won 	Lost
United Arab Emirates	4	1
Netherlands	1	4
UAE vs NED – Group A- Match 2, Dream 11

Wicket-keeper

Scott Edwards
Vriitya Aravind (C)

Batters

Max O’Dowd
CP Rizwan
Waseem Muhammad

All-Rounders

Bas de Leede (VC)
Basil Hameed

Bowlers

Paul van Meekeren
K Melyappan
Brandon Glover
Junaid Siddique

UAE vs NED Prediction

Winning the toss

Netherlands

Top batsman

United Arab Emirates – Muhammad Waseem 
Netherlands – Max O’Dowd

Top bowler

United Arab Emirates – Karthik Meiyappan
Netherlands – Logan van Beek

Most sixes

United Arab Emirates – Muhammad Waseem
Netherlands – Max O’Dowd

Player of the Match

Netherlands – Max O’Dowd

Team Scores Batting First

United Arab Emirates – 150+
Netherlands – 170+

The Netherlands is the favorite to win this match.

 

Although neither the UAE nor the Netherlands is in great IT20 form going into this match, we still anticipate a high-scoring match in Geelong. UAE has a potent bowling attack that will make it difficult for the hitters from the Netherlands, but overall, we anticipate the Netherlands to prevail.

More in Cricket Article
 New Zealand vs Sri Lanka Match Prediction – Who will win today’s 3rd T20I match between NZ vs SL?
 BBL 2024-2025: Match 18, HUR vs SIX Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BBL match between HUR vs SIX?
 BBL 2024-2025: Match 19, HEA vs STA Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BBL match between HEA vs STA?
 BPL 2024-2025: Match 3, KHT vs CHK Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BPL match between KHT vs CHK?

Copyright © 2020 - 2025 BJ Sports

   info@bajisports.live
Cricket Schedules
Video
Live Stream
Match Predictions
Match Highlights
Latest News
Blog

	
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bjsports.live/cricket_article/uae-vs-ned/ 
 ----- 
