EDITION
IN
TOI
T20 World Cup 2024
Schedule
Points Table
Teams
T20 World Cup Stats
Today's ePaper
NEWS
SPORTS NEWS
CRICKET NEWS
Former India Coach Gary Kirsten To Help Netherlands In T20 World Cup
TRENDING
Sports Breaking News
Bangladesh Squad
ICC World Cup
Asian Champions Trophy Live
World Test Championship
Vinesh Phogat
Rohit Sharma
IND A vs IND D Live
PT Usha
Rahul Dravid
Sports Breaking News
Bangladesh Squad
ICC World Cup
Asian Champions Trophy Live
World Test Championship
Vinesh Phogat
Rohit Sharma
IND A vs IND D Live
PT Usha
Rahul Dravid
Sports Breaking News
Bangladesh Squad
ICC World Cup
Asian Champions Trophy Live
World Test Championship
Vinesh Phogat
Rohit Sharma
IND A vs IND D Live
PT Usha
Rahul Dravid
THIS STORY IS FROM OCTOBER 12, 2022
Former India coach Gary Kirsten to help Netherlands in T20 World Cup
AFP / Oct 12, 2022, 10:16 IST
SHARE
AA
+
TEXT SIZE
Small
Medium
Large
FOLLOW US
Former South Africa and India coach Gary Kirsten has been brought in to bolster the Netherlands coaching staff ahead of the Twenty20 World Cup. Veteran Australia all-rounder Dan Christian will also be part of their set-up as they look to cause some upsets in their fourth consecutive World Cup.
Gary Kirsten (Getty Images)
SYDNEY: Former South Africa and India coach Gary Kirsten has been brought in to bolster the Netherlands coaching staff ahead of the Twenty20 World Cup.
Veteran Australia all-rounder Dan Christian will also be part of their set-up as they look to cause some upsets in their fourth consecutive World Cup.
Kirsten previously worked with the Netherlands in 2021 during the Super League series against Ireland and hosted them for a training camp at his academy in Cape Town prior to leaving for Australia.

"I really enjoyed working with the Dutch team in Cape Town and I look forward to joining them as a consultant in the T20 World Cup," he said in a statement late Tuesday.

SPONSORED LINKS
YOU MAY LIKE
Groningen: Nieuwe betaalbare seni...
Seniorenappartementen | Zoek Advertenties
  
by Taboola
"I was impressed with the level of skill and professionalism during the camp. They will be ready and determined to make an big impact at the T20 World Cup."
After an illustrious career as an opener with South Africa, Kirsten led India to the 2011 World Cup title in the 50-over format then steered the Proteas to become the number one Test side in the world.
He was most recently mentor of the Gujarat Titans team that won the Indian Premier League in their first season this year.

"Gary brings incredible experience and knowledge to both players and support staff which will be a great asset for the team during the tournament," said head coach Ryan Cook.
Christian is also a valuable addition, with intimate knowledge of Australian conditions.
"I am confident that the addition of Dan to the coaching group will be of great benefit to the players and staff," added Cook.
The Dutch are in Group A of the preliminary round alongside United Arab Emirates, Namibia and Sri Lanka.
They need to finish in the top two to progress to the Super 12 round-robin stage and begin the tournament with a match against the UAE in Geelong on Sunday.

End of Article
SPONSORED LINKS
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Groningen: Unsold Port able Powe...
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je...
De Kia Niro Hybrid heeft...
Kia
De dokter onthult: "De belangrijk...
Mensen die niet kunnen...
dagboekvaneencardioloog.nl
Middelen tegen neuro pathie in d...
Neuropathie behandeling | Zoek Advertenties
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe ...
Bloedsuikerhelper
Use an AI Writing Tool That...
Improve gram mar, word...
Grammarly
Artrose en gewrichtspijn? Doe dit en...
OplossingArticulatie
Arts verrast : Gewrichts pijn zo goe...
Revolutionair e natuurlijke...
Health News Academy
Cardioloog: Vrouwen die na hun...
Mensen die niet kunnen...
goldentree.nl
  
by Taboola
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Visual Stories
Previous

France waves farewell to Paralympics with spectacular ceremony

SPORTS

Navdeep's gold, Simran's bronze take India's medal tally to 29

SPORTS

Paris Paralympics: India's flag bearers for closing ceremony

SPORTS

Paris Paralympics: 5 Reasons India Secured Its Best-Ever Medal Tally

SPORTS

Praveen Kumar takes India's gold tally to 6 on Day 9

SPORTS

Kapil's historic judo bronze lone bright spot for India on Day 8

SPORTS

Harvinder, Dharambir take India's gold tally to 5 on Day 7

SPORTS

Track and field athletes lead India's medal rush on Day 6

SPORTS

Sumit, Nitesh clinch gold as India celebrate medal rush on Day 5

SPORTS

Indian cricketers selected for the 2024 WBBL

SPORTS
Next
TOP SPORTS NEWS
Live Cricket Score
ICC Rankings
WWE News
Football News
NFL News
Tennis News
Sports Web Stories
TOP TRENDING
CSIR UGC NET 2024 Results
Sitaram Yechury
Iphone 16 vs Iphone 15
Vande Bharat Express Train
Largest Mammals in the World
Sunil Gavaskar
Hamster Kombat Daily Cipher Codes
Shimla Mosque Row
King Charles
Diljit Dosanjh Concert Tickets Online
Trending Stories
In Sports
Entire Website
Drew Mcintyre vs CM Punk Hell In A Cell Match To End in A Shocking Twist: Former World Champion to interfere?
5 Most Legendary Wrestling Families in the History of Wrestling
WWE Hall of Famer reveals what NXT star Giulia needs to improve
Rumor Has It: Former WWE stars Set to Join AEW
"The girl has all the qualifications," - Tommy Dreamer gives verdict on NXT star Giulia's debut
WWE NXT Champion offers his services to "The Original Tribal Chief" Roman Reigns
WWE NXT News: Two new matches announced for next week's episode
"I would certainly not turn down the opportunity" - TNA star reveals desire for NXT crossover
Virat Kohli close to breaking another record set by Sachin Tendulkar
Batista Reveals Reasons Behind His WWE Exit to Pursue Hollywood Career
About us
Create Your Own Ad
Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
RSS
Newsletter
Feedback
ePaper
Sitemap
Archives
FOLLOW US ON
OTHER TIMES GROUP NEWS SITES
The Economic Times
Hindi Economic Times
Navbharat Times
Maharashtra Times
Vijaya Karnataka
Telugu Samayam
Tamil Samayam
Malayalam Samayam
I am Gujarat
TimesPoints
Indiatimes
Brand Capital
Education Times
Times Food
Mumbai Mirror
Bangalore Mirror
MX Player
Hindi Podcast
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Headlines
Sports News
Business News
India News
World News
Bollywood News
Health+ Tips
Indian TV Shows
Celebrity Photos
Technology News
HOT ON THE WEB
Kitchen Sponge Side Effects
Malaika Arora Father Death News Live Update
Stree 2 Collection
Vitamin B 12
Weight Gain
Vitamins
Kanjeevaram Sari
Nasa
Sister Shivani
Kaun Banega Crorepati 16
TOP TRENDS
Rahul Gandhi
Elon Musk
Ayushman Bharat Scheme
Kolkata Doctor Rape Case
Jared Isaacman
US Presidential Debate
Sunil Gavaskar
Tech Layoffs
SpaceX
India vs Korea Live
IBPS Result
Engineer Rashid
Wolf Attack in Bahraich
Bangladesh Squad
Jey USO Luxurious Lifestyle
CJI Chandrachud
Live Cricket Score
TRENDING TOPICS
Alia Bhatt
Malaika Arora Father Death
Arbaaz Khan
Natasa Stankovic
Mr Bachchan OTT Release
National Parks In India
Selena Gomez
GOAT Collection
Vikas Sethi Death
Malayalam Producers
India's Best Dancer 4
Simi Garewal
Dilli Babu
Indian National Parks
Laung Benefits
Vikas Sethi
iPhone 16
Microsoft 365 Outage
MG Windsor Ev
Wordle Answer
LIVING AND ENTERTAINMENT
ETimes
Travel Destinations
Cricbuzz.com
TV
Lifestyle
Newspaper Subscription
Food News
Times Prime
Whats Hot
SERVICES
CouponDunia
TechGig
TimesJobs
Bollywood News
Times Mobile
Gadgets
Careers
Colombia
LATEST NEWS
Epilepsy medication shows promise of treating sleep apnoea symptoms: Study
Digest this: Unhealthy gut may be linked to Parkinson’s disease
'Played a big role in turning the cricket around': Ricky Ponting applauds Virat Kohli’s brilliance as India’s former captain
Aadhaar card update: Do you have to compulsorily update details on your Aadhaar every 10 years?
Single Indians are now choosing slow, meaningful dates over-elaborate outings, reveals an online dating platform’s survey
Exclusive- Saurabh Gumber reveals joining a new show during Ganeshotsav says, "I consider it as Bappa's small gift and believe he has great plans for me ahead"
Pakistan: Bilawal cautions Shehbaz govt against political victimisation, points to Imran Khan's case
Vijay Varma reveals he was DROPPED from 'Sacred Games' at the last minute
Mahindra Thar Roxx with VIN 0001 to be auctiond for charity: How to register
Vijay Sathya-starrer 'Dhil Raja' to release in September
Harvard University Sees Drop in Black Freshman Enrollment Post-Supreme Court Ruling on Affirmative Action
CMF Buds Pro 2 by Nothing review: Big delivery on a budget
Arbaaz Khan spotted outside Malaika Arora's house along with police after the tragic news of her father's demise by alleged suicide - WATCH VIDEO
Harvey Weinstein charged with additional crimes during hearing on rape charges
Mitchell Schwartz's Cryptic Tweet Stirs Debate About Mahomes' Contract
Siddhant Chaturvedi reveals he rejected Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan starrer Brahmastra after father’s advice: 'He asked me, ‘Tujhe kaun dekhega?''
EcoR unloads 100 million tons of goods in just 160 days
Tovino Thomas praises Prithviraj Sukumaran as director: "One of the brilliant directors I have ever worked with"
Copyright © 2024 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
We care about your privacy
We and our 750 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Show Purposes link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/icc-mens-t20-world-cup/former-india-coach-gary-kirsten-to-help-netherlands-in-t20-world-cup/articleshow/94801970.cms 
 ----- 
