English فارسی پښتو
HOME
ALL STORIES
WORLD
REGIONAL
PROGRAMS
BUSINESS
SPORTS
OPINION
LIVE
FM
CONNECT WITH US
    
Ariana News
FEATURED
Everything you need to know about the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022

Published

 2 years ago 

on

 October 15, 2022

By

 Ariana News

The eighth ICC Men's T20 World Cup is set to be the biggest and the best yet, with 16 teams playing 45 matches in seven Australian cities between 16 October and 13 November and for cricket fans, Ariana Television will broadcast the spectacular event live across Afghanistan.

Whether it be Yuvraj Singh's six sixes, Carlos Brathwaite's last-over heroics, or Shaheen Afridi's new-ball fireworks, T20 World Cups have delivered loads of drama - and the 2022 edition is set to outdo them all.

The groups

First Round

Group A

Namibia, Netherlands, Sri Lanka, United Arab Emirates

Group B

Ireland, Scotland, West Indies, Zimbabwe

Super 12

Group 1

Afghanistan, Australia, England, New Zealand, Group A winner, Group B runner-up

Group 2

Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, South Africa, Group B winner, Group A runner-up

The venues

Seven venues across Australia will be used in total during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022, with the Melbourne Cricket Ground hosting the final and the semi-finals set to be played at Adelaide Oval and the Sydney Cricket Ground.

The Gabba in Brisbane, Kardinia Park in Geelong, Bellerive Oval in Hobart and Perth Stadium are the other host venues.

The teams

All the squads for ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2022

Afghanistan

An experienced squad will be looking to make an impact, spearheaded as ever by the brilliant Rashid Khan.

The star spinner is arguably the world’s most dangerous T20 bowler and will be supported by the likes of Mujeeb Ur Rahman to set up Afghanistan with a chance of making a deep run in the tournament.

Australia

The reigning ICC Men’s T20 World Cup champions, Australia will look to make the most of home conditions to defend their crown.

A powerful batting line-up and a stellar bowling attack makes them one of the favorites after what was a somewhat unexpected win in 2021.

Bangladesh

The Tigers have moved on from some senior players in favor of an aggressive strategy based on multiple all-rounders.

A dismal showing in the Asia Cup prompted the change of approach, which makes Bangladesh dangerously unpredictable.

England

Ranked second in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings coming into the tournament, England have been a consistent force in white-ball cricket for some years.

Much will rely on the form of their deep batting line-up, with some doubts over the quality of the bowling attack in the absence of the injured Jofra Archer.

India

The world’s top-ranked side in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings will be looking for a much better showing than their group-stage elimination in 2021, and have brought a talent-packed squad to Australia.

The withdrawal of Jasprit Bumrah through injury is a blow but India will be confident they have the depth to cover the absence of the star pace bowler.

Ireland

The Irish stuttered at the 2021 tournament, never really clicking into gear with the bat.

But there’s plenty of talent in the Ireland squad and they are in with a strong chance of progressing to the Super 12 stage.

Namibia

Namibia’s big-hitting batting line-up upset the odds last year to reach the Super 12 stage, and they will be looking to star players David Wiese, Ruben Trumpelmann and Gerhard Erasmus to spearhead another successful First Round campaign.

Netherlands

The Dutch have had plenty of big-game experience in the build-up to the tournament, hosting a number of Full Member opponents in white-ball tours over the European summer.

Netherlands are the lowest-ranked side in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings competing in Australia, and will need to turn it on in pivotal First Round clashes with Namibia and the UAE for a chance to progress to the Super 12 stage.

New Zealand

Beaten finalists in 2021, New Zealand once again come into a major tournament flying under the radar.

Ranked fifth in the world in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings, the Black Caps have a little bit of everything in a squad that could once again stun the most highly-fancied nations with a deep run through the tournament.

Pakistan

The highest-ranked opening partnership in T20Is will hope to get Pakistan up to consistently competitive scores, with Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan entering the tournament in fine form.

Pakistan also have one of the strongest bowling attacks in the world, setting up the fourth-ranked side in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings to be a match for any opponent.

Scotland

A huge opening game against West Indies in Hobart could set the tone for a Scotland side ranked 15th in the world, the second-lowest at the tournament (higher only than the Netherlands).

Opening pair George Munsey and Calum MacLeod, and keeper Matthew Cross at first drop, will be crucial to giving Scotland strong starts if they are to build or chase competitive totals.

South Africa

Bowling is South Africa’s strength, with Kagiso Rabada, Lungo Ngidi and Anrich Nortje forming an imposing seam-bowling core of the attack.

Underrated spin options and plenty of power in the batting ranks have also propelled the Proteas to third in the MRF Tyres T20I Team Rankings, and they will be among the favorites to finally end that World Cup hoodoo.

Sri Lanka

Just as they did in 2021, Sri Lanka will begin the tournament in the First Round and with their work cut out to qualify for the Super 12 stage.

But victory in the Asia Cup underlined the rapid improvement of the squad and suggests Sri Lanka could be a dark horse if they progress.

United Arab Emirates

Featuring in just their second ICC Men’s T20 World Cup, UAE reached the tournament courtesy of a superb showing at the Global Qualifier A.

The UAE beat Ireland in the final of that tournament but now face a tricky group against Sri Lanka, Namibia and the Netherlands as they look to prove their worth on the big stage.

West Indies

A new-look West Indies squad will be hoping for a fresh start under the guidance of skipper Nicholas Pooran after the star-studded but aging group of players who traveled to the 2021 tournament flattered to deceive.

Spinner Akeal Hosein will be crucial to the West Indies' chances of stretching their record number of ICC Men's T20 World Cup titles to three, but quicks like Obed McCoy, Jason Holder and Sheldon Cottrell will also need to impress.

Zimbabwe

A threatening bowling attack will look to upset the odds for Zimbabwe and help them through to the Super 12 stage.

It was the bowlers who got Zimbabwe to the T20 World Cup, dismissing Netherlands for just 95 in the final of the Global Qualifier B, and they have the talent to trouble all of their First Round opponents.

CLICK HERE FOR THE ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP_SCHEDULE_ 16 OCT - 13 NOV 2022

Where to watch the T20 World Cup

The ICC Men's T20 World Cup will be televised across Afghanistan on Ariana Television, which secured exclusive broadcasting rights for Afghanistan earlier this year.

Tournament format

This year’s ICC Men’s T20 World Cup takes place in three stages.

The First Round sees two groups of four teams participating in a round-robin. The top two teams from each group progress to the Super 12 stage.

The eight nations competing in the First Round consist of the four lowest-ranked nations to have automatically qualified for the tournament at the cut-off point – Namibia, Scotland, Sri Lanka and West Indies.

They will be joined by two teams from each of the Qualifier tournaments held in 2022. Ireland and UAE progressed in Qualifier A in Oman back in February, with Netherlands and Zimbabwe triumphing in Qualifier B in Zimbabwe in July.

The top team from Group A and the second team from Group B enter Group 1 of the Super 12s, with the top finishers in Group B and the second-placed side from Group A going into Group 2.

The Super 12 stage sees two groups of six play a round-robin, with the top two teams from each group progressing to the knock-out stage.

The knock-out stage consists of two semi-finals and the Final at the MCG on November 13.

Points system

In both the First Round and Super 12 group stages the following points system will apply:

Win: 2 points

Tie, no result or abandoned: 1 point

Loss or forfeit: 0 points

Reserve days

Reserve days have been scheduled for both semi-finals and the Final. No other matches will have a reserve day.

For both the semi-finals and Final, every effort will be made to complete the match on the scheduled day with any necessary reduction in overs taking place.

Only if the minimum number of overs necessary to constitute a match (at least 5 overs per side) cannot be bowled on the scheduled day will the match be completed on the reserve day.

If a match starts on the scheduled day and overs are reduced following an interruption but no further play is possible, the match will resume on the reserve day at the point where the last ball was played.

Key dates

Tournament commences: 16 October

Namibia and Sri Lanka get the tournament underway in the opening match in Group A of the First Round.

Netherlands and United Arab Emirates will also feature on the opening day in a double-header at Kardinia Park in Geelong.

First Round concludes: 21 October

The short and sharp opening phase of the tournament comes to an end on 21 October with back-to-back Group B matches in Hobart.

Ireland take on West Indies in the first game of the day at the Bellerive Oval, with Scotland set to face Zimbabwe later the same day.

Super 12 stage commences: 22 October

The tournament then moves quickly into the Super 12 stage, with two fascinating matches scheduled to get Group 1 underway.

Hosts Australia take on rivals New Zealand at the Sydney Cricket Ground, with Afghanistan facing England in Perth on the same day. The match between Afghanistan and England will start at 3.30pm Kabul time.

Super 12 stage concludes: 6 November

Group 2 will bring the Super 12 to a stage to a close with the prospect of qualification likely to still be in the balance.

Bangladesh and Pakistan meet in Adelaide for an afternoon encounter, with India rounding things off with an evening match in Melbourne against the winners of Group B from the First Round.

Semi-finals: 9 November and 10 November

The top two teams from each Super 12 stage group will progress to the semi-finals, scheduled to be played at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 9 November, and Adelaide Oval on 10 November.

Final: 13 November

The tournament reaches its conclusion with the Final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 13 November, barring the need for the reserve day to be used on 14 November.

Prize money

The prize pot remains the same as at the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2021 and all 16 competing teams will receive part of the $5.6 million allocated as prize money for the tournament.

The winners will collect $1.6m, with the runner-up receiving $800,000.

Both losing semi-finalists will receive $400,000.

The eight teams knocked out at the end of the Super 12 stage will get $70,000 each. Each match a team wins in the Super 12 stage will earn them $40,000.

The four teams knocked out at the end of the First Round will get $40,000. Each match a team wins in the First Round will see them collect $40,000.

CLICK HERE FOR THE ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP_SCHEDULE_ 16 OCT - 13 NOV 2022

 

Ariana Television Broadcast Schedule - All Matches Matches Schedule
Sponsored by: @Afghan_Wireless , Khan Steel, Golrang Afghanistan and TOLO Garma #ArianaTelevision #AfghanistanCricketBoard #ArianaSport #ACC #T20WorldCup2022 #T20i #ICCMenT20WorldCupAustralia2022 pic.twitter.com/YB9psIqYHc

— Ariana Television (@ArianaTVN) October 15, 2022

RELATED TOPICS:
#َAFGHANISTAN
#T20IWORLDCUP
AUSTRALIA
CRICKET
FEATURED
ICC
T20I
UP NEXT

Nabi’s men look to build on Asia Cup heroics: Afghanistan team preview

DON'T MISS

Afghanistan cricket faces cash crisis due to sanctions

YOU MAY LIKE

US imposes sanctions on entities in Iran, Russia over election interference

At least 71 killed in Ethiopia road accident

U.N. body accuses Israel of destroying Gaza healthcare

IEA seeks no enmity or war with anyone: Deputy PM Kabir

South Korea pledges $5 million to support vulnerable families in Afghanistan

Shah wa Arus dam inaugurated in Kabul

INTERNATIONAL SPORTS
Stars react to FIFA Club World Cup match-ups

The draw produced a string of heavyweight match-ups, fascinating sub-plots and regional rivalries.

Published

 3 weeks ago 

on

 December 8, 2024

By

 Ariana News

Players, coaches and officials have reacted to the Club World Cup draw that will be played in the United States from June 16 next year, and despite being six months away, they are all already hard at work plotting their path to the final.

The draw produced a string of heavyweight match-ups, fascinating sub-plots and regional rivalries. Here is some of the best reactions from across the planet to how the eight groups are shaping up.

Group A: SE Palmeiras, FC Porto, Al Ahly FC, Inter Miami CF

"We will have three extremely difficult games in the group stage, but we will prepare ourselves in the best way possible to seek qualification. It is an honour and a joy to compete in the most important club competition in the history of world football."
Leila Pereira, Palmeiras president

"As players, we gathered to watch the draw together and I think it's a balanced and good group that includes strong teams such as Inter Miami, Porto, and Palmeiras. I believe we have the ability to reach the knockout stage of the tournament."
Mohamed El-Shenawy, Al Ahly captain

Group B: Paris Saint-Germain, Atlético de Madrid, Botafogo, Seattle Sounders FC

"It’s an honour for all Atlético fans to participate in the first edition of the FIFA Club World Cup. We have a very difficult group, with three high-level opponents. PSG are a great side, with a brilliant manager and really high-level players. We faced them a few weeks ago [in the UEFA Champions League] and it was a tough battle. It’ll be a difficult debut in the competition. Botafogo just won the Copa Libertadores, showing their enormous potential. The Brazilian sides are brilliant and will make like very difficult for us. Seattle Sounders are one of the best sides in the United States, who keep raising their level every season, and they will be very dangerous and competitive given that they are playing at home. I think it is the most difficult group in this first phase and there will be some great games for the fans".
Enrique Cerezo, Atlético de Madrid president

"I saw this [Luis Enrique saying that Botafogo would fall into the PSG group]. I want to say that I trust and love anyone with the name Luis Enrique. I saw it, I thought it was super funny and how prophetic, right? He's a great guy, a great coach. I think Botafogo will shock some people. I believe we are the best team in South America. They play good football in Europe, and so do we."
John Textor, Botafogo's owner

"If I look at it from my lens as a soccer fan, a guy who grew up in Seattle, I think it's unbelievable. You've got the biggest club in France. You've got a Spanish team that is unbelievably talented, a legendary coach, and then the Copa Libertadores champion. And Joao Paulo, one of our players, actually played for Botafogo. So I mean, just three really fantastic clubs from a fan perspective."
Brian Schmetzer, Seattle Sounders head coach

Group C: FC Bayern München, Auckland City FC, CA Boca Juniors, SL Benfica

"It's a great honour to be able to play the Club World Cup with Bayern Munich. I'm really looking forward to this new tournament, where we players can compete against the best in the world at club level. As a player, you always want to play at the highest level. I'm very excited about the matches and who will be the first winners of this new format."
Harry Kane, Bayern Munich striker

“I’ve never played professionally in my life and never did I think I’d be playing against someone like Harry Kane. I never even thought I could watch someone like that in a stadium let alone go toe-to-toe with them."
Mario Ilich, Auckland City midfielder

"It's a difficult group. Bayern Munich, at European level, we've never managed to beat. And also Boca Juniors, which is one of the most historic teams in South America. Then Auckland, who we know less about, but who I believe come with the same ambitions as the others. We will do everything we can to get through the group stage, which is our objective. It is a very important competition, a historic moment. We don't come here to see the party. We want to get as far as possible."
Rui Costa, Benfica president

Group D: CR Flamengo, Espérance Sportive de Tunis, Chelsea FC, Club León
"Our bracket is difficult, but I'm very confident. We'll reach the tournament a good moment, still in the middle of the year, when the team won't be as tired as it usually is at the end of the year."
Rodolfo Landim, Flamengo president

"We’ve been placed in a tough group, which is a motivating challenge and, in itself, a good thing. This competition also gives us a unique opportunity to experience a wide variety of playing styles from all over the world. We will do everything we can to progress through this group stage and proudly represent our colours."
Laurentiu Reghecampf, Espérance Sportive de Tunis coach

Group E: CA River Plate, Urawa Red Diamonds, CF Monterrey, FC Internazionale Milano

“We look at rivals objectively and not as something personal. You have to analyse the parties individually. The story of [Martin] Demichelis [Monterrey coach and former River Plate coach and player] has a lot to do with River, we know. We also knew before that we could face each other [Javier Zanettii] in the final. Inter is an opponent with great history. But they are all tough to play against."
Jorge Brito, River Plate president

"It's an interesting draw for us. I thought maybe two Europeans would get in, but we got one team from Europe, the others from Mexico and Argentina, so we are playing against three different football cultures. It will be a big challenge for Urawa. It is no secret that the team needs new blood and new players. We need strong characters to achieve our goals."
Maciej Skorza, Urawa Reds coach

“River Plate are a big club, a great institution and they have a great manager. We'll have to prepare in the best way. To face a team like River is very difficult, they have great players. It will be a wonderful match."
Javier Zanetti, Inter Milan vice-president

"Yesterday I told my brother that I wanted to play against Inter and River Plate. I wanted to play against teams I had never played before. The Mexican teams and the South American teams maybe don't have so many references in Europe, but I think they are going to surprise at the World Cup. There is a lot of talent and a lot of desire to do well."
Oliver Torres, Monterrey midfielder

Group F: Fluminense FC, Borussia Dortmund, Ulsan HD, Mamelodi Sundowns FC
"The fact that the best teams from all continents and confederations of recent years come together at the FIFA Club World Cup is perhaps best demonstrated by our group: we have four teams and four continents. Personally, I think it's great that we're facing a Brazilian team because of our long tradition of BVB players coming from Brazil. We've earned the right to be here over the years through our performance. And we'll take this competition very seriously."
Lars Ricken, Borussia Dortmund managing director

"It's a question of mindset and confidence. Football must be played and then it will be 11 against 11. You have to go out on the field and perform as well as possible. Borussia Dortmund is a traditional club, and the same goes for the other two clubs in their countries."
Branco, Fluminense legend

"After seeing the interest and effort from FIFA to create this tournament, I can feel that the Club World Cup is just around the corner. This is a hard earned opportunity for us. We will be going to the Club World Cup in our strongest form and try to make it a successful tournament for us."
Kim Kwang-guk, Ulsan HD general manager

"I am so happy to see the name Mamelodi Sundowns listed among the best clubs. I got goosebumps just seeing our name on the screen. It’s such an emotional moment and an incredible achievement for the club."
Ronwen Williams, Mamelodi Sundowns captain

Group G: Manchester City, Wydad AC, Al Ain FC, Juventus FC

“It’s quite an exciting draw. [We've drawn] one team we’ve played a lot and actually play them next week [in the UEFA Champions League], Juventus. It’s a big game, we’ve always had big games against them. Then there’s two teams we’ve never played so it’s going to be an interesting group. They’re tough opposition, so there are going to be good games.”
Roel de Vries, Manchester City Chief Operating Officer

"We will meet one of the favourites for the trophy, Manchester City; in general it will be a tough group, and the opponents are excellent teams. The tournament seems wonderful to me, it is new and there is much to discover"
Stephan Lichtsteiner, Juventus legend

"I am satisfied with this draw. I wanted us to be in the same group as Manchester City, and that wish has been granted. Facing a coach I admire greatly, like Pep Guardiola, motivates me. We now have six months to be at our best and show the world what we, Wydad Athletic, are capable of achieving."
Rulani Mokwena, Wydad AC coach

Group H: Real Madrid C. F., Al Hilal, CF Pachuca, FC Salzburg

"We're hugely excited by the start of this competition and we want to try and win it. Pachuca is a Mexican club with great tradition and it won't be an easy game. We faced Al Hilal in the Club World Cup final and they're a club that has really grown and boast top quality players. They're bound to be dangerous. And we're set to play Salzburg in the Champions League in January as well".
Emilio Butragueno, Real Madrid Institutional Relations Director

"It is a great pleasure for us that our Salzburg way has now led us to the FIFA Club World Cup, where we will be competing against the world's best club teams of recent years. I think that this participation is not only a great honour for FC Salzburg, but also a recognition of the entire Austrian club football system, which has steadily developed in recent years."
Stephan Reiter, Managing Director of FC Salzburg

 

CONTINUE READING
FEATURED
UN food agency cuts rations to 2 million Afghans as funds dry up

Published

 1 year ago 

on

 September 5, 2023

By

 Ariana News

The UN World Food Programme (WFP) had to cut rations to another two million Afghans this month and is warning of a "catastrophic" winter if funding runs out with little food for remote communities in place, the agency's country director said.

The cut in rations comes amidst growing alarm over shrinking aid for Afghanistan, where a UN humanitarian response plan is only about a quarter funded, even after the budget was downgraded in the face of funding shortfalls.

WFP funding for food and cash assistance is expected to run out by the end of October and the agency has had to steadily cut assistance through the year to 10 million Afghans.

The positioning of food to areas that will be cut off in winter has also been limited. The WFP said if no funding comes through, 90% of remote areas in need will be cut off without food and even in accessible locations, people will get no supplies during the harsh weather.

"That is the catastrophe that we have to avert," WFP Afghanistan Country Director Hsiao-Wei Lee told Reuters.

About three-quarters of Afghanistan's people are in need of humanitarian aid as their country emerges from decades of conflict under an internationally isolated IEA administration that took over as US-backed foreign forces withdrew in 2021.

Development assistance that for years formed the backbone of government finances has been cut and the administration is subject to sanctions and central bank assets abroad have been frozen.

Restrictions by the Islamic Emirate on women, including stopping most female Afghan humanitarian staff from working, are an obstacle to formal recognition and have also put off donors, many of whom have turned their attention to other humanitarian crises.

"What I do in my engagements with them is remind them that at the end of the day, we must focus on those who are most in need," Lee said of donors.

"The cost of inaction is ultimately borne and paid for by the most vulnerable and poor mothers and children."

Three million people are now getting food aid but after October, they might be getting nothing.

The WFP needs $1 billion in funding to provide food aid and carry out planned projects until March, Lee said.

For Kabul resident Baba Karim, 45, the cash he has got twice this year from the WFP has been a vital supplement to the less than $2 a day he earns working odd jobs at a market with a push cart.

"I'm so worried about what will happen next, now that the assistance has ended," said the father of five.

"I lie awake at night worrying about the future of my children."

CONTINUE READING
FEATURED
Pulisic scores again to help Milan thrash Torino, Roma slump to Verona loss

Published

 1 year ago 

on

 August 27, 2023

By

 Ariana News

AC Milan forward Christian Pulisic struck to set Stefano Pioli's side on their way to a 4-1 thrashing of Torino in their opening home game of the season in Serie A on Saturday, while Hellas Verona snatched a 2-1 victory over visitors AS Roma.

Pulisic's opener, two Olivier Giroud penalties and a close-range lob by Theo Hernandez moved Milan provisionally top after they got off to a winning 2-0 start at Bologna on Monday.

"An excellent match, the weekly work made us level up," Pioli told DAZN. "The team has made an important journey in recent years and top-level reinforcements have arrived... A good group is forming in terms of attitude, availability."

U.S. international Pulisic looks set to become a new idol at the San Siro after his move from Chelsea as he put Milan ahead in the 33rd minute by firing home from close range in front of a capacity crowd for his second goal in two games, Reuters reported.

Torino defender Perr Schuurs temporarily spoiled the mood when he leveled three minutes later with a first-time effort but that was the visitors' only shot on target all night.

Giroud restored Milan's lead with a penalty minutes before halftime, calmly firing the ball into the roof of the net after the hosts were awarded a penalty for handball.

Hernandez chipped goalkeeper Vanja Milinkovic-Savic to add the third in first-half stoppage time following a couple of one-twos with Rafael Leao before Frenchman Giroud converted another spot kick in the second half after Schuurs' foul on Leao.

Torino, who were held to a 0-0 draw at home by newly-promoted Cagliari on Monday, lacked the ideas to pose any danger in front of Mike Maignan's goal as Milan kept the ball and continued pushing to increase the scoreline.

Roma disappoint

Jose Mourinho's Roma fell short at Verona who were quick to take the lead when midfielder Ondrej Duda scored from close range in less than four minutes after visiting goalkeeper Rui Patricio saved a fierce long-range shot by Filippo Terracciano.

Roma had a golden chance to equalize shortly after through midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini who controlled the ball on the edge of the box but his low shot went inches wide, Reuters reported.

Instead, Verona doubled their lead in first-half stoppage time through forward Cyril Ngonge who left the Milan defense standing as he netted on the counter with a solo run.

Algeria midfielder Houssem Aouar pulled one back for Roma after the break but the visitors were unable to rescue a draw despite Verona finishing with 10 men following an 84th minute red card for Isak Hien for a foul on Andrea Belotti.

Verona, who secured another season in Serie A via a relegation playoff last term, are provisionally second after winning their opening match at Empoli 1-0.

"We conceded an avoidable goal which intimidated us a bit ... (but) these matches create mentality and a strong identity," new Verona manager Marco Baroni told a press conference.

Roma, who were still without Mourinho as he serves a 10-day touchline ban for criticising a referee at the end of last season, have one point after being held to a 2-2 draw by visiting Salernitana last weekend.

CONTINUE READING
LATEST POPULAR VIDEOS
REGIONAL
1 min ago
US imposes sanctions on entities in Iran, Russia over election interference
LATEST NEWS
1 hour ago
At least 71 killed in Ethiopia road accident
REGIONAL
2 hours ago
U.N. body accuses Israel of destroying Gaza healthcare
TAHAWOL
13 hours ago
Tahawol: World in 2024 & future outlook discussed
SAAR
14 hours ago
Saar: 2024 Middle East overview discussed
WORLD
3 weeks ago
Lebanese man returns home after 32 years in Syrian prisons
HEALTH
4 weeks ago
Excluding Afghan women from medical institutes threatens the future of health care in the country: MSF
LATEST NEWS
3 weeks ago
Blinken defends US withdrawal from Afghanistan in House appearance
LATEST NEWS
3 weeks ago
EU, UNAMA condemn attack at refugees ministry in Kabul
BUSINESS
1 week ago
Shoemaking industry in Takhar province facing stagnation
TAHAWOL
13 hours ago
Tahawol: World in 2024 & future outlook discussed
SAAR
14 hours ago
Saar: 2024 Middle East overview discussed
TAHAWOL
2 days ago
Tahawol: US-Russia confrontation on Ukraine discussed
SAAR
2 days ago
Saar: New Syria administration’s opportunities and challenges
TAHAWOL
3 days ago
Tahawol: Russia’s positive step for IEA discussed
Tweets by ArianaNews_
TRENDING
BUSINESS

China’s first railway consignment arrives in Afghanistan via Iran

LATEST NEWS

Afghanistan carries out retaliatory attack against Pakistan

LATEST NEWS

Afghanistan as independent country has the right to self-defense: Arg

LATEST NEWS

Syria is ‘more strategically important’ to US than Afghanistan: Khalilzad

LATEST NEWS

Pakistan’s forced repatriation of Afghan refugees has fueled hatred: Imran Khan

WORLD

North Korean troops experience mass casualties on Ukraine front lines, White House says

LATEST NEWS

IEA condemns Israeli attacks on Gaza hospital, calls global silence on Palestine concerning

LATEST NEWS

Pakistani media confirm death of one soldier, wounding of 11 others in firing by Afghan forces

    
 
Subscribe to Ariana News Daily Newsletter

Copyright © 2024 Ariana News. All rights reserved!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ariananews.af/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-icc-mens-t20-world-cup-2022/ 
 ----- 
