Saturday, December 28, 2024
Contact
Search
HOME
NEWS
YOUNG PROFESSIONALS
LOCAL POLITICS
UP'S MOVIE SCHEDULE
CARTOON
CLASSIFIED ADS
ADS
ABOUT
LIST NEWS:
[BY SCOPE]
[BY ISLANDS]
                              Got TIPS or BREAKING NEWS? Please call 1-284-442-8000 direct/can also WhatsApp same number or Email ALL news to:newsvino@outlook.com;                               ads call 1-284-440-6666
You are here: Virgin Islands News Online » News » VI Men lose to SKN in 2nd CONCACAF Nations League match
VI Men lose to SKN in 2nd CONCACAF Nations League match
September 11th, 2024 | Tags: VI Men Football CONCACAF Nations League St. Kitts Nevis
Email this Article
The Virgin Islands Senior Men’s Football team lost their CONCACAF Men’s Nations League Match against St. Kitts and Nevis on Tuesday, September 10, 2024, 2-nil. Photo: Facebook
The September games in the CONCACAF Nations League concluded on Tuesday, September 10, 2024. Photo: Facebook
GEORGETOWN, Cayman Islands- The Virgin Islands Senior Men’s Football team lost their CONCACAF Men’s Nations League Match against St. Kitts and Nevis on Tuesday, September 10, 2024, 2-nil.

The game took place at the Truman Bodden Sports Complex in the Cayman Islands where the VI Men are grouped in League C Group C.

The first goal was scored by Tiquanny Williams scored a brace for St Kitts and Nevis scoring the first goal in the first ten minutes of the game and the second in the second half.

The team lost their first match 1-0 against the Cayman Islands on September 4, 2024.

A win for the VI Men was crucial in them moving forward in the Nation’s League.

Matches played on Tuesday concluded the September 2024 windo in the CONCACF Nation's League. 

2 Responses to “ VI Men lose to SKN in 2nd CONCACAF Nations League match”
my 2 cents (11/09/2024, 13:38) Like (1) Dislike (1)
Reply
My advise to bvifa why yohl dont keep a camp for all local players or belonger who have papers for the vi and let the tryout for a month long and take the best out of the mass if u keep those little boys u will never go foward the dont have any experience they have very good players in the bvi just the paper work keep them down try a new strat the whole system need a revamp from the head to the tail
Trump (12/09/2024, 08:53) Like (0) Dislike (1)
Reply
"Bunch ah suckers and losers"



Create a comment
Nickname: 
You comment:

Submit comment
Disclaimer: Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) welcomes your thoughts, feedback, views, bloggs and opinions. However, by posting a blogg you are agreeing to post comments or bloggs that are relevant to the topic, and that are not defamatory, liable, obscene, racist, abusive, sexist, anti-Semitic, threatening, hateful or an invasion of privacy. Violators may be excluded permanently from making contributions. Please view our declaimer above this article. We thank you in advance for complying with VINO's policy.
Follow Us On
  
Disclaimer: All comments posted on Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) are the sole views and opinions of the commentators and or bloggers and do not in anyway represent the views and opinions of the Board of Directors, Management and Staff of Virgin Islands News Online and its parent company.
Home | News | Events | Cruise Ship Schedule | Classified Ads
© 2012 Advance Marketing & Professional Services
Designed & developed by Back2Flash.com

This online news site is the sole property of and is operated by Advance Marketing and Professional Services dba Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) in the Virgin Islands. The content, which includes all articles, photographs, advertisements, bloggs and graphic images, are copyrighted by Virgin Islands News Online and/or the original copyright holder.

It is therefore illegal to use, reproduce, rewrite, amend or plagiarise any items found on this online news site without the expressed permission of the Board of Directors or Management of VINO. Failure to comply could lead to legal actions.

© 2012 / All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.virginislandsnewsonline.com/en/news/-vi-men-lose-to-skn-in-2nd-concacaf-nations-league-match 
 ----- 
