Skip to Search
Skip to Live Player
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Mets Avoid Elimination, Force Game 6 in LA
 
HOME
ABOUT
ARTICLES
Mets Avoid Elimination, Force Game 6 in LA
Author Michael Cohen
October 18th, 2024 10:52 PM
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - OCTOBER 18: Pete Alonso #20 of the New York Mets celebrates with Brandon Nimmo #9 of the New York Mets after Alonso hit a three-run home run in the first inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers during Game Five of the National League Championship Series at Citi Field on October 18, 2024 in New York City.

The New York Mets are alive, and they still have a shot in this NLCS. After back-to-back blowout losses to the Dodgers in Games 3 and 4, the Mets jumped all over LA in Game 5, winning 12-6 to keep the dream alive for at least one more day. 

If there is one thing this 2024 New York Mets team has taught us all season: they never give up. 

The didn’t give up when they got off to an 0-5 start to the season. 

They didn’t give up when they were 11-games under .500 in May. 

They didn’t give up in Atlanta on the last day of the season to get into the postseason.

They didn’t give up when the Brewers had them on elimination’s door in Game 3 of the Wild Card round.

And they didn’t give up in Game of the NLCS while facing elimination at home. 

The Mets tattooed Dodgers starting pitcher Jake Flaherty, who dominated them in Game 1. On Friday night, New York returned the favor, knocking him out after three innings, where he was charged with eight runs on eight hits. 

Pete Alonso, a free agent to be this coming winter, had himself a night going 2-for-3 with four runs scored and three RBI. His three-run bomb in the bottom of the first inning set the tone for the rest of the evening for the Amazin’s as Citi Field became Party Citi yet again. 

Alonso’s homer proved to be infectious as the rest of the Mets lineup got involved in big ways. Starling Marte, Francisco Alvarez, Francisco Lindor, and Jesse Winker all had multi-hit games in the victory. 

Marte had the biggest night of all, going 4-for-5 with three doubles, and three RBI. Marte’s third inning double brought home both Alonso and Winker to make it 5-1. He later added an RBI single in the eight inning to cap off the scoring for the Amazin’s. 

Francisco Lindor and Jesse Winker both got into the action with RBI triples to help the Mets build a 10-2 lead.

?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 19, 2024
?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 19, 2024

Unfortunately for New York, the Dodgers wouldn’t go away. Home runs by Andy Pages and Mookie Betts pulled LA to within four runs, at 10-6. But the Mets bullpen stood firm. 

Ryne Staneck gave New York 2.1 quality innings out of the pen, allowing only a run while striking out four batters. 

He set the stage for Edwin Diaz who was brilliant in two innings of relief to secure the Mets victory in a non-save situation. 

NEXT:

The win assures that the Mets will play a Game 6 in Los Angeles on Sunday night. The Mets will have a pitching advantage with Sean Manaea getting the ball on short rest against the Dodgers bullpen.

MORE METS

Michael Cohen is the News and Sports Director at Fox Sports Radio New Jersey and Magic 98.3 FM, as well as a radio production assistant with Fox and Magic in New Jersey. He started his career in Somerset in 2018 initially as a news fill-in at WCTC 1450 AM, and soon moved up to higher responsibilities in the ensuing years, assuming News & Sports Director title in 2021Prior to his time with Fox Sports New Jersey, Michael was play-by-play voice for New Jersey Jackals baseball, and as well as play-by-play and color for the College of Staten Island basketball (men and women), softball and baseball. Michael began his career as a news and sportswriter with the Jersey Journal of Hudson County.




NEW STUDY RANKS NEW JERSEY'S MOST POPULAR NFL SNACKS

With the opening day of the 2024/2025 season in the rearview, fans have more than likely started munching on their favorite foods while watching a few (or all) of the games. All while dreaming that their team makes the potential Super Bowl trip.

As mentioned, part of the tradition for Sunday football is watch parties, tailgates, and snacking — lots of it.

To celebrate the first few games of the season, VegasInsider analyzed, and researched the most popular snacks across the country,

The study was based on the search volume for each snack using the words “NFL”. New Jersey returned results of a “mixed variety”, and if you asked this observer, the snack that ranked #12 (last), should be categorized as some sort of heinous crime.

But see for yourself….

New Jersey’s Most Popular NFL Snacks Ranked
12. Mozzarella Sticks
Fudio

Delicious breaded mozzarella cheese sticks with marinara dipping sauce.

Starting off the list are Mozzarella Sticks, returning an average search volume of 620. Trust me, that count is pretty low, you’ll see as we go further down the list. Were most of you upset like I was? Mozzarella sticks are a SOLID #5, and CERTAINLY better than the #9 spot, but we will get to that…

11. Hot Dog
Ben6 via Getty Images

Delicious chili hot dogs with cheddar cheese and diced onions next to hot dogs grilling on a flaming hot barbecue

Probably one of the most versatile on the 12 on this list, you can put almost anything on a hot dog and it will taste good.  We don’t even really know what it’s made of, but we don’t care! Grilled, fried, even MICROWAVED, it all tastes good! Unfortunately, it did not “cut the mustard”, only returning a search volume of 1,010. 

10. Pizza
chas53 via iStock

Slice of pizza with pepperoni, olives and green peppers on a serving utensil. Closeup of a cheese pull

Honestly surprising this ended up so high (or low) on the list. With an average of 3,161 pizza places in the state, NOT including chains, Pizza is a readily available option for New Jersey residents. Maybe that’s the problem..it’s readily available. Why go out of your way to get it every Sunday? Another versatile food option, it only returned an average search count of 1,020 — just 10 more than the hot dog.  What’s even more surprising is that pizza ranked LAST among footballs fans on average across the country. 

9. Popcorn
vasiliybudarin via iStock

A wooden bowl of salted popcorn at the old wooden table. Dark background. selective focus.

Returning an average search count of 1,040, this is controversial (at least for me). THIS should be the #12 spot. It’s a movie food! When the game is on, my first instinct is not “Can’t wait to chow down on some popcorn, and get kernels in my teeth”. With that said, I still endure, and I still eat it when it’s around. Butter, Caramel, Cheddar…it’s all good. 

8. Potato Skins
Fudio

Delicious homemade potato skins with melted cheese, bacon, green onions and sour cream.”n

Now we start seeing pretty big jumps in the search count. This bar classic returned an average search count of 1,420. If you find an arrangement of sauces these make a delicious edition to any Football night snacks arrangement. 

7. Chips & Dips
hamza ishqaidif

Bag chips doritos pattern top view on blue background

Talk about versatility! How many brands, styles, and flavors of chips are there out in the world? How many brands, styles, and flavors of dip are out there? Are you a Doritos person, or a Lay’s person? Are you the one guy who brought Fritos!? Do you like the punch of a spicy salsa? or the smooth flavor of ranch? Personally, grab a Jar of Tostino’s Queso Blanco and I can dip a piece of cardboard in it. I think it’s THAT good! Others agree chips and dip are a staple in the house, returning an average search count of 1,740.  

6. Pretzels
bhofack2

Homemade Soft Pretzels with Salt Ready to Eat

The cousin to the chip, the Pretzel returned with a score of 2,010. Whether you enjoy the hard, bite-sized pretzels from a bag, the big and soft salted pretzels, or even the sticks that are perfect for dipping. Pretzels start off the list of the top 6! 

5. BBQ Ribs
puhhha vis iStock

Barbecue Ribs With Sauсes Closeup. Man’s Hand With Spareribs. High Resolution

The messiest option, but always savory, BBQ ribs jump FAR ahead of the #6 spot with 2,770 for an average search volume. Just make sure you have a napkin on standby… 

4. Chicken Wings
KoriKobayashi

A variety of flavors of jumbo chicken Wings and ranch

Another large jump in average search volume, Chicken Wings are another snack that provides a medley of options. Boneless, or bone-In? And if you like bone-in, do you like flats or sticks? 
Do you like Buffalo, BBQ, or Garlic Parmesan? In New Jersey, Chicken Wings had an average search volume of 3,420! 

3. Meatballs
Fudio

A platter of delicious sweet and spicy meatballs.

Taking home the bronze medal, meatballs step away from the spaghetti dish and plant themselves in the third-place spot for your Sunday snack lineup! Meatballs returned and an average search volume of 5,450! What’s great about the meatball (other than everything), is when you get tired of using a fork, just plop one of those bad boys on a sub roll and you have yourselves a sandwich! 

2. Nachos
Evgeniyaphotography via iStock

Beef and cheese corn nachos served on a big plate ready to eat – Image

The runner-up goes to the reliable nacho! Now, I know what you might be thinking, and no, nachos do not count as “chips and dip”.  The reason for that…presentation. Nachos are more than just chips and cheese, it’s chips, cheese, salsa, sour cream, peppers, olives, and occasionally, pork, all blissfully blended in one. Nachos returned an average search volume of 13,130! 

1. Sliders
Zygonema

Two homemade beef burgers with mushrooms, micro greens, red onion, fried eggs and beet sauce on wooden cutting board. Side view, close up

New Jersey’s top spot goes to Sliders! Sliders returned the largest average search volume with 17,050! Sliders have gotten more creative through the years. But I’m a big proponent of keeping it simple. A nice medium-rare with cheese, ketchup, and onions, and I’m set!
Overall, sliders were the most popular snack choice for the country! 

​

 

Sign Up For The Sports Fix Newsletter
The sports news you want, find out about local events you need to know about, plus exclusive contests, games and more sent to your inbox.
Email *
SUBSCRIBE
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Author Michael Cohen
Category:
Fox Sports Radio NJLocal SportsNew York Mets
TAGS: 
MLB,NEW YORK METS
MORE FOX SPORTS RADIO NJ
Yankees Closing in on Three Time Batting Champ
Giants Retain Brian Daboll and Joe Schoen for 2025
Future of Aaron Rodgers and Jets Next Coach Up in the Air
Rutgers Men and Women Hoops Face Steep Climb in Big Ten as 2025 Begins
NFL and Golden Globe Awards Set for Ratings Battle
BOLDEST NEW YORK SPORTS PREDICTIONS FOR 2025
Sean Manaea Returns to Lead Mets Rotation
Aaron Rodgers & Jets Confound in Loss to Rams
Giants Win (maybe) By Losing
Bombshell Report Shows Ugly Side of Jets’ Woody Johnson
Dylan Harper’s Heroics Lift Rutgers in Thriller vs. Pirates
Reports: Bill Belichick Did “Reach Out” to Jets
Celebrate Kris Bryants’ Birthday with These Highlights
Mark Gastineau Wild Confrontation with Brett Favre over Sack Record
Rutgers Goes ‘Bowling’ This Christmas, Facing Kansas State In Arizona Rate Bowl
Mets & Yankees Fans Sound off on Juan Soto News
Mets Win Soto Sweeps from Yankees for $765 Million
Rutgers’ Kyle Monangai Named Big Ten First Team
Rutgers Announces Huge Recruiting Class on National Signing Day
Are the Knicks a Title Contender?
Best Fits for Next Head Coach of the Jets and Giants
New York Red Bulls a Step Away from MLS Glory
Rutgers Dashes Through the Snow to Victory over Michigan State
Rutgers Suffers Brutal Last Second Loss to Illinois
Yankees Must Consider Non-Juan Soto Options
New York Giants Release Embattled Quarterback Daniel Jones
New York Jets Fire GM Joe Douglas
Giants end Daniel Jones Era with Promotion of Tommy DeVito
Rutgers Bowl Eligible After Huge Win Over Maryland
Giannis to the Brooklyn Nets Could Be Move to Watch For
Rutgers Faces Dangerous Opponent in Maryland
Destiny Adams Scores 36 Points to Power Rutgers
Dylan Harper Shines in His Rutgers Debut
Rutgers Men’s Basketball Begins Season with Bailey Sidelined
Jets Trade Mike Williams to Pittsburgh
Rutgers Women’s Hoops Off to Flying Start
Greg Schiano: “Time to Go” As Rutgers Preps for Minnesota
Yankees Fumbled Fifth Inning Helps Dodgers Win World Series
Fans Who Interfered with Mookie Betts Allowed Back for Game 5
Volpe & Wells Turn Somerset Success into World Series Heroics
Yankees Face Dodgers’ Brooms in Game 4 Tonight
Aaron Judge Needs to Wake Up to Save Yankees in Fall Classic
Jets Enter the “Darkness” as Football in New York City Sinks
Rutgers Can’t Slow Down USC
Freddie Freeman Channels Kirk Gibson in World Series Game 1 Shocker
Knicks Obliterated in Opener; A Fluke or a Sign of Things to Come?
“Star” Wars Episode 12: Yankees vs Dodgers
Have You Seen What Yankees World Series Tickets Cost?
Download our station app

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!

About
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
Privacy Policy
Personal Data Request
Terms of Service
Advertising Terms & Conditions
EEO
DMCA
Connect
Contact Us
Advertise
FOX Sports Radio New Jersey- Employment
General Contest Rules
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Disable All
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://foxsportsradionewjersey.com/2024/10/18/mets-avoid-elimination-force-game-6-in-la/ 
 ----- 
