Green takes a stunner as Abbott drives undermanned Australia to series victory

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
UpdatedSportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

Green takes a stunner as Abbott drives undermanned Australia to series victory
By
Malcolm Conn
February 4, 2024 — 9.57pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
10

View all comments

Sean Abbott has rated an imposing performance with bat and ball as his best for Australia, lifting a second-rate Australia to a comprehensive one-day series victory over an unrated West Indies at the SCG on Sunday night.

Abbott’s highest score in one-day cricket, 69 from 63 balls in front of his delighted home crowd of 20,028, allowed Australia to win the second match by 83 runs to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.

Cameron Green takes a screamer.
CREDIT:
FOX CRICKET

He then claimed 3-40 and grabbed two catches, with a recalled Josh Hazlewood taking 4-43 as the West Indies were bowled out for 175 in reply to Australia’s 9-258 from their 50 overs.

“It was a nice night,” said Abbott, “I’m pretty chuffed.” His innings was punctuated with four sixes, the second of which was heaved into the Members Stand over wide long-on and struck a spectator in the head as he attempted a catch.

Advertisement

The man was given a hero’s round of applause, holding a bloodied paper towel over his right eye with one hand and raising the other in acknowledgement as SCG staff guided him through the crowd for treatment.

RELATED ARTICLE
Australian cricket
Why shorter Tests mean a longer spell at top for Australia’s attack

With Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh and Glenn Maxwell resting and a retired David Warner all missing from the batting line-up that took Australia to the World Cup triumph in November, the experiment of blooding new talent failed to answer concerns about the nation’s batting depth.

Big Bash hero Matt Short, batting at No.6, scored an unconvincing 41, suffering a mild hamstring strain in the process, after Australia collapsed to 5-91 from 16.4 overs.

Without Cameron Green (33) pressing on after a promising start and Steve Smith (5) or Marnus Labuschagne (26) failing to lay a solid foundation, a side lacking experience struggled to make headway on a well-grassed if well-shaved pitch until Abbott arrived at the crease.

Advertisement

Although Green did create one of the highlights of the night, taking a brilliant, diving, left-handed catch to remove Roston Chase (25 from 41 balls), to give Abbott his third wicket.

Debutants Jake Fraser-McGurk and Will Sutherland came into the team alongside paceman Josh Hazlewood after Lance Morris and Xavier Bartlett, the debutants from Friday’s ODI win at the MCG, were rested along with Head.

Fraser-McGurk, 21, was given the opportunity to open the batting for his country off the back of his re-invention as a blazing batsman following his move from Victoria to South Australia. While consistency remains an issue, he made global headlines with a century from just 29 balls in a one-day game against Tasmania early this season, finishing with 125 from 38 balls. In four 50-over matches for SA this season he has 171 runs at an average of 57 and a strike rate of 16 runs an over.

Sean Abbott after claiming the wicket of Keacy Carty.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

Facing the first over of the match, from Alzarri Joseph, McGurk had an unsuccessful swing at the first ball, missed the second slicing, charged the third and hit an on-drive to the boundary, lifted the next into the second tier of the O’Reilly stand with an extraordinary shot, then sliced again at the fifth ball to be caught behind. None of this was a surprise.

“We knew that he was going to go out and take it on,” Abbott said. “We’ve seen Travis [Head] build a game around that. Mitch Marsh is not as aggressive as that, but they all take the positive option and that’s the way we’ve played for a long time.”

Joseph claimed he enjoyed his brief but colourful contest with Fraser-McGurk.

“I think that’s how ODI cricket is going right now,” Joseph said. “Everyone’s going to maximise the power play with only two fielders out. So I think it is a very, very good approach, but I would still back myself to get him out.”

Now Victoria’s Sheffield Shield captain, Sutherland (18 off 33) shared an important 57-run partnership with Abbott late in Australia’s innings and later bowled tidily, claiming 2/28.

Sutherland, 24, joined a unique club with sister Annabel as they became the first brother and sister to play for Australia in 40 years and just the second after Terry and Denise Alderman (Emerson). Two years younger, Annabel has the jump on her brother, having played 59 games for Australia across all three formats. Both are allrounders.

Former Cricket Australia chief executive and father James Sutherland was among the proud family members watching the cap presentations ahead of the match.

News, results and expert analysis from the weekend of sport sent every Monday. Sign up for our Sport newsletter.

Save
Share
License this article
Australian cricket
ODI
West Indies
Test cricket
Malcolm Conn is Chief Cricket Writer.Connect via Twitter or email.
10

View all comments

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I don’t care. I’m doing it my way’: Luai on clauses, critics and life in the Tigers jungle
OpinionPoor Test nations are dying – but I have a solution
‘You can’t be serious’: Nine lures McEnroe back for Australian Open
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
FROM OUR PARTNERS
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/green-takes-a-stunner-as-abbott-drives-undermanned-australia-to-series-victory-20240204-p5f29x.html 
 ----- 
