Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
Brisbane Times
SportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies
By
Jonathan Drennan
Updated February 4, 2024 — 9.02pmfirst published at 12.36pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
Posts area
LATEST

2 of 7

OLDEST
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 7.30pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Abbott gets his second of the night

I asked for the West Indies to show some more intent and aggression, Carty obliged and was caught from Abbott’s bowling. It’s been a seriously tough night with the bat.

Carty tried a square drive but didn’t get the whole of the bat and a fairly easy catch for Inglis.

There’s a real sense of inevitability here.

What a game Abbott is having with bat and bowl.

West Indies 5-109

 7.25pm On Feb 4, 2024
Carty changes his bat and gets two boundaries

Carty asks for a new bat, hits an outside edge and gets a very rare boundary.

Then hits another boundary for good measure. The cricketing caddy has evidently given him the right wand.

We’re over 100.

This is a little bit more like it.

West Indies 4-108

 7.19pm On Feb 4, 2024
DRS: review lost for LBW

Smith goes for DRS for an LBW appeal on Chase which is quickly turned down.

One suspects he did it to give the crowd a little bit of excitement in this slow affair.

We’ve now gone to a run rate of 3.76 and the West Indies need 6.65 to win.

Chase and Carty have to start going more aggressive now.

West Indies 4-98

The West Indies’ Keacy Carty bats against Australia during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

 7.13pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wanted: boundaries for West Indies, available to start immediately.

The West Indies are desperate for boundaries but they have proved extremely hard to come by this evening in Sydney.

Athanaze managed two 4s. Greaves got 1, Ottley got 1. Hope and Carty got a 6 each.

That’s their lot so far.

Chase and Carty are facing an increasingly daunting bowling lineup that shows no sign of giving cheap runs away.

We have 99 dot balls so far.

West Indies 4-96

Australia’s Josh Hazlewood, right, appeals for a LBW decision on the West Indies’ Shai Hope, left, during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

 7.08pm On Feb 4, 2024
Inglis just misses catch

Inglis can only smile as he just misses a catch from Hazlewood to Chase. Dives low and just goes just beyond his gloves. It would have been a spectacular catch.

Chase and Carty will be looking to recreate their heroics in Melbourne, but it will not come without risk.

West Indies need 169 runs off 157 balls.

West Indies 4-90

 7.04pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Shai Hope bowled by Hazlewood

The captain is bowled by a beautiful delivery from Hazlewood who finally breaks the partnership of Carty and Hope. Hope is bowled cleanly.

The West Indies have to start taking some risks soon with the bat and somehow find boundaries if they want to put up any kind of a challenge and catch Australia target of 259.

In truth, it’s looking increasingly unlikely.

West Indies 4-87

 6.56pm On Feb 4, 2024
Carty gets an extremely rare 6

Hope and Carty are living off scraps here and doing their best to eek a total together for the West Indies. Carty’s six off Sutherland was very gratefully received. Carty has 22 off 26 balls, so certainly quicker than his captain who is the picture of steady as she goes.

Going for broke isn’t really Hope’s style and it’s hard to see a way through here for the West Indies at the current slow trickle of a run rate.

The SCG as ever presents a serious challenge for batsmen.

West Indies 3-82 after 20 overs

West Indies’ Shai Hope, left, checks he is in his crease as Australia’s Josh Inglis scoops top the ball during their one day international cricket match in Sydney, Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024. 
CREDIT:
AP

 6.33pm On Feb 4, 2024
West Indies finding runs hard to come by

Hope has steadied the West Indies with 18 runs, but it’s been seriously slow stuff out there.

The West Indies have a run rate of just over 4 and need over 5.5 to chase down Australia. They need 202 runs from 210 balls.

The Australian bowling attack can easily pin back the West Indian batsmen at the moment, there’s been 61 dot balls.

It’s taking a while to work out the bowling and pitch for Hope and Carty, runs are not coming easy. Even a single is gleefully taken at this stage.

West Indies’ Shai Hope plays at a delivery from Australia’s Sean Abbott 
CREDIT:
AP

West Indies 3-58

 6.18pm On Feb 4, 2024
Captain’s knock for 6

Hope takes advantage of a free hit and smashes Abbott for 6 sending young fans scrambling in the stand for a souvenir ball.

The captain will be crucial in keeping this game competitive for the West Indies.

He has hit 15 runs from 26 balls and has made a positive start.

West Indies 3-48

 6.15pm On Feb 4, 2024
Abbott’s performance

First over, first wicket. Abbott is having a day and night of it at the SCG..

A recap of his wicket. Striking with the bat and the ball today in Sydney.

The West Indies need 217 runs from 237 balls.

West Indies 3-42

LATEST

2 of 7

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘It’s my job’: How a Wallabies great’s son is plotting a Lions berth
Why the hopes of two clubs rest on a pair of the NRL’s brightest talents
How pigeonholed Brisbane Heat duo changed their national prospects
‘I’ll do everything I can’: Kyrgios speaks out as fresh injury threatens his Australian Open
OpinionPoor Test nations are dying – but I have a solution
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
BACK TO TOP
Brisbane Times
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
Brisbane Times
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Commercial Real Estate
BRISBANE TIMES
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/cricket/live-odi-cricket-new-look-australia-chase-series-win-in-scg-scorcher-20240204-p5f29f.html?post=p55mjn 
 ----- 
