Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies
By
Jonathan Drennan
Updated February 4, 2024 — 10.02pmfirst published at 1.36pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
Posts area
Go to latest
Pinned post from 9.43pm on Feb 4, 2024
Australia wins by 83 runs and seal series

It took a while, but Zampa gets his wicket and Australia win by 83 runs in a very comfortable win at the SCG.

The game started so brightly, with the West Indies bowlers looking extremely bright, particularly Joseph or Motie who caused the Australian batsmen all sorts of trouble. Particularly the latter with his varied pace that resulted in 3 wickets.

Abbott eventually came in at 8, and not a moment too soon. He had an incredible day with the bat, scoring 69 runs, and helped Australia set a significant target of 259 for the West Indies to chase on a pitch that made boundaries difficult to find.

Sadly, the West Indies batsmen could not match up to their bowling exploits and wickets were skittled rapidly with Abbott also starring with three wickets, as the batting lineup became another group who struggled on the SCG pitch.

The SCG once again provided tricky puzzle, but Abbott was easily the match for it with bat and ball, winning player of the match and guiding Australia to a series win.

Australia’s Josh Hazlewood, left, successfully appeals for a LBW decision on the West Indies’ Matthew Forde, right, during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

Australia win by 83 runs and the series 2-0

Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 10.02pm On Feb 4, 2024
Match report

Catch up on all the action from today at the SCG with my colleague Malcolm Conn’s match report here.

Sean Abbott was the star of the show for Australia.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 9.47pm On Feb 4, 2024
Relive the Albatross at full stretch

Before I say goodbye, just a quick reminder of the fielding brilliance of Green. What a take.

Cricketing poetry in motion below for your pleasure.

Good night and thank you for your company today and tonight.

Cam Green takes a screamer
CREDIT:
FOX CRICKET

9.43pm on Feb 4, 2024
Australia wins by 83 runs and seal series

It took a while, but Zampa gets his wicket and Australia win by 83 runs in a very comfortable win at the SCG.

The game started so brightly, with the West Indies bowlers looking extremely bright, particularly Joseph or Motie who caused the Australian batsmen all sorts of trouble. Particularly the latter with his varied pace that resulted in 3 wickets.

Abbott eventually came in at 8, and not a moment too soon. He had an incredible day with the bat, scoring 69 runs, and helped Australia set a significant target of 259 for the West Indies to chase on a pitch that made boundaries difficult to find.

Sadly, the West Indies batsmen could not match up to their bowling exploits and wickets were skittled rapidly with Abbott also starring with three wickets, as the batting lineup became another group who struggled on the SCG pitch.

The SCG once again provided tricky puzzle, but Abbott was easily the match for it with bat and ball, winning player of the match and guiding Australia to a series win.

Australia’s Josh Hazlewood, left, successfully appeals for a LBW decision on the West Indies’ Matthew Forde, right, during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

Australia win by 83 runs and the series 2-0

Advertisement
 9.26pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: The Albatross takes a screamer

Green takes an incredible catch diving and taking the ball at full wingspan. Nothing seems to get past this man. Reviewed but there was only going to be one decision.

Green is absolutely delighted and he should be.

The third wicket for Abbott.

Great ending to this game. Poor Thomas walks in very gingerly to take up his guard.

West Indies 9-167

 9.14pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Joseph goes down swinging

He went for it, but Joseph caught just on the deep square leg boundary, well caught by the fielding sub Harvey.

A second wicket on debut from Sutherland.

Cannot blame Joseph one bit, it just didn’t have the legs to get over the boundary, but nothing gained, nothing ventured.

West Indies 8-157

The West Indies’ Alzarri Joseph bats against Australia during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

 9.06pm On Feb 4, 2024
Consecutive boundaries from Joseph

It’s far too little, too late, but great stuff from Joseph.

He hits a four and a six off Hazlewood.

He’s putting together a much needed entertaining innings that will help liven up the late-night crowd at the SCG.

20,025 at the SCG today.

West Indies 7-154

Australia’s Josh Hazlewood, left, successfully appeals for a LBW decision on the West Indies’ Matthew Forde, right, during their one day international cricket match in Sydney
CREDIT:
AP

Advertisement
 9.00pm On Feb 4, 2024
Four from Joseph

Lovely drive from Joseph who lifts the ball over mid on for a nice boundary. He might as well put all of his chips on the table and go for it.

West Indies 7-140

 8.55pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Forde bowled LBW

Forde goes for an LBW off Hazlewood who has 3/28, after being briefly reviewed by DRS.

It’s hard to see the West Indies getting to 50 overs now.

The early afternoon was full of hope, now we are dealing in realism.

West Indies 7-134

 8.46pm On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Sutherland rewarded with first wicket on international debut

Shepherd is gone, he skies a shot off Sutherland’s delivery for Abbott to catch at mid off.

The first wicket for Sutherland on his international debut. There will be many more to come for this young man you suspect.

It’s hard to see the West Indies using their full complement of overs at this rate.

West Indies 6-126

SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - FEBRUARY 04: Will Sutherland of Australia celebrates with team mates after taking a catch to dismiss Justin Greaves of the West Indies during game two of the Men’s One Day International series between Australia and West Indies at Sydney Cricket Ground on February 04, 2024 in Sydney, Australia. 
CREDIT:
GETTY

 8.38pm On Feb 4, 2024
O Dot International

There’s been a serious amount of dots this evening, we are at 115 at last count.

The West Indies batters are absolutely damned if they do, damned if they don’t.

If they protect their wicket, they slow their run rate to a grinding speed. If they try to play more aggressively, they are completely vulnerable to this Australian bowling attack.

We have twenty overs left, and the West Indies need to work out whether they go down swinging for boundaries, or keep jabbing for rare single runs and brace for a dignified defeat. Who knows?

As I type, Chase gets welcome back to back boundaries.

West Indies 5-117

The West Indies’ Keacy Carty walks off after hie is caught behind by Australia during their one day international cricket match in Sydney, Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024.
CREDIT:
AP

LATEST

1 of 7

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I don’t care. I’m doing it my way’: Luai on clauses, critics and life in the Tigers jungle
OpinionPoor Test nations are dying – but I have a solution
‘You can’t be serious’: Nine lures McEnroe back for Australian Open
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/live-odi-cricket-new-look-australia-chase-series-win-in-scg-scorcher-20240204-p5f29f.html 
 ----- 
