Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
WAtoday
SportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

Live ODI cricket: Abbott fires with both bat and ball to help Australia seal comfortable series win against the West Indies
By
Jonathan Drennan
Updated February 4, 2024 — 7.02pmfirst published at 10.36am
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
Posts area
LATEST

6 of 7

OLDEST
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 11.57am On Feb 4, 2024
Green off the mark

It’s taken Cameron Green a while to get going but he’s hit three boundaries in a row.

Three brilliant shots from Green who has settled in nicely, finding the gaps in the field.

Badly needed for Australia after the early wickets of Fraser-McGurk and Inglis.

Alzarri Joseph has had a difficult period with the ball and in the field briefly, almost escorting a Steve Smith shot to the boundary after stumbling.

Australia’s Jake Fraser-McGurk leaves the SCG centre after his dismissal.
CREDIT:
AP

Australia 2-39

 11.45am On Feb 4, 2024
Wicket: Inglis caught

Josh Inglis gone for nine after slicing to backward point, caught by Roston Chase diving low.

Alzarri Joseph is having a great early spell with the ball.

Steve Smith desperately needs to steady this ship.

The crowd in Sydney has definitely got some great early entertainment for their ticket price.

The West Indies’ Alzarri Joseph celebrates taking Jake Fraser-McGurk wicket.
CREDIT:
AP

Australia 2-21

 11.42am On Feb 4, 2024
Calm after the early storm

Phew, time to catch our breath.

Cameron Green and Josh Inglis will be looking to settle into a rhythm after the crash, bang and wicket of the first over of Jake Fraser-McGurk.

Inglis gets a nice boundary, pulled straight of mid-on.

Jake Fraser-McGurk made an explosive but short debut.
CREDIT:
GETTY

Australia 1-21

 11.34am On Feb 4, 2024
Fraser-McGurk gone early after explosive start

Jake Fraser-McGurk faces his first ball on debut and wildly swings with a miss.

But with his third ball he smashes the ball leg side for a four.

On his fourth ball, he’s hit a six. Wonderful stuff and what a start from the young man.

On the fifth ball, he gets an edge and he’s bowled by Joseph for 10.

Short, explosive and not so sweet.

It was very entertaining while it lasted.

Australia 1-10

 11.19am On Feb 4, 2024
All you need to know about Jake Fraser-McGurk

If you want to get to know the debut Australia opener Jake Fraser-McGurk, look no further than here with a great piece from Dan Brettig on the man.

Here’s exactly what he can do with a bat.

 11.11am On Feb 4, 2024
Malcolm Conn at the SCG

“Will Sutherland and Jake Fraser-McGurk have become Australia’s latest debutants after being presented with their caps ahead Sunday’s second one-day match against the West Indies at the SCG. Sutherland, Victoria’s Sheffield Shield captain this season, received his cap from stand-in bowling coach and Victorian seamer Clint McKay. Fraser McGurk, who has had a break-out season for South Australia after transferring from Victoria, was given his cap by Australia’s one-day spinner Adam Zampa. Fast bowlers Xavier Bartlett and Lance Morris were Australia’s debutants in the first game in Melbourne on Friday night.”

 11.04am On Feb 4, 2024
West Indies decide to bowl after winning the toss

West Indies captain Shai Hope wins the toss and decides to bowl, saying he’s hoping to exploit the grass on the wicket for his quicks.

 10.36am On Feb 4, 2024
Ticket prices at the SCG

Noted cricket podcaster Paul Dennett has strongly criticised the prices of today’s ODI for the match between Australia and the West Indies at the SCG, especially in the context of a relatively low crowd in Melbourne for the first game.

An A-Reserve seat is going for $130, and Dennett points out he sat in the same area for the Big Bash final for $35.

He describes the O’Reilly Stand as the worst-value seats in Australia at $55, and eloquently describes the areas as a “blast furnace” given it’s going to be around 30 degrees today.

My Irish skin is quivering at the thought of it.

 10.27am On Feb 4, 2024
Shamar Joseph’s family speak about their son’s heroics in Australia

Three days after Shamar Joseph sent Josh Hazlewood’s off stump flying at the Gabba, music is still reverberating around the tiny Guyanese village of Baracara as the father of the young West Indies fast bowler takes a phone call from an unknown Australian number.

“I can’t express my feelings,” Eustace Joseph, Shamar’s father, tells this masthead as he walks to a quieter area. “I am overwhelmed with joy after his performance.”

Millions of Australians were glued to their televisions last Sunday evening as Joseph snared 7-68 in the fourth innings to steer the West Indies to their first victory in a Test in Australia since 1997.

Joseph’s parents, who live in a village in the Guyana rainforest, do not own a television. No one in Baracara does.

At 3.22am local time on Sunday, Joseph’s parents and other relatives were huddled around their daughter holding an iPhone. Luckily, on this day, there was a phone in the village that had service and battery.

Had the match been played before 2018, the family would not have been able to watch their son as they only received internet service six years ago.

Read more of this brilliant piece from my colleague Tom Decent, who tracked down the family here.

Shamar Joseph acknowledges the crowd in Australia during the first Test in Adelaide.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 10.23am On Feb 4, 2024
The West Indies squad

A recap of the West Indies squad.

Without Carty and Chase it could have got very ugly indeed for the West Indies in Melbourne.

There will be a huge onus on their batsmen to step up and build a decent total.

Openers Alick Athanaze and Justin Greaves will particularly want to prove their worth after falling for five and one respectively on Friday.

LATEST

6 of 7

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I’ll do everything I can’: Kyrgios speaks out as fresh injury threatens his Australian Open
Why the hopes of two clubs rest on a pair of the NRL’s brightest talents
OpinionPoor Test nations are dying – but I have a solution
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
BACK TO TOP
WAtoday
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
WAtoday
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Commercial Real Estate
WATODAY
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.watoday.com.au/sport/cricket/live-odi-cricket-new-look-australia-chase-series-win-in-scg-scorcher-20240204-p5f29f.html?post=p55mid 
 ----- 
