Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / New Zealand
South African cricket great Faf du Plessis on why he disliked all New Zealanders
By Neil Reid
Senior reporter·NZ Herald·
3 Feb, 2024 04:00 PM
7 mins to read
Save
Share
South Auckland fire, arrivals at Treaty Grounds, PM's tobacco ties | Focus Morning Bulletin February 4 2024
Video Player is loading.
Pause
Unmute
Current Time 
0:00
/
Duration 
0:00
Loaded: 0%
 
AD
0 of 0
.
0:15
Fullscreen
NOW PLAYING • South Auckland fire, arrivals at Treaty Grounds, PM's tobacco ties | Focus Morning Bulletin February 4 2024
Investigators on the scene of a blaze at a South Auckland car wreckers. Te Pāti Māori arrive at Waitangi treaty grounds. PM Chris Luxon's ties to tobacco companies under the microscope. ...

South African cricketing great Faf du Plessis says he was left with “extreme feelings of resentment” towards all New Zealanders - and not just the country’s cricketers - after a physical and verbal on-field stoush with the Black Caps.

The former Proteas captain has also revealed the antics ex-Black Caps wicketkeeper and captain Brendon McCullum employed to ensure match officials never heard the “constant abuse” he gave him during the heated clash.

Now retired from international cricket, du Plessis found himself at the centre of an ugly moment in the history of the Blacks Caps’ during the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

The treatment dished out to him by the likes of McCullum, Scott Styris, Daniel Vettori, Ross Taylor and even 12th man Kyle Mills - which he said resembled being caught up in a “bar fight” - saw the allrounder adopt a strong dislike of not only his Kiwi on-field opponents but also all the cricketers’ countrymen and women.

In his autobiography, Faf: Through the Fire, du Plessis has opened up about the incident which soured the Proteas / Black Caps quarter-final clash, in a chapter titled ‘This is Not a Bar Fight’.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Read More
New Zealand v South Africa: Why the Black Caps must ...
New Zealand v South Africa: Black Caps squad revealed ...
South Africa v New Zealand: Proteas name weakened squad ...
South Africa v New Zealand: Steve Waugh says Black ...
Cricket: 'I've been made a scapegoat' - South African ...
Cricket: Australia admit to same ball-shining tactics ...
Cricket: Faf du Plessis loses ball-tampering appeal ...

“For a while, I bore extreme feelings of resentment towards New Zealanders. All of them,” du Plessis wrote.

“I grew up thinking the Aussies were the gutter kings of sledging, but then I discovered the dark place the Kiwis are dragging you into.”

Former South African cricket captain Faf du Plessis opened up about his verbal and physical battle with the Black Caps in his autobiography. Photo / Photosport

The two teams begin a two-test series in Tauranga this morning. None of those involved in the verbal and physical showdown in 2011 are still playing international cricket.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

The allrounder was making just his 10th ODI appearance for the Proteas when he butted heads with the Black Caps during the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

Seemingly innocent comments from the then 26-year-old du Plessis in the lead-up to the game were seized upon by the Black Caps when he came out to bat.

He had told the media while he was relatively new to international cricket, he still had “plenty of experience” playing County cricket in England and domestically in South Africa.

He was then asked about the “chokers” tag given to South Africa at successive World Cups, responding he carried no “baggage” as he hadn’t been part of previous tournament failures. They were comments that the Black Caps later used as ammunition to attack him.

‘It felt like a bar brawl’

“As I walked out to bat, I could almost sense intense animosity from the New Zealanders towards me,” du Plessis wrote in Faf: Through the Fire.

“They told me I was arrogant [they used more colourful language] to consider myself an experienced player. ‘This is your first and last season, mate’,” he wrote.

Umpire Rod Tucker tries to calm the pitch-side blow-up after the Black Caps rounded on Faf du Plessis. Photo / Getty Images

Emotions erupted on the field three balls later when star batsman AB de Villiers was run out after du Plessis called for what would have been a tight run.

“Before AB had started heading for the changing room, the entire New Zealand side encircled me and the sledging intensified,” he wrote.

“Even Kyle Mills, their twelfth man, swore at me when he brought on the water bottles. I thought to myself, ‘Who’s this guy? You can’t talk to me – you’re not even playing’.

“I was surrounded by men in black; Daniel Vettori, Ross Taylor, Brendon McCullum, Scott Styris, you name them. They climbed into me as if I’d been caught stealing from them.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

A stunned du Plessis says he was then “shoved” and he retaliated.

“It felt like a bar brawl in Hatfield or Cardiff, with Kyle still hanging around like a drunk who had no business getting involved in someone else’s fight,” du Plessis wrote.

“I knew I had to stand my ground.

Former Black Cap medium pacer Kyle Mills was fined 120 per cent of his match fee after his confrontation with Faf du Plessis, an incident which happened when he was New Zealand's 12th man. Photo / Sam Ryan

“As was to be expected, I was accused of choking. The Kiwis made sure I knew the choking happened at my end.”

The ugly incident - which happened in a match which the Black Caps went on to win - led to a series of fines being dished out.

Mills was fined 120 per cent of his Black Caps match fee. Vettori and du Plessis were both fined 50 per cent of their match fees.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

While he described his fine as “hefty”, du Plessis wrote what had confused him the most was how McCullum – who directed “constant abuse of me from behind the stumps” - had escaped sanction.

“Brendon said the sort of thing to me that I thought was only the Aussies’ way of treating their opponents,” he wrote.

“It was like a scolding.

“I left India despising the New Zealanders. The level of abuse and aggression directed at me was worse than anything I had ever experienced.”

How Faf du Plessis made his peace with Black Caps, and all New Zealanders

Mills offered an olive branch two days after the game making an apology to du Plessis via social media, something the South African described as being “heartfelt”.

“It takes real courage and humility to make such a public apology after having done something wrong” he wrote in Faf: Through the Fire.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Four years later, and writing in a column for the Herald, Mills said the incident was “something I deeply regret”.

He wrote that he had “acted like a spoiled child and felt I had let down my teammates, country and family”.

Du Plessis and Styris - no stranger to run-ins on the cricket field - then made their peace during the 2011 Indian Premier League played shortly after the World Cup.

“Scott Styris and I were sitting next to each other at a table in a restaurant, and there was still a simmering tension between us,” du Plessis wrote.

“After a while, Albie Morkel had had enough and said, ‘Guys, come on. The World Cup is a thing of the past and you need to put that game behind you. Seriously!’.

“As in couples therapy, I first had some things to get off my chest. I wanted to know what Scott had to say for himself and his teammates.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

“At the onset of therapy, you usually look for someone else to blame for your own behaviour. Why had they targeted me specifically? It was nothing personal, merely tactical. Fair enough. It was a World Cup knock-out match.

“That made me feel slightly better.”

England coach Brendon McCullum and former Black Caps captain was no stranger to pushing the limits on the field before stepping back from sledging and pushing sportsmanship. Photo / Photosport
Revealed: The tactic Brendon McCullum used to ensure match officials couldn’t hear his cutting ‘verbal abuse’

In Faf: Through the Fire, du Plessis also revealed how McCullum avoided any sanction for the heated verbals he dished out.

At the time of the incident, he said he “couldn’t understand” how the now England test coach had escaped any punishment.

He later found out, explaining in his book: “When I asked Brendon about that on a later occasion, he said he just scratched his spikes on the pitch right up against the mic every time he felt like hurling verbal abuse my way, which was for the full duration of my innings.

“Hearing this, I had to let go of my bitterness towards them. I couldn’t hold a grudge for that. I was impressed . . . his resourcefulness earned my admiration.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Daniel Vettori and Brendon McCullum gave Faf du Plessis a verbal barrage during the 2011 Cricket World Cup. Photo / Getty Images

He also added that time had healed his dislike of “all New Zealanders”, adding: “Having had the privilege of playing against and with New Zealanders over the years, I now want to make my revised position clear; they are by far the nicest people on the international circuit.

“They are genuine people, and I enjoy them as individuals and as cricketers. They are as tough as they come, but also what we South Africans like to call lekker [good] blokes.”

Neil Reid is a Napier-based senior reporter who covers general news, features and sport. He joined the Herald in 2014 and has 30 years of newsroom experience.

Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Wellington punter bags $7 million in Lotto Powerball win
Tennis
ASB Classic: Top seed goes a set down; defending champ and third seed knocked out
Black Caps
Black Caps v Sri Lanka: NZ edging closer to ODI series triumph
World
‘Everyone panicked’: 30,000 ordered to evacuate from ferocious wildfire in Los Angeles
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from New Zealand
Wellington punter bags $7 million in Lotto Powerball win
08 Jan 08:32 AM

The win was made up of $6 million from Powerball and $1 million from Lotto First Division.

DoC investigating after whales found dead, injured in Kaikōura
08 Jan 07:17 AM
Son of Samoa returns: The Rock announces trip to motherland
08 Jan 06:00 AM
'Swimming strongly': Dolphin rescued from net by DoC team
08 Jan 05:16 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/south-african-cricket-great-faf-du-plessis-on-why-he-disliked-all-new-zealanders/LFRYK74SBVEZTO6HYEFAV2STAE/ 
 ----- 
