Skip to main content
Log In
Subscribe
Home
Obituaries
Pet Tributes
Classifieds
Entertainment
Lifestyles
News
Police/Fire
Opinion
Sports
Photo Galleries
Puzzles
Archives
Site search
Toggle navigation
TOP STORY
Elections
Ferrysburg voters to decide on 9 charter amendments
By CARTER FRYE Grand Haven Tribune Oct 10, 2024 Updated Dec 9, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
1 of 2

The Ferrysburg Election Commission (from left: Heather Witkowski, City Clerk Amber Schaner and Deanne VanderJagt) voted 2-1 to invalidate all election candidate petitions prior to the 2023 election.

Tribune file photo

Craig Bessinger will celebrate 30 years working for the city in 2025.

Tribune photo / Carter Frye
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Ferrysburg voters will decide on nine City Charter amendments at the polls next month, following a tense 2023 election season that saw the removal of all City Council candidates from the ballot.

After reviewing the current City Charter earlier this year, Ferrysburg’s City Council approved placing the amendments before voters on the Nov. 5 ballot.

“There were some issues last year with nominating petitions. They weren’t done the way the City Charter specified – so, as a result, none of the petitions were valid,” City Manager Craig Bessinger said. “After that, the City Council put together an ad hoc committee of three councilmembers: Bill Cate, Debbie Murdoch and Jerry Sias. They put together some revisions they thought were needed to clarify things for future elections.”

The proposed changes to the Ferrysburg City Charter are as follows:

Proposal A

The council is proposing to reduce the number of registered electors required for a nominating petition to not less than six and no more than 20 signatures.

Currently, the charter says that each candidate petition shall be signed by at least 15 but no more than 30 electors.

This became an issue last year when Councilmember William Montgomery failed to sign one of his two nominating petitions, eliminating several signatures toward his candidacy, which initially prompted the Ferrysburg Election Commission to remove his name from the ballot.

Proposal B

In the same section, this change would amend the charter to say a registered elector will be allowed to sign as many petitions as there are persons to be elected to office.

Currently, a voter may only sign the petition of one candidate per election.

Proposal C

This proposal will ask if the city clerk should continue to be required to write the determination of the validity of the nomination petition on the face of the nominating petition.

The clerk is specifically required to initial each nominating petition – this was not done last election, which became the main reason that all candidate names were eventually taken off the ballot.

Proposal D

This proposal would amend the charter to require the city clerk to contact any candidate whose petition is found invalid or insufficient via “personal messenger” as well as telephone, text message or email, to “ensure notification and require the deficiency be corrected within five calendar days of being notified,” rather than the current three-day requirement.

Errors on petitions came up for both Montgomery and now-Mayor Richard Carlson in last year’s election.

Proposal E

This proposal will ask if all gender-biased pronouns in the charter be changed to all neutral pronouns. For example, any she/her or he/him pronouns would be changed to they/them.

Proposal F

This proposal will state clearly that once elected or appointed, an officer will be sworn in at the next regularly scheduled meeting. Currently, the charter gives officers a 10-day window to take their oath of office.

Proposal G

This proposed amendment would change the Organizational Meeting – the first meeting after a November election – to begin at 7 p.m. rather than 8 p.m., which the charter says currently.

Proposal H

This proposal would increase councilmembers’ salary by $500 from $1,000 to $1,500, and increase mayoral pay by $750 from $1,250 to $2,000.

Proposal I

This proposal would pay councilmembers and the mayor $50 per meeting they attend.

While a couple of councilmembers were hesitant to discuss a raise in their pay at a City Council meeting in February, several others made the case that they should all be paid more, partly as a way to recoup campaign fees. The last time councilmembers received a raise was in 2019, an increase of $250 annually.

Bessinger says that it can be a motivator for those in the community to join local government.

“The thought is that by increasing the compensation, it will entice more people to run for City Council,” the city manager said.

Contact Carter Frye at cfrye@grandhaventribune.com

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
United States Electoral College Petition Election Politics Accountability Democracy Political Events Government Elections Group Decision-making Elections In The United Kingdom Political Corruption Governance Voting Psephology Political Law
Carter Frye
Author email
 Follow Carter Frye
Recommended for you
 (0) comments
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

Around The Web
Doctors Stunned: This Removes Wrinkles Like Crazy (Try Tonight)
Glo Vous
The Neck and Shoulder Heating Pad is Taking South Carolina by Storm!
Yifare
Bariatrician Stunned: Forget Ozempic, This "Fixes" Your Hanging Belly! Try It!
Right Wing Health
A 70-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over
Libiyi
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Professional Engineer's Nail Clipper - Perfect for Seniors in North Charleston
Outfany
South Carolina: Say Bye to Your Car Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Otto Quotes
Most Popular
 Articles
Boil-water advisory in effect due to Robbins Road water main break
30 years later, Grand Haven remembers Scott Flahive
Holland man dies after being struck by semi while trying to cross US 31
Grand Haven native inducted into cross country Hall of Fame
New Jeffers principal: 'I'm loving every second of it'
Spring Lake Township further restricts short-term rentals
Muskegon man pleads guilty to discharging a firearm from a vehicle in GH
County approves $280K in severance agreements
Veronica Sanchez in the Tribune's Teacher of the Week
Basketball Roundup: Fruitport ends 17-game losing streak to rival Spring Lake
Latest e-Edition
Grand Haven Tribune
To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.
Online Poll
What do you think about President Biden pardoning his son, Hunter?
I don't blame him, I'd probably do the same thing for my son
He should not have pardoned Hunter
I forgot Biden was still our president
No opinion
Vote View Results
Stocks
Market Data by TradingView
Sections
Home
Announcements
Entertainment
News
Sports
Lifestyles
Local Events
Obituaries
Opinion
Multimedia
Online Features
Services
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Promote Your Event
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
Contact Information
grandhaventribune.com
700 Washington Ave., Suite 140
Grand Haven, MI 49417
Phone: 616-842-6400
Email: web-support@grandhaventribune.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2024 Grand Haven Tribune 700 Washington Ave., Suite 140, Grand Haven, MI  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.grandhaventribune.com/news/elections/ferrysburg-voters-to-decide-on-9-charter-amendments/article_83631182-e511-5500-b49b-6da10dde69c4.html 
 ----- 
