SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT knock off Panama to kick off Mauricio Pochettino era 
Dylan Butler

Sunday, Oct 13, 2024, 03:06 AM

The Mauricio Pochettino era got off to a solid start with the US men’s national team’s 2-0 win against Panama in an international friendly at Austin FC’s Q2 Stadium Saturday night.

Yunus Musah and Ricardo Pepi scored for the USMNT, which heads to Guadalajara to take on rival Mexico in the final friendly of the October window Tuesday.

Musah broke the scoreless stalemate four minutes after halftime with his first international goal. Christian Pulisic and Brenden Aaronson played a one-two with the AC Milan midfielder sending an endline cross to his club and country teammate and Musah capped the well-worked sequence with a first-time finish.

Matt Turner made sure the lead held up, making a pair of quality saves three minutes later, with the former New England Revolution goalkeeper first diving to get his left hand on Édgar Bárcenas’ shot and then scampering to rob José Luis Rodriguez on the rebound.

Ricardo Pepi put the finishing touches on the win, with the former FC Dallas star scoring in second-half stoppage time, much to the delight of many friends and family in Austin Saturday night.

Goals
49’ — USA — Yunus Musah | WATCH
90+4' — USA — Ricardo Pepi | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: It wasn’t a dream debut, but it was a good first step for the USMNT with Pochettino in charge. They didn’t concede much and the winning goal was well worked, starting with Jedi Robinson before the Aaronson-Pulisic combination and that first-time finish inside the six by Musah. Now the USMNT head to Guadalajara to renew their rivalry with Mexico on Tuesday, while Panama meet Canada at Toronto FC’s BMO Field.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Turner didn’t have a lot to do, but he came up huge with a double-save just after the USMNT took the lead.

Incredible double save by Matt Turner 🧱

Watch USA vs. Panama live on TNT and Max 📺 pic.twitter.com/09ImM3hLZC

— B/R Football (@brfootball) October 13, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: He scored the first goal of the Pochettino era and it was his first on the international stage, as such we give the flowers to Musah.

Yunus Musah scores his first international goal and the USMNT's first under Pochettino 😤

Watch USA vs. Panama live on TNT and Max 📺 pic.twitter.com/MFHLxsZFUJ

— B/R Football (@brfootball) October 13, 2024
Next Up
USA: Tuesday, October 15 at Mexico (10:30 pm ET | TNT, Univision, Max)
PAN: Tuesday, October 15 at Canada (7:30 pm ET | FS1, OneSoccer)
Dylan Butler -
@Dylan_Butler
MATCHDAY
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
Related Stories
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
Atlanta United name Chris Henderson chief soccer officer, sporting director
San Diego FC roster tracker: Every signing for 2025 MLS expansion team
More News
2025 MLS Transfers: Tracking every club's roster moves
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire sign defender Jack Elliott
Transfer Tracker
Orlando City sign Colin Guske from MLS NEXT Pro
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas sign Pedro Martins from MLS NEXT Pro
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
Video
0:45
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
1:31
MLS Wrap-Up
MLS Cup champs LA Galaxy starting a new dynasty?
4:00
MLS Wrap-Up
Dejan Joveljić: MLS Cup is "back where it belongs"
3:31
MLS Wrap-Up
How LA Galaxy turned things around to win record sixth MLS Cup
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-knock-off-panama-to-kick-off-mauricio-pochettino-era 
 ----- 
