Skip to main content
Stars and Stripes FC homepage
USMNT and USWNT News, Opinion, and Commentary
Follow Stars and Stripes FC online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Stars and Stripes FC main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

UNITED STATES MEN
 
FRIENDLIES
2024 October USMNT Friendlies - USA 2-0 Panama: A good start to the Pochettino era

A strong second half put the Americans in the driver’s seat for a win

By Parker Cleveland@Cleveland_FC  Oct 12, 2024, 8:12pm PDT  53 Comments / 53 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Photo by Omar Vega/Getty Images

On the 6th annivesary of the day #SaveTheCrew became #SavedTheCrew the USMNT took on Panama in Austin, Texas at Q2 Stadium. With much hope and expectation, the USA got off to a... let’s call it a vintage performance against Panama. Los Canaleros are both difficult to play against and the USMNT lacked the quality on the field to break them down. The first half started off slowly, but the start of the second brought a renewed effort from the Stars and Stripes. A brilliant team goal put the USA ahead 1-0 shortly after the second 45 commenced and a last minute goal from Ricardo Pepi sealed the game 2-0.

The first lineup under Mauricio Pochettino was a different looking one from past incarnations of the team. It included Aiden Morris starting in midfield alongside Gianluca Busio and Yunus Musah. Up top was Josh Sargent getting his first start since the 2022 World Cup group match against Iran.

Panama lined up in more or less a 5-4-1 that shifted into an 9-0-1 when not in possession.

GIFS OF A NEW ERA, APPARENTLY

The Americans started out fast and aggressive. The attacking intent was clear and they pressed strongly when not in possession. That said, the threatening chances were lacking on the part of the Red, White, and Blue. Panama did not have any more success at really troubling Matt Turner though and the teams went into the half at nil-nil.

It was clear that something needed to change in the second 45. The USMNT managed to keep possession effectively but couldn’t break Panama down to work chances in the 18 or force a turnover to score on transition.

At time of publication it wasn’t know what Poch said at halftime, but it was probably something along the lines of “play better” because no changes to the XI were made. And they did play better.

Just four minutes into the half, the team worked a nice chance into the box... and by that, I mean - LOOK AT THIS INCREDIBLE TEAM GOAL...

THIS IS BEAUTIFUL FOOTBALL, IT’S NOT SOCCER AT ALL. Apparently all the team had to do to score a goal like that was practice for two hours for the first time in 14 years.

Panama doesn’t typically fold after giving up a goal but they do open up and the game became noticeably more watchable. Immediately after the goal, Sargent had shot blocked and it seemed that the team in white was at least a little rattled.

The match entered time for lots of changes because it’s a friendly in the 67th minute when the team executed a line change.

Not a lot of interesting stuff happened after the subs and there were more subs with Brandon Aaronson coming off for Malik Tillman in the 78th and Musah making way for Alex Zendejas in the 85th.

All that said, Panama did have some nice chances that made Matt Turner earn his keep on the night. That along with just not kicking the ball at the goal kept the Americans ahead.

It would be the USA who would score the second goal of the match.

This was yet another very nice goal from open play for the USA. It’s the kind of thing that has been generally lacking for the team in recent matches and seeing it come together is a good sign for things to come.

Next the Americans take on Mexico as the first match with the team’s rival under Pochettino.

MORE FROM STARS AND STRIPES FC
USMNT midweek viewing guide: Facing top dogs
USMNT weekend viewing guide: Winter wonder
USWNT end 2024 at #1 in FIFA world rankings
SSFC Spotlight: Phallon Tullis-Joyce could push for starting role with USWNT
USMNT add Costa Rica friendly to January Camp slate
USWNT to play Brazil in pair of April friendlies
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.starsandstripesfc.com/2024/10/12/24268856/2024-october-usmnt-friendlies-usa-2-0-panama-a-good-start-to-the-pochettino-era 
 ----- 
