Skip to content

Times of San Diego

Local News and Opinion for San Diego

DONATE
Menu
POSTED IN
SPORTS
Padres Hit Three Ninth Inning Home Runs, Beat Diamondbacks 5-0
by Keller Brown • Times of San Diego
Sept. 28, 2024, 11:15 p.m.
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Manny Machado dives to make the final out of the eighth inning in Arizona.Photo credit: @Padres via X

The San Diego Padres defeated the Arizona Diamondbacks Saturday 5-0, keeping Arizona tied for the final wild card spot heading into the final full day of the regular season Sunday.

The Padres bats were cold most of the night, but came alive in the ninth inning with three home runs. Catcher Kyle Higashioka hit a two-run home run to put San Diego ahead, and was immediately followed by a solo home run from outfielder Brandon Lockridge, the first of his career.

“That’s really cool man, congratulations to him,” said Padres manager Mike Schildt postgame. “That’s a big milestone.” 

Infielder Donovan Solano later added on with a two-run home run, capping off a five run final frame for the Padres.

Padres starting pitcher Randy Vasquez struck out four batters over six innings. The Diamondbacks were held to just two hits the entire night.

There will be one more full day of regular season games Sunday, however the Monday double-header between the New York Mets and the Atlanta Braves still holds massive potential to shake up the wild card standings.

Schildt rested key players tonight, including infielder Luis Arraez and outfielders Jackson Merrill and Fernando Tatis Jr. but acknowledged the fight in his club, no matter the lineup. 

“There’s no question this club, regardless of who we put out there, is going to compete and play to win the game,” Schildt said.

Entering Sunday’s games, the Braves hold a one game lead over both the Mets and Diamondbacks in the wild card standings. The Braves won Saturday over the Kansas City Royals, while the Mets were shutout by the Milwaukee Brewers.

Sunday’s series finale is scheduled for 12:10 p.m.

TAGGED:arizona diamondbacks, Brandon Lockridge, Kyle Higashioka, Randy Vasquez, San Diego Padres
Motorcyclist Badly Hurt After Collision with Car in Imperial Beach
Read More
GET TIMES OF SAN DIEGO BY EMAIL

Our free newsletter is delivered at 8 a.m. daily.

Enter address: 

LATEST NEWS
Red-Flag Warning Continues with New Santa Anas Expected – But Relief Is in Sight
Motorcyclist Badly Hurt After Collision with Car in Imperial Beach
Police Seek Suspect After East Village Confrontation Escalates into Alleged Assault
Analysis: Los Angeles Wildfires Bring Out the Disinformation Opportunists
Cold Case: Who Stabbed, Beat Ryan Cunningham in Chula Vista in 2004?
MOST POPULAR STORIES
Red-Flag Warning for Fire Danger Extended in San Diego County with More High Winds on Way
8, Including 20-Year-Old Pedestrians, ID'd Following Spate of Fatal Collisions
Multiple Fires Burning Throughout Southern California; Fatalities Reported
City of Chula Vista Seeks Public Input on Housing and Community Development Priorities
How National City's Rosie Hamlin, 15, Made 'Angel Baby' a Hit, Chicano Anthem
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS

ABOUT
Donate
Newsletters
Corrections Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Republication Guidelines
Terms of Use


Support Local News

San Diego residents need the truth. Help us report it. Join the growing list of donors investing in our community's long-term future. 

Donate
© 2025 NEWSWELL
Powered by Newspack
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofsandiego.com/sports/2024/09/28/padres-hit-three-ninth-inning-home-runs-beat-diamondbacks-5-0/ 
 ----- 
