SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
South Africa Qualifies for AFCON Semi-Finals After Dramatic Penalty Shootout

Both teams had numerous scoring opportunities, keeping the game adventurous and fans on the edge of their seats for much of this clash of high-aiming underdogs.

Safaa KasraouiFeb. 03, 2024 10:59 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Cape Verde Vs South Africa

Rabat - South Africa defeated Cape Verde today in the quarterfinals to advance to the semifinals of this gripping Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON).

 

The match concluded in a 0-0 draw in normal time, leaving both teams on an equal footing as they pushed for a goal in extra time. The game was eventually settled in the penalty shootout in South Africa’s favor, with the South African goalkeeper impressively saving 4 penalty kicks. 

 

As a goalless draw led to a tensely contested extra time, the game was mostly thrilling and lived up to the expectation of spectacle and close contest set by the ongoing, impressive continental footbaling showpiece. 

 

South Africa’s Bafana Bafana were mere shadows of their composed and clinical round of 16 display as Cape Verde entirely dominated the first half with smart positioning and short passes. 

 

Both teams did have numerous scoring opportunities, keeping the game adventurous and fans on the edge of their seats for much of this clash of high-aiming underdogs.

 

Cape Verde, not tipped to go beyond the group stages, made it to the quarterfinals on the back of commanding performances in its group and a dramatic, hard fought 1-0 win against Mauritania in the round of 16 earlier this week. 

 

South Africa, meanwhile, also not exactly expected by many to make it this far, advanced to the quarterfinals after stunning favorites Morocco with a clinical performance that resulted in a 2-0 win.

 

“Neither Cape Verde nor South Africa will have realistically thought they would be here,” the website Opta Analysis rightly commented ahead of tonight's clash as they predicted a close contest that any of the two sides could deservedly win. 

 

In the end, neither of the two sides was able to find the winner after 120 minutes of a physical and pacy contest. South Africa’s Bafana Bafana/Cape Verde’s Blue Sharks eventually clinched the win they needed in the dramatic penalty shootout to reach the semifinals. They now stand to take on Nigeria’s Super Eagles for a spot in the final. 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
King Mohammed VI Sends Condolences To Biden Over The Death Of Jimmy Carter

One Cigarette Steals 20 Minutes Of One’s Life, Study Finds

Belgium To Ban Single-Use Vapes In Bid To Protect Youth

Iconic Egyptian Shaabi Singer Ahmed Adaweyah Dies At 79

Algeria President Calls Detained Author Boualem Sansal ‘Imposter’ In Controversial Remarks

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/02/360575/south-africa-qualifies-for-afcon-semi-finals-after-dramatic-penalty-shootout 
 ----- 
