Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Mali eject Burkina Faso, to face hosts Cote D’Ivoire in quarter finals | AFCON 2023
Edmond Tapsoba scored into his own net in the third minute as Burkina Faso took the lead. Lassine Sinayoko extended the lead two minutes into the second half. Lassine Sinayoko extended the lead two minutes into the second half.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 30, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Mali players celebrate a goal against Burkina Faso | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Mali will now take on hosts Cote D’Ivoire in the quarter finals on Saturday, 3rd February 2024 at Stade Bouake.

AFCON 2023 (Round of 16):

Mali 2-1 Burkina Faso
Cote D’Ivoire 1 (5) – 1 (4) Senegal
Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania
Equatorial Guinea 0-1 Guinea
Egypt ((7) -1 (8) Democratic Republic of Congo
Angola 3-0 Namibia
Nigeria 2-0 Cameroon

Mali edged Burkina Faso 2-1 during the round of 16 contest in the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium on Tuesday evening.

A goal in either half for the Eagles won the game over the Stallions.

Edmond Faycal Tapsoba, a defender at Bayer Leverkusen in the Germany Bundesliga scored into his own net in the third minute as Burkina Faso took the lead.

Lassine Sinayoko (AJ Auxerre) extended the lead two minutes into the second half.

Aston Villa’s Bertrand Isidore Traore pulled a goal back with a penalty for Burkina Faso, 10 minutes later.

Bertrand Traore races with the ball after scoring a penalty | Credit: CAF Media

Mali will now take on hosts Cote D’Ivoire in the quarter finals on Saturday, 3rd February 2024 at Stade Bouake.

Cote D’Ivoire eliminated the reigning champions Senegal 5-4 in post-match penalties (after a 1-all draw) on Monday night.

The last round of 16 game will be between North Africans Morocco against South Africa at the Stade de San Pedro on Tuesday night.

DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
All the qualified countries for Chan 2024 tournament
Busy January 2025 awaits CAF safety & security expert Okello | CAF appointments
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/30/mali-eject-burkina-faso-to-face-hosts-cote-divoire-in-quarter-finals-afcon-2023/ 
 ----- 
