CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 03:04, June 7, 2024
China draws with Thailand in World Cup qualifier
By Xinhua
Share
Liu Yang (top) of China vies for a header during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

SHENYANG - Behram Abduweli scored a late equalizer in his international debut as China drew with Thailand 1-1 at home in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifier here on Thursday.

Before the match, China rank second in Group C with seven points, three points ahead of Thailand. Branko Ivankovic's team would ensure themselves of a place in the final stage of Asian qualifiers with a win.

Wang Dalei (second right), goalkeeper of China, makes a save during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

However, the away team broke the deadlock first in the 20th minute, when Supachai Chaided cut into penalty area from left flank, delivering a cross for unmarked Supachok Sarachat to score a free header.

China nearly found a quick equalizer two minutes later, but A Lan's low strike from distance hit the post, before a rebound shot from Fei Nanduo denied by Thailand goalkeeper.

Fei Nanduo (right) of China vies with Kritsada Kaman of Thailand during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

In the 28th minute, Ivankovic made an early substitution, replacing Gao Tianyi with 21-year-old Behram.

Thailand was close to extend the lead in the first half as they had ten shots and hit the woodwork twice.

Six minutes into the second half, China was awarded a penalty thanks to a handball foul from Kritsada Kaman, but Fei Nanduo's shot went high off the crossbar.

ALSO READ: China coach vows to beat Thailand in World Cup qualifier

A Lan (right) of China vies with Suphanan Bureerat of Thailand during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

The home team finally equalized in the 79th minute as Behram volleyed home a headed pass from Zhu Chenjie, after a free kick delivered by Xie Pengfei.

China had several opportunities in the final minutes by playing long ball, but they couldn't find the winning goal.

"It was a great pity that we couldn't win the match. My players were under great pressure, and they tried their best. As a professional coach, I need to take responsibility for everything on the pitch," Ivankovic said after the match.

Suphanat Mueanta (center) of Thailand competes during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

"Young players including Behram, Xie Wenneng, Wang Zhenao and Xu Haoyang, who played their first international match, did a great job. That missed penalty kick affected our tempo a lot, and we missed several chances in the last minutes. We need to be more patient to organize our offense," he added.

Thailand head coach Masatada Ishii also felt disappointed for not winning the match. "We had many chances but didn't fulfill our target."

In the other group C match on Thursday, South Korea smashed Singapore 7-0 to secure a ticket in the final stage of Asian qualifiers as group leaders.

Wang Dalei (top), goalkeeper of China, makes a save during the Group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Thailand in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, on June 6, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

In the last round of second stage of Asian qualifiers, China is scheduled to play against South Korea away next Tuesday, while Thailand will meet Singapore at home.

China needs to get at least one point in South Korea to qualify for the final stage of qualifying tournament.

READ MORE: China unveils 29-man roster for World Cup qualifiers

"For us the qualifying tournament isn't over yet. We will go all out in the next match and try to qualify for the next round," Ivankovic said. 

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Tsitsipas leads Greece to victory at tennis United Cup
Spanish football shines brightly with Messi still in spotlight
Top 10 world sports news events in 2024
Kyrgios says sport's integrity 'awful' in wake of Sinner, Swiatek doping cases
Djokovic, Kyrgios relishing partnership in Brisbane doubles
Inzaghi celebrates Cagliari victory as Martinez's goal drought ends
Atalanta's winning streak ends in 1-1 draw at Lazio
Inter dispatch Cagliari 3-0 to keep pace at Serie A summit
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/585112 
 ----- 
