Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

No data found

Australia vs South Africa: ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 – as it happened
Australia
v
South Africa
ICC MEN'S CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023
Match 10
12/10/2023
VenueBharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow
177
(40.5 overs)
311-7
(50 overs)
South Africa win by 134 runs
Australia
Labuschagne 46
Rabada (3-33)
South Africa
de Kock 109
Maxwell (2-34)
By Kevin Hand
Published On 12 Oct 2023
12 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This blog is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates from the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match between Australia and South Africa on October 12, 2023:

Read more
Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
12 Oct 2023 - 16:29 (16:29 GMT)
Goodbye from Lucknow

Not quite the record-breaking day that yesterday was – or indeed South Africa’s first match – but they won’t mind one little bit.

We hope you’ve enjoyed the live blog here on Al Jazeera.

Join us again soon.

From all the team and myself, Kevin Hand, it’s goodbye.

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:27 (16:27 GMT)
What next for these two teams of contrasting fortunes?

South Africa now face the Netherlands on Tuesday in Dharamsala, before meeting England and Bangladesh.

The Proteas will really look to keep up the pace following their opening two victories.

For Australia, they face another daunting task as they take on Sri Lanka, who fared a lot better against South Africa in the opening game.

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:25 (16:25 GMT)
Bavuma beams about ‘close to perfect game’

Bavuma may have lost the toss, but he was by far the happier skipper at the end.

“I do think 310 was over par. I think 290, maybe 300, was a par score,” the South Africa captain said.

“I’m glad we lost the toss because we were also looking to chase. Things worked out in our favour.

“Quinton needs to be credited a lot. I was a bit scratchy and found it tough.

“It was a close to perfect game for us. I’ll take that as our second game.”

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:22 (16:22 GMT)
Cummins: ‘Everyone is hurting’

Cummins admits the team will take this one hard as they lose their first two World Cup matches.

“I thought de Kock in particular batted really well, and we just couldn’t get a breakthrough,” the Australia captain said.

“From where they were, we were pretty happy with 310. We thought it was chaseable.

“It looked like hard work out there at night. Their bowlers bowled really well, and perhaps it zipped around a bit more than during the day.

“If we want to be challenging for this tournament, you have to try and find a way in all conditions. That goes for the batters and the bowlers.

“Not much needs to be said tonight. Everyone is hurting. We will regroup and try to make amends.”

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:14 (16:14 GMT)
Player of the Match – de Kock

It was consecutive centuries for Quinton de Cock to begin the World Cup.

He was understandly delighted with the overall performance when he spoke to the ICC broadcast at the end.

“It was a great win for the boys,” he said. “We didn’t know how the wicket was going to play and I think we assessed conditions really well.

“We knew it was going to be a really difficult game for us but as long as we stuck to our strengths and thats what we did and came out on top.

“Myself and Bavuma are the batters that go up front and assess conditions and we convey that on.

“We thought it was above par and seeing Lucknow play here, it does get more difficult to bat at night.”

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:10 (16:10 GMT)
What happened to Australia?

Where to begin with that defeat for Australia.

They lose their first two matches at the Cricket World Cup but the manner of the defeat will trouble them.

The pitch was the focus at the toss and Australia decided their bowlers would test it first.

That was understandable but the ball did a lot more under lights in the chase.

The fielding – and in particular, the catching – was extremely poor and that has to be the first place the Aussies look.

What on Earth happened to them in the field?

The capitulation with the bat can be put down to the extra swing and seam added to the threat the spinners were inevitably going to hold.

For South Africa, well, what a start. They’ve trounced Sri Lanka and now Australia – the team some thought would be India’s biggest challengers.

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:05 (16:05 GMT)
South Africa win by 134 runs!

And just like that Shamsi has two World Cup wickets – London buses springs to mind.

Hazlewood hammers one straight up in the air and Rabada holds on at midwicket.

Another thumping for Australia, who have much to ponder.

Shamshi, left, celebrates [Altaf Qadri/AP Photo]
Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 16:02 (16:02 GMT)
Wicket! Cummins is out! Australia 175-9

Shamsi has his first World Cup wicket, and it’s the Australian captain.

Cummins looking to clear long-off but holes out to Miller for 22.

Fun while it lasted.

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
12 Oct 2023 - 16:00 (16:00 GMT)
40 overs. Australia 174-8

Zampa tries to get in on the act, giving himself room to Rabada and picks up a couple back down the ground.

Five off the over and Rabada has two to bowl.

Powerplay Three begins. Five allowed back on the boundary now.

Click here to share on social media
12 Oct 2023 - 15:56 (15:56 GMT)
39 overs. Australia 169-8

Shamsi still awaits his first World Cup wicket.

Zampa takes a single fourth ball following three dots before Cummins misses out trying to hammer a short ball through square leg.

A ripper ends the over as Shamsi brings one spinning back in from wide outside the off stump.

It turns and bounces over leg. Nearly for Shamsi.

Brilliant ball.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2023/10/12/live-australia-vs-south-africa-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
