NFL
NBA
MLB
NCAAF
NHL
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Texas vs. Ohio State
Transfer News
Connections: Sports Edition
Newsletters
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Red Sox blast Yankees’ Gerrit Cole’s strategy to walk Rafael Devers: ‘He showed a lot of weakness’
By Chris Kirschner
Sep 14, 2024

131

NEW YORK — Before New York Yankees ace Gerrit Cole took the mound in the fourth inning, he met with pitching coach Matt Blake in the tunnel leading to the clubhouse. They discussed that if they retired Boston Red Sox leadoff hitter Jarren Duran, they would intentionally walk Rafael Devers with one out and no one on base.

Cole said he had pregame discussions with manager Aaron Boone where they decided they would be “more aggressive” with walking Devers in certain situations.

The Yankees led 1-0 when Cole intentionally walked Devers, a move that backfired immediately. Cole’s day unraveled after giving Devers a free pass: The Red Sox scored seven runs against the Yankees ace, and 10 of 12 batters reached base after Devers’ walk. The Red Sox went on to beat the Yankees 7-1, cutting New York’s lead in the American League to 2 1/2 games over the Baltimore Orioles.

“Clearly, that was a mistake,” Cole said of the decision to walk Devers. “I think I was bought into the plan going into it — but afterward — it was the wrong move.”

Boone said his preference was for Cole to attack Devers in that at-bat. Cole was cruising until the intentional walk. He retired nine of the first 10 Red Sox hitters and threw just 33 pitches.

“I didn’t communicate that well enough,” Boone said of overruling the plan. “And I think Gerrit was a little indecisive out there and rolled with it.”

Yankees catcher Austin Wells said he was “caught off guard” when Cole put his four fingers up and pointed Devers to first base. Wells added that he was not involved in any pregame or in-game discussions about walking Devers.

Devers entered Saturday’s game 13-for-39 with eight home runs and 18 RBIs in 43 plate appearances against Cole in his career. But Cole has also struck Devers out 15 times. That’s why Boone felt the decision might have been overthought.

Cole said the objective for the Yankees going into Saturday’s game was to not let Devers beat them, but for that to happen, he needed to make better pitches. Cole was up 1-2 in the count against Tyler O’Neill, the next batter, and walked him with three uncompetitive pitches out of the strike zone. Masataka Yoshida followed with an RBI ground-rule double, and then Wilyer Abreu added a two-run single, giving Boston a 3-1 lead.

The events that transpired in the fourth inning carried over into the fifth. Cole lost his confidence, and the Red Sox took full advantage. Cole allowed three hits, one walk and hit two batters in the fifth inning before he was pulled. He admitted the intentional walk was still lingering in his mind.

“There was some confusion after the discussion on was it the right move or not?” Cole said. “That human element, I think, came into play. They grabbed the momentum. It inspired them. They put good swings on good pitches. Ultimately, I had an opportunity to have success, and I didn’t come through.”

The Red Sox were heated after the game about what transpired between Cole and Devers, particularly because of the third baseman’s first at-bat of the game. Cole hit Devers in the back with a 0-1 cutter. Red Sox manager Alex Cora now believes it was an intentional hit by pitch because Cole didn’t want to face Boston’s best hitter.

“I felt like the first at-bat, he hit him on purpose,” Cora said. “He doesn’t want to face him. That’s the bottom line.

“We took exception to that because it was loud and clear that he didn’t want to face him. That first at-bat, now, after the intentional walk, we were like, OK, that’s what happened.”

Red Sox starter Brayan Bello said he felt Cole “showed a lot of weakness in that move” to intentionally walk Devers. The Red Sox’s third baseman was confused by the Yankees’ decision not to pitch to him, but he stopped short of believing he was hit on purpose.

“He caught me by surprise,” Devers said. “I didn’t expect that from a future Hall of Famer and, to say it one way, I feel like he panicked a little bit.”

Boone acknowledged that there wasn’t any strategic difference in the team not walking Devers at the beginning of the game versus when it was up 1-0. That’s why, in hindsight, the Yankees believe they made the wrong decision in the moment. It led to them blowing an opportunity to win the series and to ensure their three-game lead in the division held up before the Orioles played the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night.

After the Yankees’ loss, it took Cole roughly 40 minutes to speak with reporters — an unusual amount of time for him. Cole is normally prompt in discussing his starts, good or bad. Before he began answering any questions on Saturday, Cole took a deep breath and exhaled.

“It’s just a rough day,” Cole said.

It’s the kind of start the Yankees cannot afford to let linger with just a few weeks remaining until he’ll take the ball for Game 1 of the postseason.

Required reading
Jameson Taillon outduels Gerrit Cole in close friends’ first time facing one another
Gerrit Cole scratched from Tuesday start with fatigue, Will Warren to make MLB debut
Gerrit Cole’s oddly historic outing is the latest concern for suddenly struggling Yankees

(Photo: Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)

Chris Kirschner is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the New York Yankees. He previously covered the Atlanta Hawks from 2018-2022 for The Athletic. Chris was named Georgia's Sportswriter of the Year in 2021 for his work covering the Hawks. Chris is a native of Bronx, NY. Follow Chris on Twitter @chriskirschner

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5767130/2024/09/14/gerrrit-cole-yankees-rafael-devers/ 
 ----- 
