Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
SPORTS
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Egypt loses Salah to injury in 2-2 Africa Cup draw with Ghana

Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea are now locked on four points at the top of the section, with Côte d'Ivoire behind them on three points and Guinea-Bissau eliminated after losing both games so far.

Le Monde with AP

Published on January 19, 2024, at 1:18 am (Paris), updated on January 19, 2024, at 7:23 am 

3 min read

A fan of Egypt cheers prior to the start of the African Cup of Nations Group B soccer match between Egypt and Ghana in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Thursday, Jan.18, 2024. THEMBA HADEBE / AP

Egypt faces an anxious wait on the extent of Mohamed Salah's injury sustained in a lively 2-2 draw with Ghana at the Africa Cup of Nations on Thursday, January 18, while Nigeria defeated hosts Côte d'Ivoire 1-0.

Mohammed Kudus scored both goals for Ghana but the "Black Stars" were let down by defensive mistakes as Omar Marmoush and Mostafa Mohamed capitalized to dent the four-time champion's hopes of making the knockout stage. Ghana remained bottom of Group B with just one point, level with Mozambique, while Egypt was second, two points behind group leader Cape Verde. Cape Verde and Mozambique play their second game of the tournament on Friday. Only the top two in each group are assured of advancing.

Egypt's hopes of a record-extending eighth Africa Cup title suffered a blow before halftime when Salah limped off holding the back of his left thigh. Ghana was boosted by the return of Kudus, fit again after recovering from a hamstring injury. The "Black Stars" started promisingly but found it hard to get through the Egyptians' defensive lines as the Ghanaian fans let their impatience show. But a cooling break restored the supporters' good mood with many standing up to dance and cheer as the party restarted in the stands.

Kudus scored in first-half injury time – a minute after Salah left the field – when he received the ball from Salis Abdul Samed, eluded one defender, then another, before firing past Mohamed El-Shenawy in the Egypt goal from well outside the area. Kudus went close again after the break before Egypt had a goal ruled out through VAR for offside and Marmoush drew a save from Richard Ofori.

Egypt kept pushing and Marmoush finally equalized in the 69th after capitalizing on a botched backpass from Iñaki Williams. Kudus replied two minutes later with a shot that took a slight deflection off a defender to sneak inside the far post. But another defensive error from Osman Bukari, who had just replaced Williams, allowed Mohamed to equalize three minutes after that.

Nigeria upsets host

William Troost-Ekong's second-half penalty was enough for Nigeria to jolt its campaign into life with a 1-0 win over host nation Côte d'Ivoire. The "Super Eagles" were under pressure to get a victory after drawing their opening game against Equatorial Guinea and are now all but certain of reaching the knockout stage.

Coach José Peseiro's team finally showed defensive stability as it ended a six-game run of conceding at least a goal. But it was another frustrating performance from star player Victor Osimhen, despite earning the penalty that facilitated the win. Referee Mustapha Ghorbal awarded the spot kick after consulting video replays and deciding Ousmane Diomande had fouled Osimhen. Troost-Ekong took responsibility and confidently fired the penalty down the center of the goal in the 55th.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 AFCON 2024: Pitch dominated by players with two or even three nationalities

Osimhen missed the game's best early chance when he shot high and wide after being played through by Samuel Chukwueze. The 60,000-capacity Alassane Ouattara Stadium was mostly full for the match, as organizers said all tickets were sold out. Abidjan was bustling with excited fans long before the game, many wearing its distinctive orange jersey, blowing their horns, and waving the country's orange, white and green flags.

New
Le Monde’s app
Get the most out of your experience: download the app to enjoy Le Monde in English anywhere, anytime
Download

But Côte d'Ivoire dropped to third in Group A on three points, one behind Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. Only the top two in each group are assured of progress. Côte d'Ivoire next faces Equatorial Guinea on Monday, when Nigeria plays Guinea-Bissau for its final group game.

Nsue sets hat trick record

Emilio Nsue scored a hat trick and Equatorial Guinea took a giant step toward the knockout stage with a 4-2 win over Guinea-Bissau in the early kickoff. The 34-year-old Nsue became the oldest player to score a hat trick at the tournament, which is in its 34th edition, and the first in 16 years. Morocco's Soufiane Alloudi last managed the feat for Morocco in January 2008. Nsue capitalized on a defensive mistake to put the "National Thunder" ahead in the 21st minute, only for an own goal from Esteban Orozco to draw Guinea-Bissau level again in the 37th.

But José Miranda struck from outside the box after the break and Nsue grabbed his second to effectively seal the result five minutes later. He completed his hat trick by scoring from a difficult angle in the 61st.

Substitute Zé Turbo scored Guinea Bissau's consolation goal in injury time but couldn't prevent the country's winless run at the Africa Cup from stretching to 11 games. The "Djurtus" are bottom of the group after losing both games so far.

Le Monde with AP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/01/19/afcon-2024-egypt-loses-salah-to-injury-in-2-2-africa-cup-draw-with-ghana_6445433_9.html 
 ----- 
