Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Bermuda take on Antigua in crucial Nations League match
Mehluli Sibanda and Ross Clarke, Sports Editor
Created: Sep 10, 2024 08:00 AM (Updated: Sep 10, 2024 06:56 PM)
0 Comments
15
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Reggie Lambe scored Bermuda's second goal against Domican Republic (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

Bermuda head into their second Nations League match against Antigua and Barbuda on Tuesday (5pm) with a burning need for three points.

After losing their opening game in the competition 3-2 to Dominican Republic, who played 80 minutes of the match with only ten men, Bermuda cannot afford to leave Antigua with no points as they complete the first third of their group matches.

Their opponents are in a similar position after losing 2-1 to Dominica in their opening encounter on Saturday so an open game in League B Group 4 can be expected with both sides attempting to keep their hopes of earning promotion to League A alive.

Bermuda coach Michael Findlay understands the importance of travelling home with the confidence of a win and is hoping that the squad has left behind the disappointment of letting the lead slip twice against Dominican Republic.

“We’ve put ourselves in a position where we have to recover quickly, both emotionally and physically, in order to play Antigua & Barbuda,’’ Findlay said.

“We need those points to make sure that this group stays alive, which ii very much is at this moment in time. We have to move on to the next game and then re-evaluate after that.

“The beauty of this game is that it presents us with another opportunity and we’re not out of anything at this moment in time as it relates to Nations League.

“We have a game to play here on Tuesday and we have four more games after that, but we have to make sure that we leave Antigua & Barbuda with at least three points. That’s got to be our objective and without an objective, why would we play the game?”

With the two victorious teams from matchday one, Dominica and Dominican Republic facing each other at 12pm Bermuda time, the shape of the group will start to form by Tuesday night and Findlay is hopeful his squad will take their chance to shine against Antigua.

“At the end of the day, this group is still wide open,” Findlay said.

“It's now about getting maximum points and seeing where you fit. Whether that means you've won the group and qualified for the Gold Cup in 2025 or you have gained enough points that you’re one of the second-placed teams out of the four groups.

“This is a wide-open situation, but it starts again for us and we must make sure that we can get maximum points.”

The new Nations League format means that all four teams compete in the same stadium on the same day so Findlay has been given the perfect opportunity to scout Antigua at first-hand.

“We did keep an eye on their match against Dominica,” the Bermuda coach said.

“We also have some previous knowledge of Antigua & Barbuda as they are in our World Cup qualifying group.

“We’ll review their match against Dominica and make any adjustments we feel are required.

“We have to cleanse ourselves of this situation and get our minds on what we need to, which is to get the three points on Tuesday.”

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL
Related Stories
Dandy Town fight back to claim Friendship Trophy final spot
Time to invest in Alexander Isak
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Ruthless Boulevard hit seven past Eagles to reach Shield final
15
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or to post comment or to vote.

Published September 10, 2024 at 8:00 am (Updated September 10, 2024 at 6:56 pm)
Bermuda take on Antigua in crucial Nations League match
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/27/2024
Nicholas Pedro: the back story
12/28/2024
Myron Simmons disbarred for improper conduct
12/27/2024
Christmas gift a dream come true for Ravi Cannonier-Watson
12/27/2024
Yo, ho, ho: Claire introduces new rum cake line
12/27/2024
Man in court for haul of stolen garments
12/27/2024
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
12/26/2024
Abuse and theft charges dropped
12/25/2024
Festive spirit takes over Elbow Beach for Christmas

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20240910/bermuda-take-on-antigua-in-crucial-nations-league-match/ 
 ----- 
