Latest
Japan
Visual Stories
Travel/Tourism
World
Sports
Feature
Arts
Podcast
Olympics
Paralympics
About us


Baseball: Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani steals 3 bases, closes on "50-50" landmark

 KYODO NEWS - Sep 3, 2024 - 14:52 | Sports, All

Shohei Ohtani stole three bases to edge closer to the "50-50" milestone as the Los Angeles Dodgers overpowered their National League West rival Arizona Diamondbacks 11-6 on Monday.

The two-way star, who on Friday became the first Major League Baseball player to register 43 home runs and the same number of stolen bases in a single season, now stands at 44-46 with 24 games to go.

"If I can play in as many games as possible while staying healthy, there's a chance (of reaching 50-50)," said Ohtani, who has been kept off the mound this year following surgery to his throwing right elbow last September.

Ohtani ripped a line drive to right to open the game at Chase Field and drew a walk in the fourth inning before stealing second with Arizona starter Eduardo Rodriguez (2-1), a left-hander, on the mound.

Shohei Ohtani (R) of the Los Angeles Dodgers safely slides to steal second base in the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sept. 2, 2024, at Chase Field in Phoenix, Arizona, marking his 45th stolen base of the season. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

Ohtani then singled in the seventh in a similar manner to his first at-bat and went on to steal second with reliever Jordan Montgomery, another southpaw, pitching. Ohtani did not stop there as he stole third on the next pitch, again beating the ball from catcher Adrian Del Castillo to the base.

"I think of a situation holistically and take off when I think I can reach safely," Ohtani said. "It's ideal when I can advance. I'm glad if the steals lead to my team winning."

Mookie Betts drove in three runs, while Freddie Freeman hit a pair of two-run shots and had five RBIs for the Dodgers. Ohtani, who went 2-for-4 and drew two walks, is eying his first MLB postseason appearance as the NL West-leading Dodgers bolstered their title hopes by winning three games in the important four-game series against Arizona.

"I've never been in such a good position in September," he said. "Competing with teams from the same league at this time of the year is another experience I haven't had before. There are lots of games where the tension is high."

Ohtani will next face his former team the Los Angeles Angels in a two-game series, starting Tuesday at Angel Stadium. It will be his first return to his former home stadium in the regular season.

"I'm looking forward to it. It's a ballpark where I've spent longest," he said. "It's special for me and I'll look to give my all."

Related coverage:

Baseball: Ohtani hits 44th home run as Dodgers outslug D-backs

Baseball: Shohei Ohtani hot on "50-50" trail with 43rd steal, 43rd homer

Baseball: Ohtani hits 42nd homer after dog Decoy delivers 1st pitch

Sep 3, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Popular
Boxing: "Monster" Inoue confident ahead of postponed bout vs. Goodman

Jan 8, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Naomi Osaka is past wishful thinking, looks to end victory drought

Jan 10, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Golf: Matsuyama earns 11th career PGA win at season-opening Sentry

Jan 6, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Badminton: Two-time world doubles champions taking different paths

Jan 7, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Athletics: Aoyama Gakuin rewrites record, retains Hakone Ekiden crown

Jan 3, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Latest Video
More from Sports
Sumo: Terunofuji overpowers Takanosho for 1st win of New Year meet

2 hours ago | KYODO NEWS

Taekwondo: Teenage hopeful Ruka Okamoto eyeing Olympic debut in 2028

Jan 13, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Kei Nishikori wins in Australian Open return

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Sumo: Terunofuji falls to Wakatakakage as New Year meet opens

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Rugby: Sungoliath, Spears share points in League One arm wrestle

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Football: Furuhashi nets 10 goals for 4th season in row as Celtic win

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Football: Anrie Chase eyes bigger impact in breakthrough Stuttgart season

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Paralympic gold medalist to publish free magazine to promote goalball

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Sumo: Terunofuji overpowers Takanosho for 1st win of New Year meet

 KYODO NEWS - 2 hours ago - 19:24 | Sports, All, Japan

About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Links
Contact
Advertise With Us

© Kyodo News.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.kyodonews.net/news/2024/09/cf2e98ccc041-baseball-dodgers-ohtani-steals-3-bases-closes-on-50-50-landmark.html 
 ----- 
