Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Refreshed Freeman homers twice; LA wins season series vs. AZ
Share
Refreshed Freeman homers twice; LA wins season series vs. AZ
September 3rd, 2024

Michael Reynolds

@mreynoldsMLB
Share

0:01

0:58

PHOENIX -- Freddie Freeman homered twice and drove in five runs and Jack Flaherty delivered a much-needed gem on Monday as the Dodgers took three of four from the D-backs with an 11-6 win in the series finale at Chase Field.

The victory not only gave Los Angeles a six-game lead over the third-place D-backs in the NL West, it secured the season-series win and tiebreaker advantage over Arizona should the clubs have identical records at the end of the regular season.

Complete coverage: Dodgers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“For us to win three here is a tough feat, and it took some big hits, some big pitching,” manager Dave Roberts said. “And overall to come out of this series up six games against these guys -- we took care of business.”

The Dodgers got key contributions from nearly everywhere. Flaherty allowed one run on five hits with seven strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings, Teoscar Hernández was a homer shy of hitting for the cycle and Shohei Ohtani stole his 44th, 45th and 46th bases in his quest for MLB’s first 50-50 season. But Freeman wrapping up a huge series was perhaps most important to Los Angeles’ final push for its 11th NL West title in the last 12 years.

“To come out here into their backyard and swing the bats like we did and really beat the starter, tax the 'pen, I thought we had a great offensive game plan throughout,” Roberts said. “And the big stars performed.”

Freeman led that charge, going 6-for-15 with four homers and 10 RBIs this series after taking a four-day “mental break and finger break” as he deals with a fractured right middle finger and the continued recovery of his 3-year-old son Maximus, who last month was diagnosed with Guillain-Barré syndrome, a rare condition in which the immune system attacks the nervous system.

Related
Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

MLB, Los Angeles orgs dedicate 'LA Strong' collection to fire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

The medical staff said it will take four to six weeks to fully heal the injury sustained on Aug. 17, so Freeman knew the finger would still be broken when he returned, but the respite allowed the pain to subside a little bit and gave him the chance to clear his head.

Once he finally agreed to take Roberts’ advice when the manager called him last Sunday to suggest taking the Orioles series off, Freeman realized a mental break would do him some good.

“I pushed back on Sunday night when Doc called me, but I think it was a combination of a lot of things, more of a mental break and the finger break,” Freeman said. “It’s been a lot in the last month and a half for our family.”

It certainly has. Consider the timeline:

July 26: Freeman leaves the team when his 3-year-old son Maximus is admitted to the ICU after going into full body paralysis.

Aug. 1: Freeman’s wife, Chelsea, provides an update that Maximus had been diagnosed with Guillain-Barré syndrome, a rare condition in which the immune system attacks the nervous system. Freeman remains away from the team.

Aug. 5: Freeman makes a tearful return to the Dodgers’ lineup after the family was told Maximus would make a full recovery.

Aug. 17: Freeman breaks his right middle finger when a grounder takes a bad hop on him at first base.

Aug. 19: Freeman returns to the lineup after missing only one game and attempts to play with a splint on the finger. He goes 3-for-23 over six games, struggling to throw the ball on defense and unable to go through his regular pregame hitting preparation.

“It’s never easy to have the conversation to have Freddie out of the lineup,” Roberts said. “I just felt that it was needed at that point in time. Physically, mentally, emotionally, there’s a lot he’s had to deal with and he’s not a robot.

“He certainly took advantage of it, and it came at the right time. And I give Freddie credit for understanding where I was coming from and responding.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Freeman said returning to his regular pregame routine was what allowed him to have such a big series.

“It was just [a result of] being able to do my routine at work, not doing anything different,” he said. “I was able to practice before games, and I wasn’t able to do that last week.”

As he wrapped up his time away, Freeman said he and his sons -- Maximus and Charlie, 7 -- had a sleepover in the boys’ room the night before he headed to Phoenix.

Was that the good-luck charm that sparked this breakout?

“Yeah. Most likely I’ll be doing that again tonight. I can’t wait to get home,” he said.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
Freddie Freeman

Michael Reynolds is a senior content producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/freddie-freeman-hits-2-homers-stays-hot-after-mental-break 
 ----- 
