Skip to main content
Home
Local
Sports
Things to Do
Nation Now
Business
Travel & Explore
Politics
Opinion
Investigations
eNewspaper
Advertise with Us
Obituaries
Archives
Weather
Crosswords
Newsletters
AZ International Auto Show & New Car Buyer's Guide 2020 Model Year
Connect With Us
For Subscribers
Contributor Content
Israel War
Home & Garden Ideas
Palisades Fire: How it grew, hour by hour, in LA
CalFire has added the Palisades Fire to the state’s all-time list of the 20 most destructive wildfires. Here's a timeline of the fire's growth.
What are Katie Hobbs' legislative session priorities?
Migrant caravan heading to US through interior of Mexico
Death toll rises as LA crews race to contain historic wildfires
Nation 
Trump's intelligence pick hasn't impressed Sen. Kelly
Elections 
West Valley district to add performing arts school
Southwest Valley 
Buckeye fire rescues scared cat as woman escapes fires
Southwest Valley 
Woman dies after being struck by her own car in Phoenix
Phoenix 
How Darius Robinson can learn from 'redshirt' NFL season
Cardinals
Desert Botanical Garden will turn 86. How it came to be
History 
Arizona's darkest places: Here's the best stargazing
Arizona
Trash on highways is disgusting - and preventable
Letters
Woman injured in shooting near Desert Ridge Marketplace
Phoenix 
Phoenix homicides dropped significantly in 2024
Phoenix
Help
Terms of Service
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Accessibility
Our Ethical Principles
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.azcentral.com/story/sports/mlb/diamondbacks/2024/09/02/dbacks-update-freddie-freeman-homers-as-dodgers-claim-early-lead/75018181007/ 
 ----- 
