MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Realmuto's walk-off single in 9th lifts Phillies over Mets 9-2, Philadelphia takes 2 of 3
Updated Sep. 15, 2024 10:33 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — J.T. Realmuto hit a game-ending single off Edwin Díaz with two outs in the ninth inning, and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied late for the second straight day to beat the Mets 2-1 on Sunday and win two of three from New York.

Tyrone Taylor homered in the eighth against Cristopher Sánchez but Buddy Kennedy tied the score in the bottom half with an RBI double off David Peterson, who pitched a season-high 7 2/3 innings.

Nick Castellanos singled with one out in the ninth against Díaz (5-4) and stole second as Alec Bohm struck out. Down 0-2 in the count, Realmuto lined a 99.5 mph fastball over the high, outside corner to right-center for his sixth career walk-off hit.

“I’m just trying to put the ball in play and get the barrel on something,” Realmuto said. “These are the types of games you’re going to play in the postseason; these are the types of opponents we’re going to be playing. To be able to scratch it out, find a way to win, those are the types of things that build momentum and we need to keep that going into the postseason.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

New York (81-68) remains tied for the final NL wild card spot with Atlanta (81-68), which lost at the Los Angeles Dodgers later Sunday. The Mets, who wasted a 4-0 lead Saturday, lost for just the fourth time in their last 16 games.

“We had an opportunity and we didn’t get it done,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We just have to turn the page. We have to continue to play well.”

Philadelphia (90-59), which has a large NL East lead, reached 90 wins in consecutive seasons for the first time since four in a row from 2008-11.

“Our guys just keep moving forward,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said. “They know it’s a long year and it’s a new day tomorrow.”

The teams will meet four more times in New York, beginning on Thursday.

Here's What a 1-Day Shower Upgrade Should Cost You In 2025
The cost of a shower upgrade from local pros might surprise you
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide...
Ariat|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Wild Card Weekend Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has...
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

Mets All-Star shortstop Francisco Lindor exited with back discomfort in the middle of the second inning. Lindor also left Friday’s game in the middle of the seventh inning because of lower back soreness and was held out of the lineup on Saturday. He singled to center leading off the game and had an assist on Trea Turner’s grounder in the bottom half.

Lindor said he felt the discomfort after taking the first few steps out of the batter's box on his first-inning hit. He will be evaluated on Monday and have further tests, including an MRI.

“It's extremely difficult,” he said. “As someone who wants to post and be available, it's difficult to come out of a game and not be available.”

Lindor said the back discomfort has been bothering him for awhile and it worsened during this series.

José Ruiz (4-1) pitched a 1-2-3 ninth.

Sánchez gave up six hits with seven strikeouts, allowing just his ninth home run in 172 innings.

Peterson allowed four hits.

Luisangel Acuña replaced Lindor and went 0 for 3 with a strikeout. Acuña, a younger brother of Atlanta Braves star Ronald Acuña Jr., had a pair of singles in his major-league debut on Saturday.

Mets pinch-hitter Jesse Winker was ejected by plate umpire Nestor Ceja for arguing after a called third strike in the ninth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: 3B Alec Bohm returned from a strained left hand that had sidelined him since Sept. 3 and went 1 for 4 with a strikeout. … INF Edmundo Sosa (back spasms) played for Triple-A Lehigh Valley for the second straight day but is nearing a return to the Phillies.

UP NEXT

Mets: LHP Sean Manaea (11-5, 3.35) starts against Washington RHP Jake Irvin (10-12, 4.19) on Monday night in the opener of a seven-game homestand.

Phillies: Philadelphia LHP Ranger Suárez (12-6, 3.05) and Milwaukee RHP Aaron Civale (6-8, 4.57) are on the mound Monday in the start of a seven-game trip.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Philadelphia Phillies
Francisco Lindor
Alec Bohm
Nick Castellanos
Tyrone Taylor
J.T. Realmuto
Philadelphia Phillies
New York Mets
MLB - New York Mets vs. Philadelphia Phillies - 09/15/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/realmutos-walkoff-single-in-9th-lifts-phillies-over-mets-92-philadelphia-takes-2-of-3 
 ----- 
