Skip to content
Subscribe Now
37°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Realmuto, Phillies take Mets’ soul with another come-from-behind win
Philadelphia Phillies’ J.T. Realmuto, right, jumps into the arms of Kody Clemens, center, after hitting a walkoff single off New York Mets’ Edwin Díaz during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Derik Hamilton)
By AARON BRACY | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: September 15, 2024 at 4:34 PM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — J.T. Realmuto hit a game-ending single off Edwin Díaz with two outs in the ninth inning, and thePhillies rallied late for the second straight day to beat the Mets, 2-1, on Sunday and win two of three from New York.

Tyrone Taylor homered in the eighth against Cristopher Sánchez but Buddy Kennedy tied the score in the bottom half off David Peterson, who pitched a season-high 7 2/3 innings.

Nick Castellanos singled with one out in the ninth against Díaz (5-4) and stole second as Alec Bohm struck out. Down 0-2 in the count, Realmuto lined a 99.5 mph fastball over the high, outside corner to right-center for his sixth career walk-off hit.

New York (81-68) began the day tied for the final NL wild card spot with Atlanta (81-67), which played at the Los Angeles Dodgers later Sunday. The Mets, who wasted a 4-0 lead Saturday, lost for just the fourth time in their last 16 games.

Philadelphia (90-59), which has a large NL East lead, reached 90 wins in consecutive seasons for the first time since four in a row from 2008-11.

The teams will meet four more times in New York, beginning on Thursday.

Mets All-Star shortstop Francisco Lindor exited with back discomfort in the middle of the second inning. Lindor also left Friday’s game in the middle of the seventh inning because of lower back soreness and was held out of the lineup on Saturday. He singled to center leading off the game and had an assist on Trea Turner’s grounder in the bottom half.

José Ruiz (4-1) pitched a 1-2-3 ninth.

Sánchez gave up six hits with seven strikeouts, allowing just his ninth home run in 172 innings.

Peterson allowed four hits.

Luisangel Acuña replaced Lindor and went 0 for 3 with a strikeout. Acuña, a younger brother of Atlanta Braves star Ronald Acuña Jr., had a pair of singles in his major-league debut on Saturday.

Mets pinch-hitter Jesse Winker was ejected by plate umpire Nestor Ceja for arguing after a called third strike in the ninth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: 3B Alec Bohm returned from a strained left hand that had sidelined him since Sept. 3 and went 1 for 4 with a strikeout. … INF Edmundo Sosa (back spasms) played for Triple-A Lehigh Valley for the second straight day but is nearing a return to the Phillies.

UP NEXT

Mets: LHP Sean Manaea (11-5, 3.35) starts against Washington RHP Jake Irvin (10-12, 4.19) on Monday night in the opener of a seven-game homestand.

Phillies: Philadelphia LHP Ranger Suárez (12-6, 3.05) and Milwaukee RHP Aaron Civale (6-8, 4.57) are on the mound Monday in the start of a seven-game trip.

Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Iowa Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Cheapest Way Seniors Over 55 Are Getting a Brand New Walk-in Tub
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Discover The Future: $59 Smartwatch for Effortless Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
This Handmade New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Ai Bot Flips Wall Street on Its Head: Turns $1k Into $50k in Record 30 Days
Best Trader
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Council Bluffs!
Oil Change
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Baffled!
Tardive
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
Banks Selling Council Bluffs Homes at Massive Discounts
Real Estate Sales
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Council Bluffs: Cataract Surgeons That May Be Worth a Visit!
Cataract Surgery
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
This Joint Pain Method Leaves Doctors Speechless - Watch
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Blurry Vision? Do This Immediately and See Results
WellnessGaze Vision
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Md: Nerve Pain (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
What is Squamous Cell Carcinoma? Do You Know? (See More)
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Men With Enlarged Prostate Swear by This Simple Ritual
WellnessGaze Prostate
Top Doctor: Hair Transplant? Do This Instead to Regrow Hair
WG Hair Restore
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
September
15
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/15/realmuto-phillies-take-mets-soul-with-another-come-from-behind-win/ 
 ----- 
