WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 01, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
YEARENDER
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
T20 World Cup 2022: Wahab Riaz & Mohammad Amir question Pakistan's lack of intent | WATCH VIDEO
T20 World Cup 2022: Wahab Riaz & Mohammad Amir question Pakistan's lack of intent | WATCH VIDEO
T20 World Cup 2022: In the ongoing World Cup, team Pakistan is heavily relying on the results of the other teams, especially the results of the Indian cricket team. Team India's loss against South Africa on October 30, 2022, at the Perth Stadium, has dented their hopes.
Written By: Jishu Bhattacharya 
@bh0592
New Delhi
Published : Oct 31, 2022 13:54 IST, Updated : Oct 31, 2022 13:55 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : GETTY IMAGES
Mohammad Amir and Wahab Riaz

T20 World Cup 2022: Babar Azam and his team have been under severe criticism for the past few days. Their loss against Zimbabwe did not go down very well with their fans and experts. Their former cricketers have also been very critical and have questioned the policies that the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has in place. After their tri-series victory against New Zealand and Bangladesh, the boys in green were being touted as one of the favourites to win the World Cup, but as of now, the tables have turned.

In the ongoing World Cup, team Pakistan is heavily relying on the results of the other teams, especially the results of the Indian cricket team. Team India's loss against South Africa on October 30, 2022, at the Perth Stadium, has dented their hopes further but they will have some sigh of relief as they have somehow managed to win their last encounter against Netherlands. Babar Azam's troops have no option left but to win all their remaining games and hope that the other teams perform according to their expectations. With the threat of rain looming over the India vs Bangladesh match, the points table is expected to spice up further.

ALSO READ | Suryakumar Yadav dictates Proteas, shot-making abilities SKY high

Just before the India vs South Africa clash, Pakistan had locked horns against Netherlands. Babar Azam's men very convincingly restricted Netherlands on 91, but it was their batting and lack of intent that has been under severe criticism. Pakistan are in a dire need of improving their run rate, but they never made any conscious effort to chase this target down in any hurry. The Pakistan batters took their own sweet time and chased the target down in the 14th over. They also lost 4 wickets in the process. This has riled up Wahab Riaz and Mohammad Amir as they questioned Pakistan's lack of intent.

ALSO READ | Will dot ball percentage matter? Here is everything about Optus Stadium

RELATED STORIES
AUS vs IRE, T20 World Cup Live Streaming: When and where to watch Australia vs Ireland in India
T20 World Cup 2022: Hosts Australia look for semifinal berth boost as stern Ireland challenge awaits
T20 World Cup 2022: Virat Kohli lashes out, puts Instagram post on privacy breach

Wahab Riaz said:

We couldn't see any positive intent from the team. Our batters are not in good touch. True, that we won the match, but we could've chased the target down in a lesser number of overs. Atleast, they could have tried. I certainly think that it was a good win, but they could have tried and dominated the game.

Mohammad Amir also reacted to the same and said:

I am happy that they are off the mark. If you are chasing 90-odd runs in 20 balls, you have an open chance. Pakistan should have chased this down in 10 overs just to nullify the run rate factor. They also demoted their best batsman Shan Masood. I am unable to dissect what were they thinking.

WATCH VIDEO

Pakistan will now play against South Africa on November 3, 2022, at the Sydney Cricket Ground

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
T20 WORLDCUP
T20 WORLD CUP 2022
PAKISTAN
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, poses questions related to BJP

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Jasprit Bumrah needs six wickets at SCG to break biggest bowling record for India in Test cricket

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Katra ropeway row: J-K administration announces release of 18 detained protesters | Details

Kannauj: Elderly, dead on papers for 8 years, reaches DM's office to declare him alive, literally

Motorola Edge 50 Pro receives Android 15 update, But users report issues

TS TET exam 2025 begins tomorrow: Here’s subject-wise schedule, admit card download link, and more

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/t20-world-cup-2022-wahab-riaz-mohammad-amir-question-pakistan-lack-of-intent-watch-video-2022-10-31-820164 
 ----- 
