English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs South Africa- Who will win T20 match between Pakistan and South Africa?

T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs South Africa- Who will win T20 match between Pakistan and South Africa?
The Sydney pitch is generally considered a good batting wicket.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 01 Nov 2022 12:40 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 03 November 2022
Time : 01:30 PM IST
Venue : Sydney Cricket Ground, Sydney
Ball-by-ball commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview:

Pakistan, who are almost out of the T20 World Cup 2022, are getting ready to take on South Africa in their fourth Super 12 encounter. The Men in Green desperately need to win the game even if they don’t have any hopes of qualification. Pakistan have not played like their usual self and need to buckle up if they are to win against South Africa. Meanwhile, the Proteas have been phenomenal so far. They have defeated India and Bangladesh while their game against Zimbabwe ended with no result. The Temba Bavuma-led team are in red-hot form and they will pose a stern challenge against Pakistan.

Pitch Report:

The Sydney pitch is generally considered a good batting wicket. It doesn't offer the true bounce of the Gabba or the raw pace of the WACA but turns which ensures spinners have one venue in Australia to look forward to rolling their arm over. 

Team Analysis

Pakistan

Pakistan have neither anything to gain nor to lose. All they would like is a win against South Africa to boost the morale of their players. The Men in Green have been down and out so far at the showpiece event. They lost to arch-rivals India in their first game. The even bigger hurt came in their second game when Zimbabwe beat Pakistan by a solitary run. Although Pakistan won against the Netherlands, the win was not convincing. Now, the last year’s semifinalists desperately need a win against South Africa. And for that, Babar Azam needs to fire. The Pakistan captain has been a flop this World Cup. Their pace spearhead Shaheen Afridi has also not been in the best form scalping only one wicket from three games. Pakistan need these two to get back into the rhythm. 

SportsTiger's Predicted Playing XI of Pakistan

Babar Azam, Mohammad Rizwan, Fakhar Zaman, Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf, Naseem Shah

South Africa

The Temba Bavuma-led South Africa have been exceptional so far in the T20 World Cup 2022. They are the only undefeated team in Group 2 having defeated India and Bangladesh so far in the tournament. While they thrashed Bangladesh by a massive 104 runs in their second group-stage game, South Africa clinched a thriller against India. The Proteas beat India by five wickets to reach the top of the points table. Now, they have Pakistan to face in their fourth game of the tournament. South Africa don’t have much to worry about with almost all of their players performing. While Rilee Rossouw, Quinton de Kock, Anrich Nortje, and Tabraiz Shamsi starred in their game against Bangladesh, Aiden Markram, Lungi Ngidi, and David Miller helped South Africa beat India. Only captain Temba Bavuma has struggled to get going so far.

SportsTiger's Predicted Playing XI of South Africa

Temba Bavuma, Quinton de Kock, Rilee Rossouw, Aiden Markram, David Miller, Tristan Stubbs, Wayne Parnell, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Lungi Ngidi

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion:

South Africa are the clear favourites to win the match on Thursday (3 November). The Temba Bavuma-led team have the momentum on their side while Pakistan are lacking confidence as well as momentum. 

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

T20 World Cup 2022Pakistan vs South AfricaWho will win
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-pakistan-vs-south-africa-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-t20-world-cup-match-between-pakistan-and-south-africa-win-prediction-pak-vs-sa-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
