Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
FOOTBALL
Liverpool’s Attacking Depth Gives Jürgen Klopp Best Chance of Trophy-Laden Anfield Farewell
FEB 25, 2024
RYAN BENSON / AUTHOR, MATT SISNEROS / DESIGN
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

The EFL Cup final on Sunday marks the beginning of the end for Jürgen Klopp at Liverpool. Between now and June, his attackers will have a major say in how successful his final months in charge are.

The final months of Jürgen Klopp’s reign as Liverpool manager could be as successful as they could be anti-climactic. Whichever way the pendulum swings, it’s fair to say player availability – or lack of – will likely have had an impact.

Sunday’s EFL Cup final against Chelsea is, in essence, the beginning of the end for Klopp at Liverpool. With the German departing at the conclusion of the season, this weekend’s trip to Wembley is the only title match they know they’re definitely in; more trophies could follow in the FA Cup, UEFA Europa League and Premier League, but the only certainty of a final they have is this one.

Considering the transformational effect Klopp has had on Liverpool and the rapport he has with supporters, it’s difficult to ignore the pressure the players are going to be under to deliver success over the coming months; but this side’s character has rarely come into question, and their depth in talent is the envy of many.

If Liverpool’s bid to end Klopp’s brilliant spell with multiple trophies does yield positive results, there’s a strong likelihood most will laud their attacking options as the difference makers.

MORE EFL CUP FINAL CONTENT
FOOTBALL
Chelsea vs Liverpool Prediction: EFL Cup Final Preview
10 MONTHS AGO HARRY CARR
FOOTBALL
Why Chelsea’s Transitions Give Them a Chance in the EFL Cup Final
10 MONTHS AGO ALI TWEEDALE

Now, that might sound a little reductive or obvious; after all, forwards (are supposed to) score goals, goals win games and winning games can lead to lifting trophies. Fine. But the reason why they would be due special attention is because of the sheer number of Liverpool forwards making telling contributions.

Klopp was without 11 players for Wednesday’s 4-1 Premier League win over Luton Town, a game that was perhaps less comfortable than the scoreline suggests given the Reds were trailing at half-time.

Cody Gakpo and Luis Díaz were among those to score for the Reds during their second-half fight-back, with the latter seeing Liverpool pull off an exceptionally rare – one might even say “historic” – achievement.

Díaz’s goal was his 10th of the season in all competitions, becoming the fifth Liverpool player to reach that milestone in 2023-24; they are the only club in the top five European leagues to have five players reach 10 goals already this term, while it is also the earliest in the club’s history they’ve had as many players get to double digits in a single top-flight season.

Mohamed Salah (19), Diogo Jota (14), Darwin Núñez (13) and Gakpo (11) had already surpassed the 10-goal mark; the first three were all absent on Wednesday due to injury, meaning the Reds had to hope others would rise to the occasion. It might’ve taken a little longer than was ideal, with Díaz enduring quite a frustrating – albeit very lively – evening before netting against Luton, but they got the job done.

Liverpool now have six players averaging a goal or assist every other game at most across all competitions this term, while Salah (75 mins), Jota (87 mins) and Núñez (89 mins) are recording one every match. Trent Alexander-Arnold falls just outside that group of six, but his 11 goal involvements (2 goals, 9 assists) have come at a rate of one every 182 minutes – he too had been absent for a couple of weeks and won’t play at Wembley on Sunday.

Despite missing a host of key players against Luton, including arguably their three most dangerous forwards in Salah, Jota and Núñez, Liverpool still created chances that were worth 3.3 expected goals (xG); only once in the Premier League this season have they recorded more non-penalty xG in a single game (5.5 vs Newcastle United on 1 January).

While some might point to Luton not being one of the league’s better sides, let’s not forget that they ran Manchester United pretty close at the weekend, drew 4-4 with Newcastle and beat Brighton 4-0 inside the past month and also only lost by a single goal to Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal in December. In fact, Wednesday’s loss at Anfield was the first time Luton have been beaten by more than two goals since their first two games of the season.

In short, it was a fairly impressive attacking display when you consider how many of Liverpool’s best and most prolific creators were absent from the squad. Their starting XI was the youngest on average (25 years, 68 days) that Liverpool have named in the Premier League since February 2018 (24y, 355d), and it’ll have been even younger at full-time considering the late introductions of Jayden Danns (18), James McConnell and Bobby Clark (both 19).

Obviously the situation is far from ideal. Klopp and the fans would, of course, prefer to have a full-strength starting XI available, but the fact Liverpool are generally picking up positive results despite so many absences can only be a good thing.

Since the turn of the year, the Reds have played 11 times in all competitions, winning all but two of them and rising to the top of the Premier League. Over the same period, they’ve scored three goals or more seven times and been without key players practically throughout; Salah, who most would agree is their best player, has been available for only two of those matches, having a hand in five goals.

Liverpool’s utilisation of their bench has undoubtedly been a part of their successes to this point in 2023-24. Substitutes have accounted for 39 goal involvements (goals and assists) for Klopp’s men this season in all competitions; granted, they’re playing more games than most other teams, but it’s still a frankly ludicrous number when you consider it’s 17 more than any other Premier League side this term.

Unsurprisingly their forwards have been most responsible for this, with Núñez (7), Gakpo (6), Jota (5) and Salah (5) leading the way. It reflects very well on the team’s collective cohesion and character that their substitutes can be so effective so often; similarly, this helps explain how Liverpool have been able to win four more points (22) from losing positions than any other team in the Premier League this term. It also brings us back to the key topic, their attacking depth.

Spreading your goals across so many players is no easy feat. For starters, it obviously requires a group of high-quality players, but beyond that they all need to get enough minutes to have that impact. That in itself can require careful and precise management that allows for player X to be fit enough to provide maximum impact if player Y is absent.

It’s a tricky balancing act that Manchester City have been masters of under Pep Guardiola. In fact, the only season they’ve played under him (before 2023-24) and not had at least five players score 10 goals across all competitions was his first campaign in charge; in 2018-19 and 2021-22, they had seven reach 10. Otherwise, however, it’s not a hugely common feat.

Liverpool are the only other Premier League club to have achieved it in the past decade (City did also in 2013-14), with the Reds having five players reach double figures for goals in 2015-16, Klopp’s first season, and 2021-22 – though it should be noted that in 2015-16 none of the five players managed more than 13.

Attacking depth is often associated with many of the best teams we’ve seen in the Premier League era. Man City of the past few years come straight to mind, of course, but go back a while further and Arsenal’s title-winning side in 2001-02 included five players who scored 10 or more goals. Manchester United’s 1998-99 treble winners didn’t quite meet the threshold, but they still had Dwight Yorke (26), Andrew Cole (21), Ole Gunnar Solskjaer (14) and Paul Scholes (10) all get to double digits.

Granted, as mentioned before, playing more games does provide greater opportunities for players to score more goals, but you also have to consider that the deeper a team goes into a tournament, the tougher the opposition gets. We’re also not even into March yet, so Liverpool could potentially see all five of these players reach 15 goals; no team’s ever managed that in the Premier League era.

Fitness and injury issues will determine whether that’s something they can achieve, however. Jota will be out for “months” with a knee problem sustained last weekend, so it’s uncertain if he’ll even play again this season. Salah and Núñez have been struggling with ailments of their own recently, with the club giving little away regarding their availability for the weekend. Admittedly that could just be smoke and mirrors.

But there aren’t many teams who’d still be able to call upon players with the ability of Díaz and Gakpo, with the latter also boasting an adaptability that has seen him make an impact in several different roles for Liverpool this season.

If Liverpool are to gobble up several of the trophies on offer over the course of the rest of the season, Klopp’s squad will be stretched to its limits. That’s just the nature of fighting on multiple fronts.

But there is a feeling that Sunday’s EFL Cup final has almost sprung up out of nowhere; because of the busy fixture schedule, there’s arguably not been a huge amount of time to dwell on its importance and significance in the context of Klopp’s Liverpool procession. Success, then, will be a very welcome psychological boost for their challenges in other competitions that go deeper into the season, with the players safe in the knowledge they’ve at least given their manager one last trophy.

Either way, if anyone’s got the depth in firepower to sustain challenges in four competitions, it’s Liverpool.

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our new football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
PREMIER LEAGUE
Premier League Match Predictions
15 HOURS AGO CHRIS MYSON, HARRY CARR, CHLOE HORSWILL, PATRIC RIDGE
PREMIER LEAGUE
Premier League Predictions 2024-25: The Opta Projections at the Halfway Point
18 HOURS AGO MATT FURNISS
PREMIER LEAGUE
Crystal Palace vs Chelsea Prediction
19 HOURS AGO TOM PATEY
PREMIER LEAGUE
Is Alexander Isak the Best Striker in the Premier League?
19 HOURS AGO DAVID SEGAR
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/02/liverpool-attacking-depth-jurgen-klopp-successful-farewell 
 ----- 
