Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Mets’ Ronny Mauricio makes error in first MLB game at third base
By Mike Puma
Published Sep. 16, 2023, 3:31 a.m. ET
8
EXPLORE MORE
Felix Mantilla, member of original 1962 Mets, dead at 90
Nationals sign former glove-throwing Mets reliever Jorge Lopez
Pete Alonso, Mets remain locked in contract talks

When the Mets promoted Ronny Mauricio, the expectation was the club would evaluate him at positions other than second base.

The first of those other opportunities was presented to the rookie on Friday, when he started at third base for the first time in his brief major league career.

Mauricio’s start at third came as Brett Baty remained sidelined with a left groin strain.

Mauricio committed a fielding error that led to an unearned run in the Mets’ 5-3 loss to the Reds at Citi Field, but also showed off his arm strength and precision in later throwing out Tyler Stephenson on a bouncer toward the foul line.

In the fifth inning, Mauricio got caught in between hops on Harrison Bader’s chopper and the ball bounced off his chest for an error.

“I wasn’t sure whether to charge at it or stay back and it just got me there,” Mauricio said through an interpreter. “I think with a couple of more reps and just working on that I can make that play.”

The 22-year-old played nine games at third base last offseason in the Dominican Winter League and another two last month at Triple-A Syracuse.

Ronny Mauricio throw out a Diamondbacks runner during a game earlier this week.
AP

Mauricio is a natural shortstop, but that position belongs to Francisco Lindor for the foreseeable future.

Mauricio began playing second base this season and dabbled in the outfield, but there are evaluators in the organization who view third base as his best position.

And Mauricio doesn’t disagree with that notion.

“It could be,” Mauricio said, when asked if he felt third base was his best position. “I feel personally that third base and shortstop are the best two positions that I could play.”

But the Mets are still trying to figure out what they might have in the rookie Baty, who has struggled for much of the season both offensively and defensively.

That has left the Mets to evaluate Mauricio mostly as a second baseman, with Jeff McNeil lately playing outfield on a steady basis.

McNeil moved back to second base on Friday with Mauricio shifted to third.

“In the short time I have been learning [second base] I feel that I have done a pretty good job,” Mauricio said. “I feel that I have been progressing the way that I want … maybe the ball is hit a little differently or the angle to attack is a little different, but it’s an infield position so it’s something I can get accustomed to producing.”

A smiling Ronny Mauricio points to the Mets’ dugout after hitting his first career major league homer earlier in the week.
Robert Sabo for New York Post

Mauricio was asked if he wonders which position will eventually become his primary home.

“I don’t think much about that,” he said. “I just continue to go out there, try to work hard and try to help the team win games as much as possible. As long as I am able to do that, whatever opportunity and whatever the team decides I will be happy to do.”

Mauricio has thrived offensively for the Mets, with a .282/.333/.410 slash line and one homer in 39 at-bats.

“Offense is going to come and go, but where you can impact things is defensively,” manager Buck Showalter said. “These looks are fleeting, so we want to take looks at it, but also you are trying to solve the needs of everybody. It’s not just him.”

8

What do you think? Post a comment.

Showalter acknowledged there isn’t enough time remaining in the season to determine whether Mauricio is third-base material, but was pleased to begin the evaluation process.

“I think [Mauricio] will present a lot of good options for us as we go forward and things shake out,” Showalter said. “I like the fact we have given him a lot of different looks in different places, so we have got some options there. The good news is he presents himself well at three or four of those positions.”

FILED UNDER NEW YORK METS  RONNY MAURICIO  9/16/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/16/mets-ronny-mauricio-makes-error-in-first-mlb-game-at-third-base/ 
 ----- 
