Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Cabrera’s first homer in 3 months powers Yankees over Pirates
New York Yankees’ Oswaldo Cabrera celebrates as he crosses home plate on a solo home run off Pittsburgh Pirates relief pitcher Thomas Hatch during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 17, 2023 at 7:57 AM EDT

PITTSBURGH — Oswaldo Cabrera credited Roberto Clemente for helping him hit his first league home run in more than three months.

The 24-year-old New York Yankees outfielder visited the Clemente Museum on Friday with 25-year-old teammate Estevan Florial and Cabrera picked up one of the heavy bats used by the Hall of Famer, who starred for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955-72,

“I went there yesterday and the guy said like: Hey, if you hold this bat, you’re probably going to get a homer tomorrow,” Cabrera said after hitting his first big league home run since June 3 in the New York Yankees’ 6-3 win on Saturday night. “Oh, man, I can’t describe that. I can’t imagine that that happened today.”

Cabrera hit a drive to right in the eighth against Thomas Hatch for his fifth big league home run this season.

“The bat! The bat!” Florial told Cabrera when he reached the dugout.

After being optioned to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for a pair of brief stints in June, Cabrera was sent to Triple-A from July 23 to Aug. 3. He is batting .278 since his return, raising his season average to .221.

“I’ve been working hard to find that consistency and find that confidence,” Cabrera said. “Right now, I feel so good.”

Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo home run in the third inning for just his second hit in eight games, and Yankees pitchers retired the Pirates’ last 21 batters — 15 by the Yankees bullpen.

New York is 5-1 on a seven-game trip and has won 14 of 19, moving two games ahead of last-place Boston in the AL East. The Yankees (76-73) improved to three games over .500 for the first time since Aug. 12, when they began a nine-game skid. Trying to avoid their first losing season since 1992, they have won five of six series after going 0-8-2 during a stretch that started in late June

“The focus has been there, the preparation,” manager Aaron Boone said. “Even though we’re not in a great spot, we feel like we’re playing for a lot. We want to win. We want to play well.”

Stanton led off the third with his 24th home run this season, a 418-foot solo drive off Luis Ortiz (4-5) into the left-field bleachers that extended the Yankees’ lead to 4-2. The five-time All-Star is 2 for 27 since Sept. 6 and has three hits, each a home run, in 31 at-bats since Sept. 5. He is hitting a career-low .195.

“Looked like a breaking ball down in the zone that he smoked,” Boone said. “To really stick one, especially after they answered with a couple runs, to get that two-run lead back was nice in that spot.”

Luke Weaver gave up three runs and four hits in four innings with seven strikeouts in his first start since being claimed off waivers from the Mariners on Sept. 12. Rookie Jhony Brito (8-7) retired nine straight batters and Ian Hamilton and Clay Holmes three apiece, Holmes for his 21st save in 24 chances.

“I have to give credit to my teammates in the bullpen,” Brito said. “Always asking them questions and just getting advice from them, how to warm up in certain situations, what to do. So just followed their advice and their experience.”

Ortiz allowed four runs, six hits and six walks in 4 2/3 innings. Pirates pitchers walked seven batters, three of whom scored.

“You try your best, and sometimes, it doesn’t go your way,” Ortiz said. “I recognized with some of the hitters that I was trying too hard. Sometimes, when you’re trying too hard, that’s what happens. You try to throw harder and then you fly open.”

Rookie Austin Wells hit an RBI double in the first off the glove of centerfielder Jack Suwinski and, after Ortiz’s third walk of the inning, Estevan Florial lined a single to right.

Bryan Reynolds cut the deficit to 3-2 in the bottom half with his 22nd homer, a two-run drive.

After Stanton’s home run, Endy Rodríguez hit a sacrifice fly in the third.

“We bounced back,” Pirates manager Derek Shelton said. “We got two right off the bat and were able to get back. … Brito came in and he’s got good stuff. There’s a little funk there and it kind of kept us off balance.”

Aaron Judge walked for the third time and scored on a wild pitch

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: LHP Anthony Misiewicz was placed on the seven-day concussion injured list after taking a line drive to the face in the sixth inning of a 7-5 win Friday. Misiewicz was released from Allegheny General Hospital on Friday night, Boone said. … Hamilton (groin) was reinstated from the 15-day IL. … RHP Frankie Montas is expected to pitch one inning in a rehab start for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Sunday. Montas has not pitched this season after having arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder in February.

UP NEXT

LHP Carlos Rodón (3-5, 6.14) will start for the Yankees in the series finale Sunday and RHP Colin Selby (2-1, 8.20) for the Pirates.

Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Deana Hu’s shooting helps WW-P South pull away from WW-P North
Deana Hu’s shooting helps WW-P South pull away from WW-P North
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Juan Sanchez leads Trenton High boys basketball past Timber Creek
Juan Sanchez leads Trenton High boys basketball past Timber Creek
Robbinsville wrestling goes 1-2 in quad meet at Northern Burlington
Robbinsville wrestling goes 1-2 in quad meet at Northern Burlington
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2023
September
17
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2023/09/17/cabreras-first-homer-in-3-months-powers-yankees-over-pirates/ 
 ----- 
