Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Yankees glad to be in Pittsburgh on day Roberto Clemente was honored
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 16, 2023, 3:11 a.m. ET
5
EXPLORE MORE
Yankees fans who mauled Mookie Betts at World Series banned from all MLB stadiums indefinitely
Why this spring could be the last chance for this pair of Yankees infielders
Yankees, Mark Leiter Jr. can’t reach deal with arbitration looming

PITTSBURGH — The Yankees were in the right spot for Roberto Clemente Day.

In the city where Clemente played all 18 years of his Hall-of-Fame career, the Yankees opened a series against the Pirates on Friday with three of their players wearing his former number. Aaron Judge, Giancarlo Stanton and Kyle Higashioka all wore No. 21 for the game as previous nominees (Judge this season) for the Roberto Clemente Award.

“It kind of embodies not only being a great player, but also a great human being,” Higashioka said.

The Yankees had plans to tour the Clemente Museum after their 7-5 win Friday night in a visit set up by hitting coach Sean Casey, who grew up in the Pittsburgh area. Even before that, they appreciated being in town for the annual day to honor the late Clemente.

“It’s awesome,” manager Aaron Boone said. “I still marvel at all the highlights of his greatness and how he moved and his swing and how dynamic of a player he was. But then obviously where MLB stops and pays respect and a day is dedicated to him speaks more than the fact of what he was off the field.

Roberto Clemente Jr. and Roberto Clemente III, son and grandson of Pirates Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente, throw out the first pitch before Pittsburgh’s 7-5 loss to the Yankees.
AP

“Obviously, a Hall of Fame player, but the things he did away from the field, still to this day, are revered and looked upon with such reverence. Judgey’s our nominee this year. I’ve talked to many people over the years that have ultimately won the Roberto Clemente Award — oftentimes great players in their own right that have won MVPs, Silver Sluggers, you name it — almost to a man, the most meaningful award they’ve ever won is the Roberto Clemente Award.”

Clemente’s sons threw out the first pitch before the game.

RHP Jonathan Loaisiga, whose season was cut short by right elbow inflammation, has swelling in the joint but his “ligament is fine,” Boone clarified on Friday.

RHP Clay Holmes was under the weather on Thursday, which is why RHP Tommy Kahnle was asked to record a two-inning save in the Yankees’ 8-5 win over the Red Sox. But Holmes was feeling better by Friday and nailed down the save with a perfect ninth inning.

RHP Luke Weaver, whom the Yankees claimed off waivers Tuesday, will start Saturday against the Pirates.

5

What do you think? Post a comment.

RHP Ian Hamilton (groin strain) is expected to be activated off the injured list on Saturday or Sunday.

FILED UNDER CLAY HOLMES  JONATHAN LOAISIGA  NEW YORK YANKEES  PITTSBURGH PIRATES  ROBERTO CLEMENTE  9/16/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/16/yankees-glad-to-be-in-pittsburgh-on-day-roberto-clemente-was-honored/ 
 ----- 
