Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Misiewicz released from hospital day after scary incident
Share
Misiewicz released from hospital day after scary incident
Yankees reliever was struck in head by 100.6 mph line drive on Friday night
September 16th, 2023

Jake Crouse

@JakeCrouseMLB
Share

0:01

1:08

PITTSBURGH -- Yankees reliever Anthony Misiewicz was released from the hospital on Saturday, one night after taking a hard-hit liner off his head before getting to his feet and walking to a cart to be taken off the field on Friday night.

Yankees manager Aaron Boone visited Misiewicz, who was placed on the seven-day concussion injured list on Saturday, at Allegheny General Hospital after the Yankees' 7-5 win at PNC Park. Boone said Misiewicz will see a doctor in Pittsburgh on Sunday, then undergo further examinations at home after the team returns to New York on Sunday night.

“He was in good spirits,” Boone said. “He looked and sounded pretty good. He’s definitely got some symptoms today, but I think all things considered, he’s doing pretty well.”

In the sixth inning of Friday night’s game vs. the Pirates, Misiewicz entered in relief of Gerrit Cole to begin the frame. With two on and two outs, Pittsburgh leadoff hitter Ji Hwan Bae stepped to the plate and connected on a 1-2 breaking ball for a 100.6 mph liner that struck Misiewicz in the left side of his head. The left-hander fell flat on the ground and rolled over in pain.

“I saw the ball going through to him and I saw his face, too, so I got a little bit of shock,” Bae said. “I was just feeling really sorry about it. It was an accident. Nothing we can do. Just praying.”

The Yankees’ medical staff rushed in, and after a few minutes, the reliever sat up while he was checked with a towel to his head to prevent more bleeding. Members of both teams took a knee on the field, and Bae was visibly shaken up by the play.

Misiewicz eventually slowly rose to his feet with support and walked to a medical cart, and he exchanged a thumbs-up with the Yankees’ dugout before exiting the field. He was relieved by righty Zach McAllister on the mound.

“I can’t explain it. It all happened really fast, honestly,” said catcher Ben Rortvedt. “I’m glad that he’s conscious and hope he’s OK.”

Misiewicz was alert and oriented immediately after the incident, and he was transported to Allegheny General Hospital, where he underwent further testing before being released, though he still has some concussion-related symptoms.

“That’s about as scary as it gets, right?” Boone said. “To see something like that and to see him go down. Pretty much right away out there, we had at least a decent feeling on how he was able to communicate and answer questions.

“And then, I think getting to see him last night, it felt like -- all things considered -- he was in a pretty good spot.”

Reliever Ian Hamilton was reinstated from the 15-day injured list on Saturday to replace Misiewicz on the active roster.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Anthony Misiewicz

Jake Crouse is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-pitcher-anthony-misiewicz-hit-in-head-by-line-drive 
 ----- 
