Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
This friendly family rivalry may get big playoff test
Share
This friendly family rivalry may get big playoff test
September 20th, 2023

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share
The Espada/Hyde family

This story was excerpted from Brian McTaggart’s Astros Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Any time the Astros and Orioles play each other like they did this week at Minute Maid Park, a family is split. On one side is Lisa Hyde, who’s married to Orioles manager Brandon Hyde. On the other side is her sister, Pamela Espada, who’s married to Astros bench coach Joe Espada.

As family rivalries go, this one is rather civil. The sisters are extremely close, so a case could be made that nobody in the stands loses when the Astros and Orioles meet on the field. Don’t tell that to their husbands, though, who are competitors through and through and trying to help their respective teams win the World Series.

When the Astros went to Baltimore in August and won three of four games from the Orioles, much of the family was there, considering the sisters have some roots in the Northeast. So you can only imagine how excited the family would be if the Astros and Orioles meet in the postseason this year.

“I think meeting up in the postseason would be a lot of fun, but I am not a competitive person,” Pamela Espada said. “I look at is as either way, our family kind of wins. My husband wants to win and obviously Brandon would also like to win.”

Brandon Hyde married Lisa Dearth in 2006, and Joe married her youngest sister, Pamela, in 2009. Hyde was managing at Single-A Greensboro in 2006 at the same time Espada was the infield coordinator in the Marlins system. Espada would often stay at Hyde’s house in Florida, which is how he ended up meeting Pamela.

“He had a guest house at his property, and I used to stay at one of his guest houses and Pam used to drive down on the weekends from the University of Florida,” Joe Espada said. “Like over the weekend, she used to come down and visit her dad and her sister and that’s how she caught my eye.”

The Espada/Hyde family
Related
With Wagner on cusp, a look back on HOFers with Astros ties

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Espada, Lopez discuss 'no filter' friendship

October 11th, 2024

Espada vs. Hyde: 'It's great for the family'

June 22nd, 2024

Pamela said neither she nor her sisters -- the middle sister, Lauren, is married to a Phillies fan named Jason Zitter -- were baseball fans before they got married. The girls grew up in Wellington, Fla., in south Florida. Now, baseball is their lives.

“We joked after Lisa met Brandon that we didn’t realize how many extra men that there was in south Florida around Spring Training,” Pamela Espada said. “She met Brandon through another Marlins coach, who was local. And she had no clue about baseball.”

Hyde managed in the Marlins system from 2005-09 before serving as infield coordinator in 2010 and interim bench coach later in the 2010 season. He was on the Cubs staff from 2014-18 before the Orioles hired him to lead their rebuild prior to the 2019 season. Hyde won a ring with the Cubs in 2016.

Espada coach in the Marlins system from 2006-10 before becoming third-base coach for the Marlins from 2010-13. He joined the Yankees as a scout in 2014 and later was the third-base coach (2015-17) before replacing Alex Cora as Houston’s bench coach shortly after it won the World Series in 2017. Espada won a World Series last year.

“I’m really happy for him and his success here,” Hyde said. “He’s an amazing coach and we worked together for a long time in Florida. We’re very close and so I follow him closely and he follows me closely. He sends me texts after some games and I pull for him when he’s not playing us. I’m very happy for him.”

The Espada/Hyde family
Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

When the Orioles clinched a playoff berth on Sunday, no one was happier than his brother-in-law.

“He has worked really hard to get those guys to buy in, to change the culture, turn it into a winning culture,” Joe Espada said. “I’m proud of the work he’s done. … it’s a long season of ups and downs and we just try to pick each other up when we’ve got a chance to talk to one another.”

And if the stars align and the Orioles and Astros meet in October, the family text chain will be … off the chain.

“It’s going to be pretty split on who they want to win,” Joe Espada said. “I’m thinking this year there’s going to be more on the Baltimore side because it is the first time they’ve been in the postseason in a while. A lot of people are cheering on the Astros, still.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
Baltimore Orioles
Joe Espada
Brandon Hyde

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/joe-espada-brandon-hyde-ready-for-potential-october-test 
 ----- 
