MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Orioles manager Brandon Hyde, Astros coach Joe Espada’s bond goes past baseball
By Chandler Rome
Sep 20, 2023

31

HOUSTON — His team had struck out something like 18 or 19 times and, after the final one, Brandon Hyde couldn’t find his hitting coach. Other members of the 2006 Greensboro Grasshoppers gathered their belongings and boarded a bus bound for the team hotel in Augusta, Georgia.

Hyde’s wife, Lisa, accompanied him on the trip, so the newlyweds drove back on their own. On their way, on a traffic-filled highway, a figure appeared in full uniform.

“We’re driving along a busy area of Augusta — it’s not the greatest neighborhood in the world — there’s Joe in his uniform walking to the team hotel because he was so mad that he just wanted to go home,” Hyde said.

The Hydes pulled over and picked up Joe Espada, an excitable first-year coach enraged by a poor performance, a problem he sometimes shared with his boss. The 33-year-old skipper and his 32-year-old hitting coach considered every loss personal, every player’s slump something they needed to fix. That the Grasshoppers grinded their way to a 68-69 record only enhanced those instincts.

“We were both a little younger, a little more emotional at that time,” Hyde said this week. “We took losses really hard and we took individual player or team success or failures extremely hard. We kind of commiserated together.”

Commiseration catalyzed both of their careers. Espada and Hyde took different trajectories after that 2006 season, one where both encountered pitfalls common to coaches trying to find their footing in professional baseball.

Fate soon brought them back into each other’s lives, and into one family.

The brothers-in-law meet this week at Minute Maid Park, where Hyde, the Baltimore Orioles’ manager, has guided the American League’s best team against one of the sport’s more recent standard bearers. Once unsure if he would see Baltimore’s rebuild through, Hyde should walk away with American League Manager of the Year honors when votes are cast at the end of this month.

“We always put players in the forefront of our mission, and that’s exactly what Brandon does,” said Espada, Houston’s longtime bench coach. “His clubhouse is always loose. He’s very much aware of the importance of being patient, of keeping things loose. He understands that players are going to struggle, but if you continue to preach the right message, players will come around. He did it in Greensboro in ’06 and that’s still the same message.” 

	Brandon Hyde has presided over the Orioles through bad times and now good. (Scott Taetsch / USA TODAY)

Hyde had never managed in professional baseball before taking over the Florida Marlins’ Single-A affiliate in 2005. Espada concluded his nine-year playing career that same year. The two had never met before reporting to Marlins spring training in 2006.

Both men received promotions after one season in Greensboro: Hyde to Double-A manager and Espada to High-A hitting coach. Hyde lived in Jupiter, where Florida’s High-A team played, and rented one of his guesthouses to Espada for the season.

One afternoon, Espada looked toward the family’s pool and noticed a woman he wanted to meet — Lisa’s sister, Pam, who had arrived home from pharmacy school for the summer.

“I was timid in the beginning,” Espada said. “That night, there was a party at the house and we met that night. I asked her out and she said no when I asked for a first date.”

Persistence paid off. Pam and Joe married in 2009 and are now the parents of two daughters. Double dates with Brandon and Lisa are common, Joe said, and holidays create the sort of conversation one may expect.

“I’ve been on the winning end of things the last three or four years and he’s been on the losing end of things,” Espada said. “Now the Orioles are starting to turn things around. So now the conversation this offseason is going to be a little bit different.”

Hyde and Espada stay in touch throughout the season. The tenor of their conversations has changed as Baltimore’s ascension to prominence continues. Hyde lost 253 games across his first three seasons while the Orioles overhauled their entire organization under executive vice president and general manager Mike Elias.

Managers who begin rebuilds rarely see them through. Elias saw it firsthand in Houston, where the transition from Bo Porter to A.J. Hinch in 2015 coincided with the opening of the Astros’ contention window. This week, Elias credited Houston general manager Jeff Luhnow for allowing him to sit in or conduct “like 15” managerial interviews during his Astros tenure, preparing him for the process that netted Hyde.

“I saw during the Astros rebuild the ways that relationships can get fractured during the rebuild and I think it gave me some experience to draw on to help prevent that from happening,” Elias said. “I don’t think I would have been able to make as good of a hire nor preserve the sanity of everyone without having that deep experience with the Astros rebuild.”

 

View this post on Instagram

 

A post shared by Joe Espada (@josueespada)

Much of what made Hyde a good Greensboro manager is manifesting itself amid Baltimore’s pennant pursuit. His club is teeming with young talent succeeding despite their relative inexperience.

“From the get-go, I saw how good he was in connecting with players, communicating with his players and also the coaches, how he created a really good environment for high school kids, for college players, for top draft picks, for guys that were picked late in the draft,” Espada said. “He really included everyone. It was a really good atmosphere for A-ball and for kids who were just learning how to be professionals, learning their craft, helping them become better players. He really did a really good job bringing everything together.

“He always felt like he (was) the right guy for the job. And they always kind of made him feel like he’s the guy for the job. I don’t think Brandon ever wondered ‘Am I going to see that, like, the light at the end of the tunnel?’ No. He always felt like he was the right guy for the job. And I’m glad that things would turn around under his watch.”

Elias hired Hyde before the 2019 season. Espada spent that same winter as a managerial candidate himself. According to multiple reports at the time, both men interviewed for the Texas Rangers opening that later went to Chris Woodward.

“We were actually going for a lot of the same jobs. Even though we’re interviewing in some of the same places, we were talking through some of the processes and some of the organizations in the interviewing process,” Hyde said. “I think we’re both pulling for each other. At that time, he wasn’t in a hurry to get a manager job. I wasn’t either.”

Five years later, Espada’s search continues. His name has been linked to almost every managerial opening of the past four seasons, yet the ultimate goal still eludes him. Hyde acknowledged this week he is “surprised” Espada is not a manager.

“I think he’s a great leader and he could run a game, run a clubhouse really well. I’m surprised he hasn’t been hired,” Hyde said. “I have tried to be there for him when he needs to talk or ask questions. I hope I’ve been there.”

He has.

“He’s one of those guys in my life that kind of pushes me,” Espada said. “He’s one of those guys that’s always on my side and he’s always got something positive to say, which I’m always very appreciative of. He’s been really good for my career.”

(Top photo of Espada: Bob Levey / Getty Images)

Chandler Rome is a Staff Writer for The Athletic covering the Houston Astros. Before joining The Athletic, he covered the Astros for five years at the Houston Chronicle. He is a graduate of Louisiana State University. Follow Chandler on Twitter @Chandler_Rome

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4880600/2023/09/20/brandon-hyde-joe-espada-bond/ 
 ----- 
