Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Denver Broncos
Broncos' head coach Sean Payton blames Russell Wilson for team's collapse

Payton isn't happy with Wilson's performance

Denver Broncos quarterback, Russell Wilson, and his head coach, Sean Payton.LAPRESSE
LW
19/09/2023 - 22:24 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. QB Bryce Young's stature limiting Panthers' offensive playbook
NFL. Former Cardinals coach Kingsbury compares projected top draft pick Caleb Williams to Patrick Mahomes

Denver Broncos quarterback Russell Wilson has started the 2023 season strong, but his head coach, Sean Payton, remains unhappy. In their latest game against Washington, the Broncos squandered a 21-3 lead and lost. Payton was quick to place blame on Wilson, stating that his slow communication was a factor in the team's collapse. He even suggested that Wilson may soon be required to wear a wristband for play calls.

"Gosh," Payton said. "It was more than just one drive. There (were) a number of drives where we're late with personnel, getting out of the huddle we took a while. I mean, that's gotta change. We had to burn timeouts in the first half (and) I'm not used to doing (that). We've gotta be better. I've gotta be better. Russ has gotta be sharper with getting the play out, and then we've gotta look at how much we have in. But, you know, if we need to wristband it, we will."

Despite Wilson's impressive performance of three touchdowns in their latest game, the Broncos have yet to string together a win since his arrival. Payton's patience with Wilson may soon become an open question in Denver if their 0-2 start snowballs. The team signed Jarrett Stidham to a two-year, $10 million contract this offseason as a backup, and Payton has sounded like a man who wouldn't hesitate to bench Wilson if necessary.

It remains to be seen whether Payton will follow through with implementing a change in offensive communication. The Broncos' next matchup is against the 2-0 Miami Dolphins, who are coming off a prime-time win against the Patriots.

Broncos need to turn their season around
MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Bill Clint on sec...
Marca

Payton's start with the Broncos has been worse than his predecessor Hackett, who began 2-1 before losing 10 of his last 12 games. The pressure is on for Wilson and the Broncos to turn their season around. As Payton stated, "We've gotta be better." It's clear that he expects more from his quarterback and team as a whole. However, it's important to note that Wilson is still new to the team and may need time to adjust fully.

In the words of former NFL coach Tony Dungy, "Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting." It remains to be seen how patient Payton will be with Wilson and how he will handle any potential changes in offensive communication. Only time will tell if the Broncos can turn their season around and live up to expectations.

NFL - English
Denver Broncos - English
Russell Wilson - English
NFLRussell Wilson throws 50-yard TD pass at the buzzer, failed 2pt attempt dooms Broncos vs. Commanders
New York JetsAaron Rodgers claims listening to dolphins having sex could heal his injury
NFLMarshawn Lynch refuses to milk cows during Amish Country visit ahead of TNF
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Meghan Markle devastated by th...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai met extr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/denver-broncos/2023/09/20/650a65c722601dc6468b4598.html 
 ----- 
