Do you have an idea for The New Times to cover? Submit it here!
Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Subscribe Now
    
NEWS
OPINIONS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
VIDEOS
JOBS & TENDERS
EPAPER
EVENTS
 
SPORTS
PHOTOS: AFCON 2025 Qualifiers: Bizimana nets winner as Rwanda break Benin 12-year jinx
National team players celebrate the crucial victory after defeating Benin 2-1 at Amahoro Stadium on Tuesday, October 15. Photos by Emmanuel Dushimimana
 Edmund Okai Gyimah
Tuesday, October 15, 2024
Share

Star striker Innocent Nshuti and Djihad Bizimana scored in the space of two minutes as Rwanda came from behind to defeat Benin 2-1 at Amahoro Stadium on Tuesday, October 15.

The win not only brought Rwanda’s 12-year winless streak against the Cheetah to an end but it also kept their hopes of qualifying for the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations alive as they now trail two points at the top with two more game to play.

It also leaves a breath of fresh air for coach Frank Spittler who has been under intense pressure since losing 3-0 against the same side in Abidjan on October 11.

The German made two changes from the side that started against Benin last week as Samuel Gueulette and Emmanuel Imanishimwe came in for Kevin Muhire and Claude Niyomugabo respectively.

Gernot Rohr also handed a starting berth to Hassan Imourane and goal scorer Andreas Hountondji after benching them in the first leg.

Striker Innocent Nshuti wins the ball against Benin's player during the 2-1 match at Amahoro Stadium on Tuesday, October 15.

The first chance of the game fell to Amavubi in the first minute. Samuel Gueulette beautifully dummied his marker and laid a pass to Gilbert Mugisha who feebly fired the ball in goalkeeper Rachid Dandjinou’s hands.

Benin launched an attack in the third minute but Junior Olaitan’s drive inside the penalty box sailed over the bar to the relief of Amavubi bench and fans alike.

Spittler’s men had a free kick around Benin’s penalty box. Jojea Kwizera took it but Olivier Verdon cleared the danger before Emmanuel Imanishimwe fired a long range strike which was saved by Dandjinou.

Rwanda started to pin Benin to their own half with incessant pressure from the 16th minute but they lacked the needed bite upfront to trouble Dandjinou.

Star midfielder Bizimana saw his free kick at the edge of the penalty box hit the wall before Benin initiated a quick counter attack which Ombrorenga Fitina foiled in the 19th minute.

ALSO READ: AFCON Qualifiers: Rohr wary of Amavubi threat

Returning Imanishimwe was enjoying a good game from the left flank. The AER Limassol Cyprus left back pounced on a ball in midfield and decided to launch a solo run in the 25th minute but he was brought down by Mohammed Tijani and the resultant free kick was wasted.

Rwanda dominated the ball possession as Imanishimwe got involved in most of the attacks from the left.

Benin's goalkeeper in action trying to save his goalie during the match.

Goal scorer Innocent Nshuti celebrates his goal during the 2-1 match at Amahoro Stadium on Tuesday, October 15.

ALSO READ: AFCON 2025 Qualifiers: Improved Rwanda hold Super Eagles in Kigali

There was a tense action which left Hassan Imourane shown a yellow card in the 36th minute for hitting in Bizimana’s face before Clement Niyigena was also booked a minute later for a foul on Andreas Hountondji.

Despite leading the game’s ball possession, Rwanda conceded the opening goal after Bonheur Mugisha and Ombrorenga wasted the ball from the right. Junior Olaitan picked it and weaved his way into Fiacre Ntwari’s box before setting up a cross for Hountondji who finished off to give the visitors the lead in the 43rd minute.

The goal seemed to have silenced thousands inside Amahoro Stadium until the referee blew the whistle for the halftime break.

Spittler brought on Jean Bosco Ruboneka for Jojea Kwizera in the 46th minute as Amavubi sought for the equaliser.

Amavubi supporters during the game

Amavubi had a free kick in the 55th minute close to the Benin 18-yard box after Gilbert Mugisha was tripped but Samuel Gueulette's delivery was feebly connected by Imanishimwe whose shot missed the target.

Imanishimwe again proved to be Rwanda’s standout player on the pitch as Benin struggled to cope with his attacking prowess from the left flank while he was at the same time defending gallantly.

Gilbert Mugisha missed a glorious chance to pull the scores even in the 62nd minute as his connection from a precise cross from Omborenga missed the target by inches.

Players cheer on supporters after the game at Amahoro Stadium

Rwanda's pressure finally yielded dividends as they equalized in the 71st minute. A cross from Omborenga was headed by Imanishimwe into the path of Nshuti who made no mistake but to send the ball into the back of the net with a low drive to make it 1-1.

Amavubi left Benin no space to breath as they launched another dangerous attack which resulted into a penalty in the 74th minute after Bizimana was tripped inside the box. The Rwanda skipper went on the convert it well to make it 2-1, sparking a frenzied atmosphere inside the stadium.

Spittler’s men never stopped attacking even after leading the game. Imanishimwe made a timely tackle to strip Mounie off the ball in the 80th minute as Rwanda started a quick attack but it went to waste.

With seven minutes to fulltime, Spittler brought on Steve Rubanguka for Bizimana in a tactical substitution as he looked to add more steel as Rwanda continued to exert pressure on their opponents.

The home side killed the final minutes of the game as they took control of the ball and passed it around. In the 92nd minute, Samuel Gueulette picked up a knock and was replaced by Kevin Muhire as Rwanda held on to win the game 2-1, in a huge boost to their quest for the first AFCON qualification in 20 years.

Rwanda still sit third in Group D with 5 points, a point behind Benin who are second with 6 points. Nigeria still lead the standings with 7 points with a game in hand. Libya find themselves at the bottom with 1 point, having played a game less.

Amavubi players battle for the ball against Benin player.

National team goalkeeper Fiacre Ntwari

Winger Gilbert Mugisha tries to go past Benin defender during the match

Defender Ange Mutsinzi in action during the game

Rwanda players celebrate in the dressing room

SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEW TIMES E-PAPER
TAGS RWANDA AFCON 2025 QUALIFIERS DJIHAD BIZIMANA
Share    
MOST READ
TODAY
 
7 DAYS
 
30 DAYS
Rwanda, Steve Harvey ink tourism, investment deal
Africa’s airline industry forecast to generate $200m profit in 2025
Formula One drivers welcome Rwanda’s Grand Prix bid
Rwanda’s F1 Grand Prix bid is worth it —SA’s Robert Marawa
Candidates for AU top job present visions
Struggling to manage your finances during festive season? Here's what experts advise
 Send us your news tips and story ideas via Telegram
 Follow The New Times on Google News
RELATED STORIES
Bizimana vows to give 150 percent vs Nigeria
Monday, September 09, 2024
MORE STORIES
Maxime Wenssens starts trials at Dutch side Roda JC
Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Ademola Lookman wins CAF African Footballer of the Year
Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Kepler win race to sign Turatsinze
Monday, December 16, 2024
Kiyovu’s crisis deepens as ‘impatient’ Bipfubusa steps down
Monday, December 16, 2024
Do you have an idea for The New Times to cover? Submit it here!
 
    
About Us
Our Company
Policy
Terms And Conditions
History
Feed
 
Subscribe
Newsletter
Print
Jobs
 
Advertise
Online
Print
Jobs Tenders
Classifieds
 
Contact Us
Opinions
Letters to the Editors
NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE
VIDEO JOBS & TENDERS EPAPER PODCAST
© Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2022
X
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newtimes.co.rw/article/20952/sports/football/photos-afcon-2025-qualifiers-bizimana-nets-winner-as-rwanda-break-benin-12-year-jinx 
 ----- 
