Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Russia explosion
Wisconsin school shooting
Nuggets beat Kings
Patrick Mahomes update
Drones
SPORTS
Undav scores twice for Germany in Nations League and Hungary holds Dutch to draw
1 of 11 |  

German players celebrate after a goal during the Nations League soccer match between Bosnia and Germany in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Armin Durgut)

2 of 11 |  

A Hungary fan holds up his scarf on the stands during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

3 of 11 |  

Brennan Johnson of Wales celebrates after scoring the opening goal during the UEFA Nations League group 4 soccer match between Iceland and Wales in Reykjavik, Iceland, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Arni Torfason)

4 of 11 |  

Bosnia’s Armin Gigovic tackles Germany’s Maximilian Mittelstadt during the Nations League soccer match between Bosnia and Germany in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Armin Durgut)

5 of 11 |  

Hungary’s Roland Sallai gestures during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

6 of 11 |  

Hungary goalkeeper Denes Dibusz makes a save during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

7 of 11 |  

Bosnia’s Edin Dzeko receives the ball during the Nations League soccer match between Bosnia and Germany in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Armin Durgut)

8 of 11 |  

Germany’s Pascal Gross passes the ball during the Nations League soccer match between Bosnia and Germany in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Armin Durgut)

9 of 11 |  

Hungary’s Andras Schafer, left, tries to tackle Cody Gakpo of the Netherlands during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

10 of 11 |  

Tijjani Reijnders of the Netherlands attempts a shot at goal during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

11 of 11 |  

Stefan De Vrij of the Netherlands jumps for the ball with Hungary’s Bendeguz Bolla, right, during the Nations League soccer match between Hungary and the Netherlands at the Puskas Arena in Budapest, Friday, Oct. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Denes Erdos)

BY  SAMUEL PETREQUIN
Updated 12:01 AM UTC, October 12, 2024
Share

Germany’s rebuilding appears to be on the right track.

Denis Undav scored twice and the four-time World Cup winners extended their unbeaten record in the Nations League to three matches after a convincing 2-1 win at Bosnia-Herzegovina on Friday.

Reduced to 10 men, the Netherlands managed a 1-1 draw in Hungary.

Following the retirements of Manuel Neuer and Toni Kroos, Germany started a new cycle and their clean and fluid display against a spirited Bosnia side bodes well for the future.

The Germans top their group after also thrashing Hungary 5-0 and drawing in the Netherlands 2-2.

In the absence of several stalwarts, the Germans played with confidence, developed complex attacking moves and gave the impression of enjoying themselves. They had plenty of chances to score more and had a couple of goals disallowed for offside.

“I knew that Bosnia and Herzegovina are good defensively but you have to keep in mind that we had many chances,” said Germany coach Julian Nagelsmann. “That’s why Bosnia and Herzegovina stayed in the game.”

The only downside was the defensive lapse when Hungary’s Edin Dzeko pulled one back 20 minutes from time.

RELATED STORIES
Germany denied by last-chance penalty for Hungary in Nations League. Sweden's Gyökeres scores 4
Gyokeres leads Sweden to Nations League win and the Dutch reach the knockout rounds
Germany optimistic with 2026 World Cup on horizon after a much-improved year

The visitors took the lead in the 30th minute at the conclusion of a move that showcased Florian Wirtz’s cleverness. The unmarked midfielder collected a lofted pass in the box and, instead of trying his luck, cut an unexpected back pass to Undav, who calmly finished the move.

Undav, who marked his first start for Germany with a goal against the Netherlands, was clinical on Friday.

His Stuttgart clubmate Maximilian Mittelstädt was the provider six minutes later with an excellent cross, and Undav doubled Germany’s lead with a clean tap-in from close range.

Bosnia’s Ermedin Demirovic, another Stuttgart player, hit the woodwork in the 35th, but Dzeko scored in the 70th with a header from a corner, his 67th goal for the national team.

Hungary holds the Netherlands

The Dutch’s unbeaten run was almost stopped at Puskas Arena.

The Netherlands won all nine previous meetings with Hungary and enjoyed most of the possession in the first half. But it could not find an edge to get past the staunch Hungarian defense. Roland Sallai put the host in the driver’s seat in the 32nd with a close-range finish from Zsolt Nagy’s cross.

The Dutch looked set for a dreadful evening when defender Virgil van Dijk was sent off for a second yellow card but Denzel Dumfries earned a point for the visitors with a header from Cody Gakpo’s curled free kick in the 83rd.

“Even with 10 men, we tried to put pressure forward,” Netherlands coach Ronald Koeman said. “I did have the idea: we’re going to score. If you have a man less, you are relieved that you still (finish) 1-1.”

Germany opened a two-point lead over the Netherlands at the top of the A3 Group. Hungary was third ahead of Bosnia.

Ukraine downs Georgia 1-0

Georgia’s unbeaten record was ended by Ukraine in Group B1.

Georgia, the surprise of this year’s European Championship, won its first two games and remained at the top of the group despite the loss. Mykhailo Mudryk scored the winner for Ukraine, earning the war-torn country its first points in the tournament.

The Czech Republic won against Albania 2-0.

Other results

Iceland erased a two-goal deficit to draw with Wales 2-2. Brennan Johnson scored in a seventh consecutive game for club and country as the Tottenham winger put Wales ahead with the opener. Turkey defeated Montenegro 1-0 in the other Group B4 game. In League C, Estonia won against Azerbaijan 3-1 while Sweden drew at Slovakia 2-2.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

SAMUEL PETREQUIN
Petrequin has been covering sports and general news for The Associated Press for more than two decades.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Prosecutor seeks death penalty for 8 charged with kidnapping and killing an...
Learn More: Bipolar I Disorder
GoodRx
:
Advertisement
Former prison guard trainee is sentenced to death for killing 5 women at a Florida...
Supreme Court declines appeal from Peter Navarro; Trump White House aide to return after prison term
Judge denies ex-prosecutor's motion to halt her misconduct trial in Ahmaud Arbery investigation
Police in Ohio launch homicide investigation after bodies of 3...
Authorities in Ohio are investigating after the bodies of three women were found...
AP News
Texas man gets 100 years in prison for shootings that killed ...
A judge in Las Vegas has sentenced a Texas man to 100 years in prison for his...
AP News
Here's what a Water Filtration System Should Cost in North...
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Advertisement:
Learn More
Folks In South Carolin a Are Raving About This Knee Pain Meth...
RejuvaKnee | Pain-Free Knees
Advertisement:
Try Now
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Sharpen your chainsa w in 10 seconds witho ut removing the chain.
Libiyi
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
The Fall of Metformin in Japan Happ ened Because of This Secret (See...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Enjoy a Life with Low Blood Sugar Levels with This Japanese...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
15-year-old girl fatally shoots teacher and teenager at a Chri...
Police say a 15-year-old student opened fire inside a study hall at a small Christian...
AP News
NFL can't revise the onside kick fast enough for Dan Campbell:...
The NFL was already planning to explore the onside kick before Dan Campbell ma...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Discover Tailored Car Insurance for Over 70s Drivers
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lawyer for convicted British killer nurse Lucy Letby says ne...
A lawyer for convicted British killer nurse Lucy Letby says he plans to ask an appea...
AP News
Indiana man who killed brother, 3 others will be put to death in...
Indiana officials are set to carry out the state's first execution in 15 years on a ma...
AP News
7 Biologics for Ankylos ing Spondylitis
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Finally, play the best strategy game for free
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro:Advertisement
Read More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/nations-league-germany-netherlands-hungary-e67ea788dafcf278c83c277c52abb55c 
 ----- 
