About
About EC
Contact Us
Our Ambassadors
Our Contributors
Our Mission
Our Patrons
Support Us
Write for us
#GlobalGame
Teams
EC Profiles Homepage
Africa
Botswana
Cameroon
Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Malawi
Mali
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Sierra Leone
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Americas
Argentina
Bermuda
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Mexico
Peru
Uruguay
USA
Asia
Bhutan
China
Hong Kong
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Nepal
Oman
Qatar
Singapore
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
UAE
Uzbekistan
East Asia Pacific
Fiji
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
New Caledonia
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Vanuatu
Europe
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Guernsey
Hungary
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Jersey
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Scotland
Sweden
Switzerland
Live
Watch Live
EC Cricket Calendar
Podcast
Podcast stories
iTunes
Podbean / Direct Download
Spotify
News | Insight | Opinion
News
Insight
Opinion
Featured
Columns
By Hook or by Brooks
EC Rewind
Super Over
Events
ICC Events
Men’s T20 World Cup
Men’s World Cup Leagues
CWC Super League
CWC League 2
CWC Challenge League A
CWC Challenge League B
U19 World Cup
Women’s T20 World Cup
Women’s Qualifiers
World Cricket League Div. 2
Asia Cup
Everest Premier League
Euro T20 Slam
European Cricket League
GT20 Canada
Major League Cricket
Tajikistan T10
Vanuatu T10 Blast
Zambia T10 League
#ECVoice
Read #ECVoice
Write for us
NEWS
EC Roundup – 22nd December 2024 – Nepal shine at U19 Asia Cup
EC Roundup – 15th December 2024 – Americas Subregional goes to final day
EC Roundup – 8th December 2024 – From Hong Kong to Buenos Aires
Sudurpaschim Royals secures third consecutive win
Karnali Yaks bring up their first win in Nepal Premier League
ABOUT
TEAMS
LIVE
PODCAST
MORE
News
Malaysia and Kuwait advance to Asia/East Asia-Pacific final as rain brings heartache for Hong Kong

The rigours of Associate crickets proved unrelenting again as rain and net run rate threw a cat amongst the pigeons in Asia Sub-Regional action.

By Emerging Cricket -
12th September 2024
9th September 2024, World Cup Sub Regional Asia Qualifier, UKM-YSD Oval, Bangi, Selangor Darul Ehsan. Match between Hong Kong, China against Kuwait. (Photo by Vincent Phoon/ICC)

Malaysia and Kuwait have advanced to the regional final of T20 World Cup 2026 qualification after placing top of the table in a group that included Hong Kong, Singapore, Maldives, Myanmar and Mongolia.

The pair will move to a hybrid Asia/East Asia-Pacific regional final of nine teams, with three World Cup spots up for grabs.

Here is how the teams fared:

By Matt Thomason

1st: Malaysia

Hosts Malaysia once again proved that consistency winning head-to-head games is paramount in group play as they finished with a record of 5-1 from six games, allowing them to finish top of the table despite having the fourth-highest net run rate of the group.

Experienced campaigner Syed Aziz was the star, making 216 runs at a handy strike rate of 174. With the ball, Aziz was canny with his slower balls and cutters, taking 4/9 against Hong Kong, helping the side defend a miserly 124 in a crucial three-run win.

2nd: Kuwait

Kuwait were on the other end of the spectrum, hammering the lesser established nations in order to boost net run rate, showing their batting power smashing Mongolia by 160 runs and then Maldives by 142 runs. Batters Usman Patel, Clinto Anto and Ravija Sandaruwan all finished in the top-five run getters and all at a Strike rate of 160+.

While Kuwait’s batting prowess can not be understated the runs of the board were well complimented by Yasin Patel’s 15 wickets at an economy of 4.85, and Shiraz Khan’s eight wickets at an economy of 4.75.

3rd: Hong Kong

Hong Kong started strong with four wins on the trot to start the tournament, only dropping one close game to eventual winners Malaysia.

They will be cursing the weather gods after their final match showdown with Kuwait having ended in the only no result in the competition, with Hong Kong having the opposition 2/11 after four overs chasing 140.

Such is the nature of Associate cricket, net run rate and a few missed chances will see Hong Kong back to the wilderness for the next two years as they try find their best squad.

4th: Singapore

Singapore will be happy with their efforts, also finishing with four wins, including an upset over Kuwait, with Australian import Will Simpson scoring an impressive 46* to chase down 152 inside 19 overs.

Close games and moments will feel sore long after the sun sets, losing to tournament winners Malaysia by one run in a high scoring-contest. It’s a result the other way would have flipped the entire competition on its head.

5th: Maldives

Maldives continue to make strides in their cricketing journey but sit somewhere between struggling to compete with the more established nations and comfortably beating the likes of Mongolia and Myanmar.

They can be proud of their efforts managing to bat all of their 20 overs in each of their encounters with the stronger group members

6th: Myanmar

Myanmar also enjoyed time in the middle managing to bat out their overs in all but one encounter against Maldives.

One to watch for Emerging Cricket fans would be slow left-arm orthodox bowler Pyae Phyo Wai who finished the tournament with 7 wickets at an average of 11.85 and an economy below six.

7th: Myanmar

Mongolia’s early cricket struggles continued only managing to pass 50 once in the tournament and unfortunately claiming the dubious honour of shared lowest score in a T20I: 10 runs against Singapore in which Singapore Spinner Harsha Bharadwaj claimed the scarcely-believable figures of 6/3 off his four overs.

Mongolia keeps improving and these things tend to happen with teams that are working their way into international competition. After a recent seven-match tour to Japan the Mongolian Cricket Board can be proud of their efforts notching up 15 T20Is in the past 10 months.

You’re reading Emerging Cricket — brought to you by a passionate group of volunteers with a vision for cricket to be a truly global sport, and a mission to inspire passion to grow the game.

Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, please subscribe for regular updates, and follow EC on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube.

Don’t know where to start? Check out our features list, country profiles, and subscribe to our podcast. Support us from US$2 a month — and get exclusive benefits, by becoming an EC Patron.

TAGS
Hong Kong
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Mongolia
Myanmar
Singapore
Previous article
“Room for Improvement”: Ritu Kanoujiya’s Nepal assessment
Next article
Japan Cricket Association’s Alan Curr on Asian Games, Olympics and the combined Asia-EAP T20WC qualifiers
Emerging Cricket
Emerging Cricket is a collective of individuals brought together in their passion for the growth of the game outside its traditional centres – to provide news, insight and opinion on the sport beyond the mainstream, at the game’s frontiers; cricket’s new world.
   
RELATED ARTICLES
MORE FROM AUTHOR
EC Roundup – 15th December 2024 – Americas Subregional goes to final day
EC Roundup – 8th December 2024 – From Hong Kong to Buenos Aires
Sudurpaschim Royals secures third consecutive win
Karnali Yaks bring up their first win in Nepal Premier League
Perfect Day for T20 Fans at Nepal Premier League
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Please enter an answer in digits:

2 × 2 = 

Sign up for leading coverage of Associate cricket and beyond.
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT
AMBASSADORS
CONTRIBUTORS
CONTACT
PATRONS
SUPPORT US
WRITE FOR EC
#GLOBALGAME

© Emerging Cricket 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://emergingcricket.com/news/malaysia-and-kuwait-advance-to-asia-east-asia-pacific-final-as-rain-brings-heartache-for-hong-kong/ 
 ----- 
