Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Soccer
Reaction
John O’Shea: ‘I’m more than ready and capable to be a manager’
Interim Ireland boss refuses to take his hat out of the ring to become Stephen Kenny’s permanent successor
Expand
Republic of Ireland interim manager John O'Shea shouts instructions on the sideline during the international friendly against Switzerland at the Aviva Stadium. Photograph: Dan Sheridan/Inpho
Nathan Johns at the Aviva Stadium
Tue Mar 26 2024 - 22:48

John O’Shea says he is ready to become a full-time head coach after his last game as Ireland’s interim manager.

After presiding over a narrow defeat to Switzerland on Tuesday night, O’Shea was asked to confirm if he would be take his hat out of the ring to be named the permanent successor to Stephen Kenny.

He refused to do so.

“As I’ve mentioned before, it’s only given me a taste for more, whether that be with Ireland or with club football or wherever the case may be,” said the Waterford native.

READ MORE
‘I will not give up’: Pep Guardiola vows to push on as Manchester City fight for results
Mikel Arteta confirms Bukayo Saka to miss ‘more than two months’ for Arsenal
Photographs and memories: The Bosman of his day who wouldn’t be bought or sold
The year in sports quotes: The wit and wisdom - from Damien Duff to Daniel Wiffen, Kellie Harrington to Rory McIlroy

“This is an answer I was giving five, six years ago in terms of the chance to become a manager. That’s what I was planning to do in terms of having that process of learning, having assistant roles and then taking a managerial role.

“Look, it’s obviously something I’ve loved every minute of, I’ve been fully engrossed in it as I mentioned, it’s just annoying that we didn’t get a win in any of the two games.”

When pushed further, O’Shea stated his belief that he is ready to take on a permanent promotion having served as an assistant with both Ireland and Birmingham City in recent years.

“My instinct would be that I’m more than ready and capable to be a manager,” he said.

“I think that’s something that we will obviously discuss later on. But for me the full focus was on the two games, enjoy the moment in terms of learn from it and really understand it, learn about myself in terms of how I cope with the situation, with the games, and learn do I want it more.

“And look, the emphatic answer from me would be, yes. But where that is, let’s wait and see.”

Of the result, decided by a first-half free-kick from former Liverpool man Xherdan Shaqiri, O’Shea said that Switzerland were “much the better outfit” in the first 30 minutes of the contest, but that he was happy with the improved performance, particularly in the second half.

“What we spoke about at half-time and what we saw in the second half was really pleasing to see,” he said. “It was that attitude and commitment and quality to cause Switzerland problems which we wanted to see in that second half, we did that.

“The changes we made I was happy with in terms of their intensity and their attitude towards it, having that intent to cause Switzerland problems.”

Listen to our Inside Politics Podcast for the latest analysis and chat
Sign up for push alerts and have the best news, analysis and comment delivered directly to your phone
Find The Irish Times on WhatsApp and stay up to date
Nathan Johns

Nathan Johns is an Irish Times journalist

Opens in new window
Opens in new window
Republic of Ireland MNT
John O'Shea
IN THIS SECTION
‘I will not give up’: Pep Guardiola vows to push on as Manchester City fight for results
Mikel Arteta confirms Bukayo Saka to miss ‘more than two months’ for Arsenal
Photographs and memories: The Bosman of his day who wouldn’t be bought or sold
The year in sports quotes: 'I wish it was my wife leaving me and not Jurgen'
Premier League: Arsenal go second with win over Ipswich; Brighton lack finishing touch
MOST READ
Mother who fled home with children on Christmas Day gets protection order against husband
All 175 passengers, four flight crew confirmed dead in South Korea plane crash
Ireland’s ‘sick’ car insurance system: A scrape involving two drivers who know each other turns ‘nasty’
Film officials were warned ‘wholly inappropriate’ Joker sequel could cause ‘significant harm’ to children
The vet was understanding when I phoned to say that the cat I euthanised was not, in fact, our cat
LATEST STORIES
Richie Murphy praises Ulster defence after win over Connacht lifts them to URC top eight
We need to think again about what the ‘A’ in AI signifies
Job permits hit record amid surging demand for workers
South Korea plane crash: All 175 passengers, four flight crew confirmed dead after aircraft hits wall and catches fire
Josh Rock and Brendan Dolan bow out at World Darts Championship, Luke Littler overcomes slow start to progress
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
The Irish Times would like to send you push notifications.
Website notifications can be changed in browser notifications preferences.
Don't AllowAllow
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/soccer/2024/03/26/john-oshea-im-more-than-ready-and-capable-to-be-a-manager/ 
 ----- 
