SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT fall to Panama in Copa América group stage
Ari Liljenwall

Friday, Jun 28, 2024, 12:05 AM

The US men's national team couldn't overcome an early red card to Tim Weah as they fell 2-1 to Panama in their 2024 Copa América Group C matchup at Atlanta United's Mercedes-Benz Stadium on Thursday.

Folarin Balogun scored a 22nd-minute golazo for the US, but Panama capitalized on their man advantage with goals in the 26th and 83rd minutes to take a crucial result.

The US were dealt a devastating blow in the 18th minute when Weah was shown a straight red card on Video Review for violent conduct.

Playing down a man, the US struck for the opener in highlight-reel fashion just minutes after Weah's sending-off. It was a stupendous strike from Balogun, as the Monaco striker uncorked an unstoppable left-footed laser from the top of the penalty area that kissed off the post and settled into the net.

The lead would be short-lived, however, as Panama struck back just four minutes later. César Blackman found the equalizer with a well-taken finish that evaded diving US goalkeeper Matt Turner.

The US managed to keep it 1-1 until late in the second half, when the dam finally broke off a close-range finish from Panama's José Fajardo. There were fireworks late as Panama and Houston Dynamo FC midfielder Coco Carasquilla was sent off with a straight red card for a foul on US captain Christian Pulisic.

Goals
22' - USA - Folarin Balogun | WATCH
26' - PAN - César Blackman | WATCH
83' - PAN - José Fajardo | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: It's a devastating result for the US, largely caused by a massive self-inflicted error from Weah that left them down a man for the majority of the match. Ahead of their July 1 matchup with Uruguay, the pressure on the US has ratcheted up ten-fold as they find themselves in real danger of crashing out of the tournament before the knockout stage.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: The US started on the front foot until Weah's 18th-minute ejection, which changed the entire complexion of the match.

Tim Weah receives a red card after review for this contact 🟥 pic.twitter.com/phw8bSzdKR

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 27, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: If there was a standout performer for the US it was Balogun, who had an excellent all-around shift in the first half in addition to the golazo.

BALOGUN PUTS USA ON TOP 😱

10-PLAYER @USMNT TAKES THE LEAD pic.twitter.com/lwsnc5Vj7j

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 27, 2024
Next Up
USA: Monday, July 1 vs. Uruguay | 9 pm ET | Group C
PAN: Monday, July 1 vs. Bolivia | 9 pm ET | Group C
Ari Liljenwall -
@AriLiljenwall
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
COPA AMERICA
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-fall-to-panama-in-copa-america-group-stage 
 ----- 
