Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
South Korea plane crash
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
University of Miami
SPORTS
Ecuador beats Jamaica 3-1 for first Copa America win since 2016 as Reggae Boyz eliminated
1 of 13 |  

Ecuador players celebrate after an own goal from Jamaica’s Kasey Palmer during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

2 of 13 |  

Ecuador players celebrate after an own goal from Jamaica’s Kasey Palmer during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

3 of 13 |  

Ecuador’s William Pacho, front, and Felix Torres celebrate after their side’s second goal against Jamaica during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

4 of 13 |  

Jamaica’s goalkeeper Jahmali Waite fails to stop an own goal by Kasey Palmer for Ecuador’s first goal during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

5 of 13 |  

Ecuador players celebrate with fans after Kendry Paez scored their side’s second goal against Jamaica during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

6 of 13 |  

Ecuador’s Kendry Paez scores a penalty, his side’s second goal, against Jamaica during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

7 of 13 |  

The Ecuadorean team poses for a group photo prior to a Copa America Group B soccer match against Jamaica in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

8 of 13 |  

The Jamaican team poses for a group photo prior to a Copa America Group B soccer match against Ecuador in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

9 of 13 |  

Ecuador’s Alan Minda celebrates scoring his side’s third goal against Jamaica during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

10 of 13 |  

Ecuador’s Alan Minda slots the ball past Jamaica’s goalkeeper Jahmali Waite to score his side’s third goal during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

11 of 13 |  

Jamaica players protest a decision by referee Cristian Garay of Chile during a Copa America Group B soccer match against Ecuador in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

12 of 13 |  

Jamaica players appeal to referee Cristian Garay of Chile during a Copa America Group B soccer match against Ecuador in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

13 of 13 |  

Ecuador’s Moises Caicedo attempts to block a clearance by Jamaica’s goalkeeper Jahmali Waite during a Copa America Group B soccer match in Las Vegas, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/David Becker)

Updated 3:19 AM UTC, June 27, 2024
Share

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Seventeen-year-old Kendry Páez scored in first-half stoppage time, Alan Minda added another goal late in the second half and Ecuador beat winless Jamaica 3-1 on Wednesday night in the Copa America.

Ecuador, which rebounded from a 2-1 loss to Venezuela, won its first Copa America game since a 4-0 victory over Haiti in 2016, stopping an eight-game winless streak.

Jamaica became the first team eliminated from the 16-nation tournament when Venezuela beat Mexico 1-0 later Wednesday.

Kasey Palmer’s 13th-minute own goal put Ecuador ahead and Páez made it 2-0 with a penalty kick in the fourth minute of first-half stoppage time. Michail Antonio scored Jamaica’s first Copa America goal in the 54th, and Minda got the final goal in the first minute of second-half stoppage time.

Venezuala has six points and clinched a quarterfinal berth, while Mexico and Ecuador have three points each. Ecuador closes the Group B against Mexico at Glendale, Arizona, on Sunday, when Jamaica faces Venezuela.

Jamaica is 0-8 over three Copas, getting outscored 12-1.

Ecuador went ahead when Piero Hincapié centered the ball from near the corner flag and it deflected off a sliding defender Palmer and over backpedaling goalkeeper Jahmali Waite.

RELATED STORIES
Tim Weah back with the US after red card contributed to Copa America elimination, coaching change
Christian Pulisic leads US soccer over Jamaica in CONCACAF quarterfinal
Messi, Vinicius have frustrating nights as Argentina loses and Brazil draws in World Cup qualifying

Páez, the youngest player in the tournament at 17 years, 1 1/2 months, scored his second international goal after Chilean referee Cristián Garay called a hand ball on Reggae Boyz defender Greg Leigh following a video review.

Antonio scored after Palmer’s corner kick bounced to Ethan Pinnock. His shot hit the back of defender William Pacho, ricocheted off Hincapié and bounced toward Antonio. He swiveled, turned his torso and volleyed the ball in off goalkeeper Alexander Domínguez’s right post for Antonio’s fourth goal in 16 appearances.

Garay decided not to award a penalty kick after another video review in the 75th. Michael Hector toepoked the ball and it appeared to hit an arm and the head of Ecuador’s Alan Franco.

Minda broke in alone on White in a counterattack following a Jamaica corner kick and slotted a shot past Waite for is first goal in six appearances, fed by a Carlos Gruezo pass.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US military interventions...
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Lunar Lamp Brings Hope to New Homes
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Read More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
Finally, play the best strategy game for free
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Transform Your Home: Affordable Luxurious Swim Spas
'swim spa
Advertisement:
Learn More
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Needleless Gluco se Monitor: (Take A Look At Prices)
Smart Consumer Insider
Advertisement:
This Gift is a Conversa tion Starter [See Why]
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/jamaica-ecuador-copa-america-score-8c184e961bb6f21cadf62e5f941c40d5 
 ----- 
