Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
LIVE: Pelicans vs. 76ers Pregame Media Availability | WATCH >>
Pelicans' 4-game road trip, opening night win | Pelicans Podcast
Pelicans.com
October 25, 20241:07 PM CDT

On the latest New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Friday, Oct. 25, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell are joined by Pelicans team and sideline reporter Erin Summers to talk about the start of the Pels' 4-game road trip in Portland and their big opening night win against the Bulls.

Later, Erin talks about her debut as studio host on the Gulf Coast Sports and Entertainment Network.

LISTEN ABOVE OR CLICK HERE FOR FULL PODCAST >>

Zion Williamson's return, Dejounte Murray's recent play | Pelicans Podcast

On the latest New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell recap the Pelicans' game against the Minnesota Timberwolves. They'll break down Zion Williamson’s high-flying return to action plus the strong play of Dejounte Murray.

2d
articles
Recapping Pelicans' Weekend Wins, Look Ahead | Pelicans Podcast

On the latest New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Monday, Jan. 6, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell recap the Pelicans' pair of wins vs. the Washington Wizards over the weekend. Hear highlights and postgame recaps from head coach Willie Green and guard CJ McCollum. Later, Jim breaks down why the Pels have found the win column recently as he gives us his player of the week and player to watch for the upcoming games.

4d
articles
Wes Johnson on Yves Missi, Trey Murphy III, recent struggles | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Monday, Dec. 30, 2024, Pelicans.com's Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell welcome Gulf Coast Sports and Entertainment Network analyst Wes Johnson to talk about the growth of Yves Missi and Trey Murphy III and recent struggles.

11d
articles
Recap Pelicans vs. Nuggets overtime battle | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Monday, Dec. 23, 2024, Pelicans.com's Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell recap last night's overtime battle with the Denver Nuggets. Hear from head coach Willie Green, Yves Missi, Jordan Hawkins and Dejounte Murray on the team’s efforts at the Smoothie King Center. Later, Jim gives us his Pelicans Christmas wish list and puts a bow on the show with his player to watch and player of the week.

18d
articles
Pelicans Radio Roundtable breaks down five-game homestand | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Friday, Dec. 20, 2024, Pelicans.com's Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell are joined by Pelicans Radio color analyst John DeShazier and TV Studio Host/Reporter Erin Summers for a radio roundtable. They'll take an in-depth look at the Pelicans' upcoming five-game homestand, starting Saturday night against the New York Knicks.

21d
articles
Birmingham Squadron Head Coach TJ Saint, NBA Cup Final | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Wednesday, Dec. 18, 2024, Pelicans.com's Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell are joined by Birmingham Squadron head coach TJ Saint to discuss the importance of the G-League to the Pelicans and the NBA. Later, Jim and Gus discuss the Emirates NBA Cup Final and share what Commissioner Adam Silver had to say about the increase in three-point shooting in the game. Finally, it's Western Conference Wednesday, so Jim highlights a team to keep an eye on out West, along with a pair of teams whose stock is moving in different directions.

23d
articles
Pacers vs. Pelicans recap, look ahead at tough upcoming homestand | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Monday, Dec. 16, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer & Gus Kattengell recap Sunday's loss to the Indiana Pacers and go over what the Pelicans need to cleanup ahead of Thursday's game against the Houston Rockets. Later, Jim looks at the Pelicans' upcoming schedule and gives us a player to watch and a player of the week.

25d
articles
Andrew Lopez recaps Pelicans vs. Kings, talks NBA Cup | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Friday, Dec. 13, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Gus Kattengell is joined by Pelicans TV Sideline Reporter/Host Andrew Lopez. Hear from Pelicans head coach Willie Green and players as they recap their tough loss to the Sacramento Kings and why turnovers are a problem that needs to get corrected. Later, Andrew goes over the Emirates NBA Cup semifinals as Jim’s weekend showdown and provides us with a trending number as well.

28d
articles
Will Guillory talks Pelicans' path to improvement | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Wednesday, Dec. 11, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell are joined by The Athletic's Will Guillory to discuss the Pelicans' start to the season and their path to improvement. Later, Jim gives us his team to watch out for and what team’s stock is rising and falling on Western Conference Wednesday.

1mo
articles
Pelicans weekend recap, progress report after 25 games | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Monday, Dec. 9, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell recap this weekend's games against the Thunder and Spurs. Hear from head coach Willie Green and Pelicans players as Jim goes over three things that have gone right and wrong in the team’s first 25 games this season.

1mo
articles
Pelicans Radio roundtable recaps win vs. Phoenix Suns | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Friday, Dec. 6, 2024, we recap last night's late-game win against the Phoenix Suns. Hear what it sounded like on the Pelicans Radio Network as Todd Graffagnini and John DeShazier called the game and join Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell for a radio roundtable to discuss the end of the Pelicans' 9-game losing streak.

1mo
articles
Recap from Herb Jones' high school jersey retirement | Pelicans Podcast

On the New Orleans Pelicans Podcast for Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2024, Pelicans.com’s Jim Eichenhofer and Gus Kattengell recap Pelicans forward Herb Jones' high school jersey retirement at Hale County High School in Moundville, Alabama on Tuesday, Dec. 3, 2024. Listen to Herb’s acceptance speech and hear from Antwan Butler, his head coach at  Hale County high school, about Herb’s time with him and the impact he left. Later, Jim has his team to watch and player whose stock is going up and down on Western Conference Wednesday.

1mo
articles
Tags
podcast
Related Articles
Pelicans' 4-game road trip, opening night win | Pelicans Podcast
Gameday update: Pelicans at Trail Blazers (10/25/2024)
Injury Report: Zion Williamson returns, two Pelicans out for Trail Blazers game
How to Watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. New Orleans Pelicans: TV Channel, Live Stream, Radio, Start Time - Oct. 25, 2024
Pelicans 123, Bulls 111: Brandon Ingram 33 points | Postgame wrap
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/new-orleans-pelicans-podcast-10-25-2024 
 ----- 
