The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
MLB SPORTS
Juan Soto's tiebreaking homer in 10th lifts Yankees into World Series
The Yankees will try to win their 28th title against the Mets or Dodgers.
By  AP   Oct 20, 2024, 4:26am UTC

New York Yankees’ Juan Soto celebrates after hitting a three-run home run against the Cleveland Guardians during the 10th inning in Game 5 of the baseball AL Championship Series Saturday, Oct. 19, 2024, in Cleveland.

Jeff Roberson/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

CLEVELAND — Juan Soto hit a three-run homer with two outs in the 10th inning and the New York Yankees advanced to their 41st World Series — and first in 15 years — by beating the Cleveland Guardians 5-2 in Game 5 of the AL Championship Series on Saturday night.

Baseball’s biggest brand is going back to October’s main stage.

Soto, who was acquired in a seven-player trade with San Diego in December, moved the Bronx Bombers into position with one big swing. He also caught the final out of the game.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN MLB
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
White Sox sign left-hander Martín Pérez to one-year, $5 million deal
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
2024: The year that was historically bad for White Sox
LATEST STORIES
Bears head coach candidate tracker: Pete Carroll, Ben Johnson set to interview
Les Grobstein book co-author seeking stories from fans, listeners about late Chicago sports-radio icon
Bears interim head coach Thomas Brown to interview with Seahawks for offensive coordinator job
Meta rolls back hate speech rules as Zuckerberg cites 'recent elections' as a catalyst
After decades in prison and 8 years in court, Mark Maxson settles wrongful conviction suit for $8.75 million
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
NATION/WORLD
Meta eliminates fact-checking in latest bow to Trump
Replacing third-party fact-checking with user-written “community notes” similar to those on Trump backer Elon Musk’s social platform X is the latest example of a media company accommodating the incoming administration. It comes four years after Zuckerberg banned Trump from his platforms after the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol.
By AP  Jan 9, 2025, 4:47pm UTC
CRIME
Woman in custody after 2 stabbed in carjacking, crash in Garfield Ridge
A 41-year-old woman was walking to her Nissan Rogue on Thursday morning when a woman approached and stabbed her in the chest and bicep before taking her vehicle, Chicago police said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 9, 2025, 4:43pm UTC
WASHINGTON
Watch live: Jimmy Carter honored with Washington funeral before burial in his Georgia hometown
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter will be honored with the pageantry of a funeral in the nation’s capital and second service in his tiny Georgia hometown that launched a Depression-era farm boy to the world stage.
By AP  Jan 9, 2025, 3:14pm UTC
NEWS
Chicago Lawn fire sends 1 person to the hospital
The fire began about 4:30 a.m. in the 2900 block of West 63rd Street, Chicago Fire Department spokesperson Larry Langford said. One person was taken to Holy Cross Hospital with “very minor” injuries, officials said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 9, 2025, 2:54pm UTC
CUBS
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Hodge is building off an impressive rookie season.
By Maddie Lee  Jan 9, 2025, 1:00pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/mlb/2024/10/20/juan-sotos-tiebreaking-homer-in-10th-lifts-yankees-into-world-series 
 ----- 
