Flip through
today’s papers
AMNY Newsletter

Tackle the city, with our help.

Subscribe
News
More from amNY
New York Yankees
Yankees close out Royals in KC, clinch ALCS berth with 3-1 Game 4 win
by Max Edelman
Posted on October 11, 2024
Oct 10, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; New York Yankees outfielder Juan Soto (22) and outfielder Aaron Judge (99) celebrate a win over the Kansas City Royals during game four of the ALDS for the 2024 MLB Playoffs at Kauffman Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jay Biggerstaff-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our amNewYork email newsletter to get news, updates, and local insights delivered straight to your inbox!
Facebook
Twitter
Share

The Yankees are going back to the American League Championship Series. In Game 4
of the ALDS, New York defeated the Kansas City Royals 3-1, to take the series 3-games-to-1, and clinch their second ALCS appearance in the last three years.

Get amNY in your inbox!
News, events, culture and more — delivered to you.
SIGN UP

Once again, the Yankees are four wins away from returning to the World Series for the first time since 2009.

“But you get to this point, now we’ll be down to the final four.” Yankees manager Aaron
Boone said after the game. “Everyone is feeling pretty good about their teams. That’s the case for me.”

Gerrit Cole was the star of the show for the Yankees, tossing seven innings of one-run ball. He allowed only one run on six hits to go along with four strikeouts. After struggling in game
one, Cole was thrilled in his ability to rise to the occasion and help his team clinch a spot in the ALCS.

“It means a lot.” Cole said. “It was a big game. It was a fun game. It was a great battle.
Just a great battle. Fun to be part of.”

The losing pitcher for the Royals was Michael Wacha, who also got the start. Wacha allowed two runs on six hits. Luke Weaver recorded his third save of the playoffs.

The Yankees wasted no time getting on the scoreboard, as on the first pitch of the game, Gleyber Torres roped a double, which, two pitches later, was followed up by a Juan Soto RBI
single that gave the Yankees a 1-0 lead before they even recorded an out.

The score would remain 1-0 until the top of the fifth, when Torres drove in Anthony Volpe on a two on, two out single to double the Yankees lead. One inning later, the Yankees added another as the red hot Giancarlo Stanton drove a ball 117 miles per hour into center field, which scored Aaron Judge, and gave the Yankees a 3-0 lead.

After a double play in the bottom half of the sixth caused both benches to clear, cooler heads prevailed, and the Royals added their only run of the contest on a Vinnie Pasquantino double that scored Bobby Witt Jr. However, that was the only scoring of the ballgame, as the Yankees held on to win 3-1.

The ALCS will begin on Monday night with the Yankees taking on either the Detroit
Tigers or Cleveland Guardians.

For more on the Yankees, visit AMNY.com
Facebook
Twitter
Share
More in New York Yankees
Yankees trade rumors: Latest on Luis Arraez, Gavin Lux
Paul Goldschmidt hoping 2024 struggles do not follow him to Yankees
Roki Sasaki rumors: Mets, Yankees still in mix with decision roughly 2 weeks away
Juan Soto, Mets headline top New York sports stories to watch in 2025
THINGS TO DO IN NYC

 Post an Event

Tomorrow, all day
Works & Process Announces Underground Uptown Dance Festival January 9-13, 2025

The Guggenheim
Tomorrow, 10 am
Holiday Train Show

New York Botanical Garden
Jan. 12, 10 am
Character Breakfast

Joan & Alan Bernikow JCC
Jan. 25, noon
Brooklyn Family Ultimate Camp Fair & Activity Expo – Industry City

Industry City Building 5, 2A
Feb. 1, noon
New York Family Ultimate Camp Fair & Activity Expo- Upper West Side

Trevor Day School – Lower School
Feb. 2, noon
New York Family Ultimate Camp Fair & Activity Expo – Upper East Side

Allen-Stevenson School

View All Events…

JOBS IN NEW YORK
Add your job
SCHNEPS MEDIA
Telephone Sales
lave spa LLC.
Massage therapist
JoBella Hair Salon
COLORISTS/SALON MANGER/STYLISTS
View all jobs…
Home Pros

Find a pro

THINGS TO DO IN NYC
FULL CALENDAR
HOME PROS
FIND A PRO
More from around NYC
Bronx Times
Bronx County Chorus now recruiting for spring 2025
QNS
Travel back in time: Woodhaven Library marks 101 years with a look back at the town’s 190-year history
Brooklyn Paper
Affordable housing lottery opens for Logan Fountain apartments in East New York
Gay City News
What to do in queer NYC January 9-12
Contact Us
Jobs
Home Pros
Advertise
Newsletter
© amNY 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.amny.com/sports/yankees-royals-alds-g4-10-10-24/ 
 ----- 
