News
Hardik Pandya on comeback road: Woke up at 5 am every day, no one knows the sacrifices I made 
June 11, 2022 @ 12:34 PMby Abhishek Patil
Written by Abhishek Patil

India all-rounder Hardik Pandya on Saturday said the hard work that he put in during his time away from competitive action was rewarding and it’s the journey that was more satisfying that the recent success he has achieved. Hardik said he was aware that plenty was being spoken about him when he was out of action but he never bothered to answer his critics but focussed on working hard to make a strong comeback.

Hardik Pandya did not play competitive cricket after the T20 World Cup in 2021 until IPL 2022 as he was recovering from persistent back injuries. Questions were asked about his lengthy stint on the sidelines after he had not bowled in the IPL for Mumbai Indians in 2021 and 2020. Hardik bowled sporadically for India at the highest over the last 2 years.

However, the Baroda all-rounder made a strong comeback in IPL 2022, leading Gujarat Titans to the title in their maiden season in the T20 league. Hardik not only led from the front with the bat, scoring 484 runs but he also chipped in with the ball, alleviating concerns over his bowling form.

“A lot of things were said about me before I made a comeback. For me, it was never about giving them answers. I was proud of the process I followed, no one knows exactly what I went through during the six months off,” Hardik said.

“I got up at 5 am in the morning to make sure I trained and trained at 4 for the second time in a day to make sure I gave myself enough rest. I have slept for almost those 4 months at 9:30 pm. A lot of sacrifices were made but for me, it was the battle that I had before playing the IPL. It was satisfying to see the results.

“I knew that kind of hard work I did. In my life, I have always worked hard and not worried about the results. I have worked genuinely hard and honestly. That’s the reason I don’t get too excited when I do something special. It is not about that particular moment, it’s about the journey that kind of comes with it,” he added.

Hardik Pandya
‘Time for Tom Latham to Take over This Test Side’: Simon Doul
 
Injury rules Sri Lanka’s Kasun Rajitha and Matheesha Pathirana out of final T20I against Australia
You may also like
News
India Knocked Out Of Race To Qualify For World Test...
News
India surrender Border Gavaskar Trophy after 10 years...
News
Ryan Rickleton scores fastest double ton for South...
News
Saim Ayub in doubt for Champions Trophy, ruled out for...
News
‘I Have Not Retired, I Have Just Stepped Down...
News
Rohit Sharma ‘rested’ for Sydney Test...
About the author
Abhishek Patil
View all posts
Categories
Articles
570
Emagazine
1
Exclusive
847
Inside Story
280
Interview
10
News
8,974
Off The Field
2,481
Opinion
2,156
Photos
56
Player Of The Match
1
Player Of The Month
2
Rankings
131
Retirement Life
1
Speak The Heart
4
Twitter Updates
449
Uncategorized
315
Videos
1
Ads.

Advertisement







Sponsors
Latest Posts
India Knocked Out Of Race To Qualify For World Test...
India surrender Border Gavaskar Trophy after 10...
Ryan Rickleton scores fastest double ton for South...
Saim Ayub in doubt for Champions Trophy, ruled out...
‘I Have Not Retired, I Have Just Stepped Down...
Rohit Sharma ‘rested’ for Sydney Test...
Pakistan board worried due to incomplete renovation...
Coach Gambhir wants India batters to put team first...
Australia drop struggling Mitchell Marsh, Mitchell...
Kusal Perera blasts Sri Lanka’s fastest T20I...
Most Viewed
Sumathipala-Shammi Silva Associate Attempts 5.5...
Chandika Hathurusingha Charges a whopping 60,000 USD...
Chandika Hathurusingha short listed for West Indies...
SLC Finance Division Sealed Over Fraud
Angry With Coach Hathurasingha, Sri Lanka Selectors...
Hathurusingha Engages In Ugly Spat With Selector...
SLC Head Of Marketing Tenders Resignation, To Leave...
Sports Minister Asks SLC To Remove...
Three Sri Lanka U19 Players Found Drunk After Asia...
Angelo Mathews Ruled Out, Kaushal Silva-Milinda...
Latest Interviews
Interim Committee is not an option to run Cricket in Sri...
Charlie Austin a curse for Sri Lanka Cricket, need to be...
We’re Social
facebook
twitter
google-play
Subscribe Us
Subscribe to notifications

Copyright © 2020. Powered by Mr.HiTech.

About
Contact
Privacy Policy
DMCA
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketage.in/2022/06/11/hardik-pandya-on-comeback-road-woke-up-at-5-am-every-day-no-one-knows-the-sacrifices-i-made/ 
 ----- 
