Washout: Australia’s dream still alive as rain wreaks more World Cup havoc

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportCricketICC Men’s World Cup

This was published 2 years ago

Washout: Australia’s dream still alive as rain wreaks more World Cup havoc
By
Andrew Wu
October 28, 2022 — 9.22pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
17

View all comments

Australia and England arrived at the MCG with the distinct possibility one of their T20 World Cup campaigns would be over. Instead, both left with their dreams still alive.

The big wet claimed another cricket game on Friday night when the eagerly awaited clash between cricket’s oldest rivals was abandoned without a ball being bowled due to an unsafe outfield.

Play Video
Play video

2:06

What MCG washout means for Aussies

Nine's Mark Taylor and Callum Ferguson have unpacked what the MCG washout means for Australia's T20 World Cup campaign.

The losers are the bean counters of the International Cricket Council, with the 40,000 to 50,000 tickets sold to be fully refunded.

While a victory would have all but assured Aaron Finch’s men safe passage to the semi-finals, they can still be reasonably confident of progressing, though their fate is not entirely in their own hands.

Advertisement

Predicting results is fraught in a tournament with its share of upsets and wet weather but the bottom line is Australia must win both their remaining games - against the unfancied Ireland and Afghanistan - and by big margins to restore a run rate battered by the heavy loss to New Zealand.

But the hosts could still be bundled out if England defeat both New Zealand and Sri Lanka by sufficient margin to keep their net run rate above Australia’s.

Ground staff place covers over the wicket.
CREDIT:
AP

Sri Lanka are the jokers in the pack though they must beat both England and the Kiwis, along with Afghanistan to vault themselves to four wins.

The game was officially called off just before 9pm after another shower washed away any faint hope of getting the game underway.

Advertisement

“That’s as wet as I’ve ever seen it at this stadium,” the Melbourne-based Finch said after the game.

“It’s more about player safety. If you’re trying to run out there it will be real issue. Everyone was here to play, ready to go and a great turnout, it’s disappointing not to get on.”

Australia’s next game is against Ireland on Monday night in Brisbane, where the early forecast is for the chance of a thunderstorm in the evening.

The earlier game between Ireland and Afghanistan was also washed out without any play. The result was a bitter blow to the Irish, whose hopes had been buoyed after their shock win over England on Wednesday.

STANDINGS

1. New Zealand 1-0-1, +4.450 NRR, 3 points
2. England 1-1-1, +0.239 NRR, 3 points
3. Ireland 1-1-1, -1.169 NRR, 3 points
4. Australia 1-1-1, -1.555 NRR, 3 points
5. Sri Lanka 1-1, +0.450 NRR, 2 points
6. Afghanistan 0-1-2, -0.620 NRR, 2 points

The winner of Sri Lanka v New Zealand at the SCG will top the group with two matches remaining.


News, results and expert analysis from the weekend of sport sent every Monday. Sign up for our Sport newsletter.

Was this article easy to read and understand?
Save
Share
License this article
ICC Men’s World Cup
Australian cricket
England
Twenty20
Andrew Wu writes on cricket and AFL for The AgeConnect via Twitter or email.
17

View all comments

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Why Kohli’s cheap shot made Australia’s era-defining win even sweeter
Boland’s perfect 10 and Kohli’s final flop: Player ratings from the SCG
‘You can’t be that soft’: Konstas can shake off Gambhir sledge. He will get smarter too
Australia regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy to set up world final against South Africa
Border, Waugh, Ponting: How Smith’s shock exit cancelled SCG 10,000 celebration
Injured Bumrah no guarantee to bowl as McDonald calls out India for ‘intimidating’ Konstas
FROM OUR PARTNERS
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/washout-australia-s-dream-still-alive-as-rain-wreaks-more-world-cup-havoc-20221028-p5btx9.html 
 ----- 
