Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTS
Corey Seager stars with home run, stellar defense to give Texas Rangers a 2-1 World Series lead over Arizona Diamondbacks
Godofredo A. Vásquez/AP Texas Rangers’ Corey Seager rounds the bases after a two-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the third inning in Game 3 of the World Series on Oct. 30, 2023, in Phoenix.
By ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: October 31, 2023 at 3:16 AM CDT

Corey Seager launched a two-run homer and made a slick defensive play in the eighth inning to start a crucial double play, Max Scherzer combined with four relievers for a gem on the mound and the Texas Rangers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3-1 to take a 2-1 lead in the World Series on Monday night.

Texas overcame injuries to Scherzer and slugger Adolis García in improving to 9-0 on the road this postseason.

The 29-year-old Seager — in the second year of a $325 million contract — once again showed he was worth every penny on the game’s biggest stage.

The shortstop smoked a two-run homer into the right-field seats as part of a three-run third after Diamondbacks starter Brandon Pfaadt left a first-pitch changeup high in the zone. The ball left Seager’s bat at 114.5 mph, which was the hardest-hit Fall Classic homer in the Statcast era, dating back to 2015.

García cut down Christian Walker at the plate with a stellar throw from right field in the second, stifling some early Arizona momentum. García exited in the eighth after appearing to hurt his left side on a swing.

Scherzer threw three solid innings before leaving with back tightness, and Jon Gray, Josh Sborz, Aroldis Chapman and José Leclerc combined to keep Arizona’s offense quiet most of the evening.

Game 4 in the best-of-seven Series is Tuesday at Chase Field.

The D-backs rallied in the eighth when pinch-hitter Emmanuel Rivera led off with a double against Chapman. Geraldo Perdomo followed with an RBI single, making it 3-1. But then Chapman worked out of the jam — striking out Corbin Carroll before Seager started a clutch double play, sliding on his knees to field a hot smash from Ketel Marte before flipping to Marcus Semien at second, who threw to first.

After García threw out Walker, the Rangers used a three-run third to take the early advantage. Semien’s two-out single into left center made it 1-0 and then Seager smashed his no-doubt homer deep into the right-field seats. It was Semien’s first RBI in 10 games.

Texas is 9-0 this postseason when scoring first.

It was Seager’s fifth homer this postseason. The shortstop also was one of the heroes of Game 1 in this Fall Classic, belting a tying homer in the ninth that helped rally the Rangers to a 6-5 victory in 11 innings on García’s homer.

The 25-year-old Pfaadt had been a revelation in the postseason with a 2.70 ERA through four October starts, despite a 5.72 ERA during the regular season. He wasn’t quite as good on Monday — giving up three runs on four hits and two walks over 5 1/3 innings, striking out four.

The two teams combined for no errors over the first two games of the series and the Rangers produced more defensive highlights that helped them take control of Game 3.

Walker led off the second with a double and Tommy Pham followed with a single, but Walker was thrown out at home. D-backs third-base coach Tony Perezchica put up a stop sign, but Walker either didn’t see it or didn’t care, never hesitating as he rounded third.

Garcia — a Gold Glove finalist who has one of the best arms in the big leagues — threw a 94.6 mph rocket to the plate to easily cut down Walker.

Two batters later, Alek Thomas hit a bouncer that deflected off Scherzer’s right elbow toward the third-base line. Josh Jung was there to barehand the grounder and fling a strong throw across the diamond to beat the speedy Thomas.

Scherzer gave up no runs on two hits and two walks while striking out one.

Young and clean(up)

Texas’ Evan Carter became the fourth-youngest player to hit cleanup in a World Series game at 21 years, 62 days. The rookie hit third in the first two games, but manager Bruce Bochy said he flipped Carter and García in the lineup on Monday to break up the left-handed bats.

The three youngest were Miguel Cabrera (2003), Ty Cobb (1907) and Juan Soto (2019), who were all 20.

Been a while

This was the first World Series game played at Chase Field since Nov. 4, 2001, when the Diamondbacks beat the Yankees 3-2 in Game 7 after Luis Gonzalez’s walk-off hit against Mariano Rivera clinched the series.

The D-backs lost Monday for the first time in the World Series at Chase Field. They were 4-0 at home during the 2001 series, which is the only other time they’ve been to the sport’s biggest showcase.

Big swing

There have been 62 previous instances in World Series history when the series was tied at 1-1 after Game 2.

The Game 3 winner went on to win 41 of 62 of those Fall Classics.

Up next

The Diamondbacks will piece together Game 4 on the mound with multiple relievers. Manager Torey Lovullo showed his Southern California roots by mentioning a former Los Angeles Dodgers star when asked about his team’s pitching plans.

“Don Drysdale is not going to fall out of the sky,” Lovullo said. “It’s definitely going to be somebody in our bullpen that’s going to start the day tomorrow.”

Drysdale teamed with fellow Hall of Famer Sandy Koufax in the pitching rotation to help the Dodgers win the World Series in 1959, 1963 and 1965.

The Rangers also aren’t sure about their pitching plans for Tuesday. Bochy said before Monday’s game that right-hander Jon Gray was an option, but he threw in relief after Scherzer came out of the game.

Originally Published: October 30, 2023 at 11:13 PM CDT
Around the Web
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Council Bluffs: Gorgeous New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Baffled!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Discover Now)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Council Bluffs!
Oil Change
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myeloma I Search Ads
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Ahead of CTA fiscal cliff, Mayor Brandon Johnson warns Springfield not to hold Chicago hostage for ‘political gain’
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Elgin to pay $2.5 million to get rid of tent city along the Fox River
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Two days after chipping a tooth, Kennedy Johnson helps Lincoln-Way East stun Homewood-Flossmoor. ‘Had to go crazy.’
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposition to gay rights, dies at 84
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Illinois teen faces probation in Griffith rape case
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Ohio State beats Texas 28-14 in the Cotton Bowl and will play Notre Dame for the CFP national championship
Maximizing Caleb Williams’ Year 2 growth is a ‘huge factor’ in the Chicago Bears coaching search
3 takeaways from the Chicago Blackhawks’ 5-3 loss in Detroit: ‘You can talk all you want but you’ve got to show up’
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
October
30
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/10/30/corey-seager-stars-with-home-run-stellar-defense-to-give-texas-rangers-a-2-1-world-series-lead-over-arizona-diamondbacks/ 
 ----- 
