Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Manchester United
Man Utd Transfers: Talks Begin To Bring In FOUR Elite Stars After Zirkzee As £45m Midfielder Says 'yes' To Ratcliffe
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Man Utd in talks to sign FOUR elite stars after Zirkzee as £45m midfielder says ‘yes’ to Ratcliffe
James Marshment
13 Jul 2024 7:53 AM

Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Manuel Ugarte is a target for Manchester United

Manchester United chief Sir Jim Ratcliffe is ready to spark a transfer revolution at Old Trafford with four players in talks to sign for the club alongside Joshua Zirkzee – and with Fabrizio Romano revealing one £45m midfielder target has already greenlighted a move to the club.

The Red Devils are expected to undergo major changes this summer with British billionare Ratcliffe at the wheel. After spending the first few months of his reign assembling an all-star cast behind the scenes, which was topped off by the arrival of Dan Ashworth as sporting director, work is now beginning on strengthening the Manchester United squad.

'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
'He almost got cheered off' | Neville...
Carra to Isak: If I had £150m, I would...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
Neville: Anfield the worst place to go...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
What is your team's manager looking for...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
<
>

Having won the FA Cup, the signs are there that United have the ability to win things under manager Erik ten Hag. And while widespread squad adjustments are needed after they finished an unacceptable eighth in the Premier League last season, it is not expected to be long before the first of those new arrivals comes through the door.

DON’T MISS ➡️ Former Man Utd coach ‘surprised’ by summer signing No 1, with ‘expected’ move missed

Indeed, TEAMtalk understands that the formalities of Zirkzee’s £34m move to the club from Bologna could be wrapped up before the weekend is out. The Netherlands striker has been in Manchester to undergo a medical and discuss personal terms with the club after emerging as their top target to provide cover and competition for Rasmus Hojlund.

Zirkzee is expected to sign a four-year deal with the option of a fifth year and on a package worth around £100,000 a week after the Red Devils beat off competition from AC Milan to sign the 23-year-old.

It is understood the striker has requested the No 9 shirt recently vacated by the man he will effectively replace, Anthony Martial.

Man Utd transfer explosion begins with four more in talks

With only the formalities left before Zirkzee signs, United have now been able to step up the chase for four other prospective signings, with a new central defender very much top of their agenda next.

While Jonny Evans has agreed to stay on another one-year deal, doubts surround both Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof and it would be no surprise were either to depart this summer.

And with Raphael Varane having already departed, United hope to make at least one, and hopefully two, new centre-half additions.

Of the pair, it is Matthijs De Ligt, who looks closest to signing having already agreed to reducing his financial package to quit Bayern Munich for United.

However, as David Ornstein revealed on Thursday, talks over the transfer of the Dutch defender are not quite as far along as initially reported.

READ NEXT ➡️ Man Utd told to forget ‘imminent’ De Ligt transfer as Ornstein reveals big twist in Branthwaite, Everton future

Ad

Nonetheless, there is a confidence from within Old Trafford that a move for the 24-year-old will get done with all parties pushing to make it happen.

In addition to the Dutchman, part of the Netherlands squad at Euro 2024, United are also continuing negotiations over both Leny Yoro and Jarrad Branthwaite amid a hope that one or the other could yet join De Ligt as part of a new central defensive axis.

Deals for both though look complicated.

While Branthwaite is willing to make the move, agreeing a fee with Everton looks tricky after the Toffees rejected the club’s second proposal which topped £50m (£45m plus £5m in add-ons).

United could yet make a third and final bid, though it appears unlikely they will go as high as the Merseysiders’ minimum £70m demand.

Man Utd transfers: Romano reveals £45m midfielder wants move

Yoro, meanwhile, has made clear his preference to hold out on a move to Real Madrid, despite United striking a €45m (£37.9m) agreement with Lille over a fee.

Content continues below

Ad

But with Los Blancos unwilling to go that high, and with the Ligue 1 side not yet willing to compromise or lower on their asking price, the teenager’s future may take some time to resolve if things stay as they are.

Thankfully United do have hopes that another France-based target, this time PSG midfielder Manuel Ugarte, will be a little easier to finalise.

He is due to return to Europe in by the end of the month once he takes a short break and after the conclusion of Uruguay’s Copa America duties.

IN PROFILE ➡️ Who is Manuel Ugarte? Man Utd’s potential Casemiro replacement

Ugarte only signed for PSG last summer but has been deemed surplus to requirements and the player has already made it clear he is keen to move to Old Trafford next.

Providing an update on the saga, Fabrizio Romano told Givemesport that a move for the midfielder is starting to progress and that Ugarte is willing to say ‘yes’ to Ratcliffe.

“Yeah, Ugarte, at the moment, is probably the easiest name between the ones you mentioned, because Ugarte could be available in the summer transfer window as, for Paris Saint-Germain, he is not a crucial player,” Romano began.

Content continues below

Ad

“He didn’t have an easy second part of the season at PSG, Luis Enrique was not using him so much so the idea of Manuel Ugarte trying a different experience, if he has the possibility to go to Premier League, he’s keen on that possibility.

“He’s keen on Manchester United and even without Champions League football for Ugarte, it’s something that he would be happy to do.”

Which of these centre-backs would be the best for Man Utd to sign?
Jarrad Branthwaite
Gleison Bremer
Antonio Silva
Jean-Clair Todibo

Manchester United
Sir Jim Ratcliffe
Joshua Zirkzee
Manuel Ugarte
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
James Marshment
23 hours ago
Amorim greenlights huge Man Utd sale with star’s head turned and Ratcliffe writing off enormous fee

United are increasingly confident they will cut ties with Casemiro in January with Ratcliffe sanctioning a significant loss on the star, who will now choose between two destinations

Manchester United
Casemiro
Ciaran McCarthy
01 Jan 2025
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return

"He'll be able to look at him and say, 'Good morning manager,' but he will not have respect for him deep down."

Manchester United
Joshua Zirkzee
Fraser Gillan
31 Dec 2024
Sir Jim Ratcliffe furious at Man Utd wage bill with two big earners up for sale

Man Utd do NOT have the funds to make any major moves in January and are desperately trying to get rid of some high earners

Manchester United
Marcus Rashford
Rudy Galetti
31 Dec 2024
Tearful Zirkzee in abrupt U-turn on Man Utd future after Newcastle debacle as surprise suitor opens door to loan

We can reveal the tearful player has instructed his agent to secure him a January move away in the wake of his early substitution against Newcastle, with three destinations possible and with his 'mental serenity' at stake

Manchester United
Joshua Zirkzee
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
19 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
20 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
5 hours ago
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/man-utd-in-talks-sign-four-elite-stars-after-zirkzee-45m-midfielder-says-yes-to-ratcliffe 
 ----- 
