Menu
Search for
 Home/African Football/Benin Republic bounce back from defeat to Nigeria with 2-1 win over Libya
African Football
Benin Republic bounce back from defeat to Nigeria with 2-1 win over Libya
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
September 11, 2024
0 11 1 minute read

The Cheetahs of Benin Republic secured a crucial 2-1 victory over Libya in their second AFCON 2025 Group D qualifier on Tuesday, September 10, 2024. This win marked a strong response to their earlier defeat to Nigeria in their opening group game.

Libya started brightly and took the lead in the 9th minute when Faisal Mansour Ali Saleh Al Badri converted a penalty. The early setback put pressure on Benin, and despite some tactical adjustments from head coach Gernot Rohr, the home side struggled to break down Libya’s defense in the first half. Libya took a 1-0 lead into the break.

In the second half, Benin Republic came out with a more aggressive approach. Their persistence paid off in the 50th minute when Steve Mouine equalized, assisted by Junior Olaitan.

Just 12 minutes later, Olaitan, who had been a standout performer, converted a penalty to give Benin Republic the lead. The Cheetahs managed to withstand late pressure from Libya and held on for a much-needed win.

This victory helped Benin Republic recover from their 1-0 loss to Nigeria and move into second place in Group D. Libya, with a draw and a loss, now sit at the bottom of the group. They will face Nigeria in a home-and-away series in the next international break, which will be a crucial test for both teams

 Tags
2025 AFCON Qualifiers
Benin Republic vs Libya
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
NPFL Week 19 Preview and Predictions as Season hits halfway mark
12 hours ago
Kai Havertz’s goal helps Arsenal secure hard-fought win over Ipswich
13 hours ago
Galatasaray Plans Surprise Move for World Cup Winner to Partner Osimhen
14 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
NPFL Week 19 Preview and Predictions as Season hits halfway mark
12 hours ago
Kai Havertz’s goal helps Arsenal secure hard-fought win over Ipswich
13 hours ago
Galatasaray Plans Surprise Move for World Cup Winner to Partner Osimhen
14 hours ago
Vinícius Should Have Won – Cristiano Ronaldo Criticises Rodri’s Ballon d’Or Victory
15 hours ago
Rooney faces mounting pressure as Plymouth crumbles
24 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/benin-republic-bounce-back-from-defeat-to-nigeria-with-2-1-win-over-libya/ 
 ----- 
