NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Cavs aren’t throwing confetti at 8-0, but confident start could lead to something special
By Jason Lloyd
Nov 5, 2024

57

CLEVELAND — The last time the Cleveland Cavaliers started a season like this, Campy Russell was their leading scorer, the Milwaukee Bucks played in the Western Conference and the 3-point line didn’t exist. 

Neither did Cavs team president Koby Altman. 

It’s been 48 years since the Cavs were 8-0. They’ve done it with blowouts. They’ve won thrillers. They’ve won by leading the entire night and they’ve won by coming back from deficits. 

They’ve won at home and on the road. They’ve won with 3-pointers. They’ve won with defense. They’ve won with three different players leading them in scoring on various nights. 

Most importantly, they just keep winning. 

“There’s a quiet confidence about this team,” Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson said. “There’s a humility but they know they’re good. … It’s almost like they know they have to take the next step. It’s there. It’s present.”

It seems to be happening. 

Eight games hardly make a season, which is why Donovan Mitchell didn’t really want to talk much about tying team history and Atkinson made it seem as if he didn’t even know about it. This team has much greater aspirations than just a fast start in October and November, but it has to start somewhere. It has chosen to start at the top. 

The Cavs and the Oklahoma City Thunder are the two best teams in the league right now. Raise one high for the small markets. 

GO DEEPER

Hollinger's Week That Was: Bucks, Sixers questions; Moses Moody's incentive details; more

The last franchise to start an NBA season 8-0 was the same Milwaukee Bucks team the Cavs beat Monday night, 116-114. Before them? The 2015-16 Golden State Warriors started 24-0, which remains the best start in league history. Neither of those teams won championships. 

Milwaukee began 9-0 two years ago before it was stunned in the first round of the playoffs by the Miami Heat. We all know what happened to the 73-win Warriors in 2016, and even that 1976-77 Cavs team that started 8-0 only finished with 43 wins and was bounced in the first round. 

It’s easy to see why no one in the Cavs locker room is ready to throw confetti over eight games, but it’s equally easy to see why this could be the start of something unique and special. 

Evan Mobley continues to do everything on the court we believed he was capable of but never consistently showed. His block, full-court dribble and thunderous dunk early in the second quarter were legitimate superstar stuff. 

The Pulse Newsletter

Free, daily sports updates direct to your inbox.

Sign Up

Darius Garland again resembles the All-Star he once was. He scored at least 30 points four times all of last season; he has already done it twice in the first eight games this year. His 39 points Monday while matching Damian Lillard shot for shot was his best scoring night in nearly two years. 

The Cavs have insisted for years that Garland can thrive in an off-ball role. They resisted the thought of breaking up Garland and Mitchell, telling teams who called after Garland’s miserable season last year that he wasn’t available. Their patience is being rewarded thus far. The Cavs are moving more on offense than they have in years and Garland is a big part of it.

Atkinson, though, was equally impressed with Garland’s 18 assists and two turnovers in a 72-hour span against the Bucks. Yes, the Bucks were without Giannis Antetokounmpo, but the Cavs were playing their eighth game in 13 nights.

If Browns owner Jimmy Haslam showed up at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse hoping the Bucks would take his mind off his football team’s troubles, he left disappointed once again. Both Haslam’s Bucks and Browns are a mess right now. 

There is plenty of time for the Bucks to turn this around, but a team with championship aspirations and one of the highest payrolls in the league — where have we heard that before about a Haslam-owned team? — is 1-6 to start the season. Haslam watched the first half of Monday’s game from the baseline. I didn’t see him during the second half. 

Since 1970, 150 NBA teams have started 1-6 or worse. Only 12 reached the playoffs. The Bucks have championship DNA but certainly aren’t playing like it. Getting Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton back will certainly help and it’s far too early to consider them dead. Nevertheless, it could be the Cavs and the Boston Celtics competing for the top seed in the East all winter and spring. 

The Cavs are in a unique position where they can play carefree and for each other. One of the hidden benefits to Altman locking up essentially the entire roster over the summer is the financial stress it removed from nearly every player. 

GO DEEPER

Giannis? Draymond? Cavs have big ideas for Evan Mobley's present and future

Contract pressure is a thing in the NBA, as are guys chasing numbers to get their next deal. That doesn’t really exist here. The only two players in the rotation right now who aren’t signed at least for next season are Caris LeVert and Sam Merrill. 

Garland, Mitchell, Mobley, Jarrett Allen, Max Strus and Isaac Okoro each have at least three years remaining on their deals, which is an eternity in the NBA.

Mitchell has already acknowledged how signing his extension relieved the burden and all of the questions about his future. It’s easy to see how others would feel similarly. 

It has led to a locker room full of laughter and smiles. The new coach and the old players have blended beautifully, creating a quiet confidence of a rising power that is quickly discovering they belong. 

(Photo of Darius Garland celebrating with Isaac Okoro (35): Ken Blaze / Imagn Images)

Jason Lloyd is a senior columnist for The Athletic, focusing on the Browns, Cavs and Guardians. Follow Jason on Twitter @ByJasonLloyd

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5899602/2024/11/05/cavaliers-bucks-best-start-cleveland/ 
 ----- 
