Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
CJ McCollum #3 of the New Orleans Pelicans drives to the basket vs. Washington.
Pelicans 132, Wizards 120: CJ McCollum 50 points | Postgame wrap
Pelicans (6-29), Wizards (6-26); New Orleans in D.C. on Sunday
Jim Eichenhofer
January 3, 20259:30 PM CST

On “90s Night” in the Smoothie King Center, the New Orleans player who likely remembers the most of that decade put on a dazzling individual display, leading the Pelicans to a win behind his best offensive outing of the season. Born in 1991 and his club’s oldest roster member, guard CJ McCollum lit up the Blender scoreboard like old-school shooters Reggie Miller, Glen Rice and Dennis Scott, draining 10 three-pointers, one shy of his New Orleans franchise record. McCollum rang up 50 points, becoming just the third different Pelicans player to reach the half-century mark in the 23 seasons of Crescent City basketball.
“CJ was incredible tonight,” head coach Willie Green said. “Some of the shots he was hitting, he hit tough ones, he hit easy ones. We just wanted to continue getting the ball to him. He’s such a high-character individual. Every day he comes in, he’s talking to his teammates. Even through the losses, he’s been rock-solid for us.”

Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Highlights: CJ McCollum with 50 Points vs. Washington Wizards 1/3/24
8d
news
00:04:00

THREE POINTS

McHistory.
McCollum, the team’s most experienced pro, has been on an offensive tear lately, including scoring at least 30 points in three straight home games. He took his deep-shooting prowess to the next level Friday, tying the third-most points ever by a New Orleans player in team annals. Anthony Davis has the franchise mark with 59 points (along with other games of 53 and 50), while Jamal Mashburn delivered a 50-point game not long after the club’s arrival in Louisiana in 2002. McCollum momentarily appeared to have tied his own New Orleans record for made three-pointers in a game (11), but a replay review changed a fourth-quarter basket to a two-point hoop.
Rookie of the Month battle.
In a matchup of centers who were honored by the NBA this week in separate conferences, New Orleans’ Yves Missi notched a double-double with 12 points and 11 rebounds, while Washington’s Alex Sarr posted 19 points, seven rebounds and five assists. Missi nearly had his 10 and 10 by halftime, keeping the Pelicans within a couple possessions (down 68-62 at the break).
Big numbers.
It wasn’t just McCollum who was generating explosive digits on the scoreboard. In one of the highest-scoring games of the season, Green told his players that “the first team that gets three straight stops is going to win,” meaning that even minimal defensive resistance would be a major momentum-changer. After both teams tallied at least 29 points in each of the first three quarters, Washington was limited to just 23 in the fourth period, helping New Orleans finally create some breathing room and a 17-point lead.

Photos: Pelicans vs. Wizards | Locker Room, Postgame Reactions 1/3/25

Check out postgame reactions and locker room photos after the Pelicans' win against the Washington Wizards on Friday, Jan. 3 during the 2024-25 NBA season.

8d
game action gallery
Willie Green postgame locker room speech after win vs. Washington Wizards

New Orleans Pelicans head coach Willie Green speaks to the team in the locker room postgame after their win against the Washington Wizards on Friday, Jan. 3, 2025.

8d
news
00:00:48
Highlights: CJ McCollum drains 10 triples in win | Pelicans vs. Wizards 1/5/25

New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum drained 10 three-pointers on his way to tying a career-high with 50 points in the team's win against the Washington Wizards on January 3, 2025

8d
news
00:02:13

BY THE NUMBERS

3: Players in NBA history to score 50 points and make 10 three-pointers in less than 35 minutes of action. That exclusive list now includes McCollum and Golden State's "Splash Brothers."
59.5: Washington shooting percentage from the field in the first half, far too high of a rate to allow by the New Orleans defense. The Wizards finished at 53.6, but were damaged greatly by 21 turnovers. The Pelicans only committed eight. It probably wasn't a coincidence that backup point guard Jose Alvarado's return to game action was a low-turnover night for the hosts. Alvarado had three assists and zero turnovers.
18/41: Pelicans three-point shooting. Of course, McCollum accounted for a big chunk of that. Herb Jones added 2/3 accuracy from deep.
1: Time this season that New Orleans has won consecutive games. The Pelicans will have a chance to do so Sunday when they play the Wizards in our nation's capital.




Photos: Pelicans vs. Wizards | Game Action 1/3/25

1 / 52
NEW ORLEANS, LA - JANUARY 3: Jose Alvarado #15 of the New Orleans Pelicans handles the ball during the game against the Washington Wizards on January 3, 2025 at the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2025 NBAE (Photo by Layne Murdoch Jr./NBAE via Getty Images)

1 / 52
NEW ORLEANS, LA - JANUARY 3: Jose Alvarado #15 of the New Orleans Pelicans handles the ball during the game against the Washington Wizards on January 3, 2025 at the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2025 NBAE (Photo by Layne Murdoch Jr./NBAE via Getty Images) (Layne Murdoch Jr./NBAE via Getty Images)

Tags
CJ MCCOLLUM
TREY MURPHY III
YVES MISSI
Related Articles
Pelicans 132, Wizards 120: CJ McCollum 50 points | Postgame wrap
Pelicans shootaround update: Yves Missi monthly rookie honor part of rapid progression
Gayle Benson's donation to Greater New Orleans Foundation’s disaster relief fund will provide vital assistance to those affected by terrorist attack
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-132-wizards-120-cj-mccollum-50-points-postgame-wrap 
 ----- 
