Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Play Daily Draw!
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
Venu streaming service scrapped
NFL All-Pro team
How to watch the Cotton Bowl
The Commercial Appeal
How many points did Ja Morant score tonight? Grizzlies vs Magic box score
Wendell Shepherd Jr., Memphis Commercial Appeal
Sat, Oct 26, 2024·1 min read

It'd been 297 days since Memphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant last played a regular-season game at FedEx Forum as injuries plagued the back half of the 2023-24 season.

Now healthy, with teammates like Jaren Jackson Jr. back by his side, Morant's energy was infectious in the Grizzlies' 124-111 home-opening win Saturday over the Orlando Magic.

Morant didn't have his best shooting night — connecting on 33% of his shots — but he got his teammates involved, kick-starting career nights for forward Jay Huff and guard Scotty Pippen Jr.

Morant finished with a double-double, scoring 16 points with 10 assists. He had no problem navigating among the Magic's sizable interior defense, drawing several fouls and going 8-for-8 from the free-throw line.

Ja Morant stats vs. Magic

Points: 16

FG: 4 of 12

3PT: 0 of 6

FT: 8 of 8

Rebounds: 2

Assists: 10

Steals: 0

Blocks: 1

Turnovers: 3

Fouls: 3

Minutes: 24

Wendell Shepherd Jr. is The Commercial Appeal's high school sports beat writer. Reach Wendell at wendell.shepherd@commercialappeal.com or on X, formerly known as Twitter, @wendellsjr_.

This article originally appeared on Memphis Commercial Appeal: Ja Morant points tonight: Grizzlies vs Magic in NBA season opener

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
NBA Power Rankings: Cavaliers-Thunder is a battle of the best two teams, but who's No. 1?

Cleveland and Oklahoma City are on pace to win 73 and 70 games, respectively, and will face each other for the first time this season on Wednesday night.

3d ago
Yahoo Sports
Grizzlies star Ja Morant out, considered ‘week-to-week’ with right shoulder injury

Ja Morant missed most of last season with a right shoulder injury, too.

11d ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

58m ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

54m ago
Yahoo Sports
Penn State edge rusher Abdul Carter declares for NFL Draft after Orange Bowl loss to Notre Dame

Carter finished the season with 12 sacks and should be a top-10 pick.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Venu Sports streaming service scrapped by Disney, Fox, Warner Bros

Venu Sports was originally scheduled to launch ahead of the 2024 NFL season.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame rallies to beat Penn State on last-minute field goal, advances to College Football Playoff national championship

Penn State threw an interception in the final minute to set up Notre Dame's winning kick.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles' Jalen Hurts clears concussion protocol, available for wild-card game vs. Packers

Hurts has not played since suffering a concussion on Dec. 22 against the Commanders.

19h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/many-points-did-ja-morant-044043826.html 
 ----- 
