NBA
Washington Wizards
Brian Keefe talks up Wizards rookie after getting ‘thrown into fire’ against Knicks

Wizards head coach Brian Keefe showered one of his rookies with praise

By 

Joshua Valdez

Oct 19, 2024 at 3:11 PM ET

Preseason games don't count, but the Washington Wizards' 118-117 win over the New York Knicks on Friday night was as exciting as it gets for a rebuilding team. Fringe players such as Johnny Davis and Jared Butler, the former of whom hit the game-winner, stood out, but first-round rookie Bub Carrington holding his own against Knicks superstar Jalen Brunson was another eyebrow-raiser.

Wizards head coach Brian Keefe sounded off on Carrington's poise, via the team's YouTube channel.

“The only way I think you're gonna learn anything is getting thrown into the fire,” Keefe said. “He got thrown into the fire, he's [Brunson's] a great player obviously. He's a veteran player, knows all the ways to manipulate the game, and what a great challenge for Bub, I thought he handled it well. He wasn't afraid of the moment.”

Carrington scored seven points on 3-for-6 shooting with three rebounds and one assist across 22 minutes. The Pittsburgh alum had yet to shoot 50% from the field in a preseason game, so Washington must have been encouraged to see him do it for the first time against a championship contender.

Not only is Carrington an integral part of the Wizards' rebuild, but he's also a local kid living out a dream.

Bub Carrington could be hometown hero for Wizards
Related Washington Wizards News
Article continues below
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
1d
Richard Jefferson blasts Charles Barkley for doing a bad job ‘selling’ the NBA
1d
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
2d
NBA players eligible to be traded on Jan. 15, 2025
2d
© Reggie Hildred-Imagn Images

Carrington, a Baltimore native, admitted that playing close to home is ideal, via The Washington Post's Varun Shankar.

“It makes life a little bit easier,” the 19-year-old said. “You don’t know how to turn the stove on, Mom’s close.”

At the same time, though, Carrington must navigate the challenges of his new career boost.

“It’s hard to say no,” he admitted. “You got to get people tickets, people want to come over, people want to take time out [of] your day. But you’re a professional at the end of the day. Your time is yours.”

If Carrington thinks people are hounding him now, it'll be next level if and when he helps the Wizards return to prominence in the Eastern Conference. However, the 6-foot-4, 190-pounder has shown thus far that the moment isn't too big for him.

Joshua Valdez started his journalism career as the Sports Editor for the Rutgers University newspaper before becoming an associate editor for ClutchPoints, covering the MLB, NFL, NBA, and soccer. He's also the beat reporter for the Washington Wizards and Mystics.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
2 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
10 hours ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
NBA rumors: Lakers, Nuggets among teams Bradley Beal would waive no-trade clause for
3 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
×
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/brian-keefe-talks-up-wizards-rookie-after-getting-thrown-into-fire-against-knicks 
 ----- 
