Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Despite fiery talk from Baldelli, frustrated Twins remain in funk
Share
Despite fiery talk from Baldelli, frustrated Twins remain in funk
September 10th, 2024

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

MINNEAPOLIS -- According to several players, the message delivered by Rocco Baldelli to his clubhouse in Sunday’s fiery tirade was a welcome one that they felt was important to address the clear lack of energy and momentum in the team’s on-field results.

“You don't want to play scared by trying to not lose,” Matt Wallner said. “You want to go out and try to win.”

Problem is, it’s rather tough for the Twins to play with that mindset if they’re down multiple runs before they even step to the plate.

Whatever Baldelli asked of his team behind closed doors, the Twins still didn’t seem to have found it on Monday, when they fell in an early four-run hole and never caught up to the Angels -- owners of the second-worst record in the American League -- in a 6-2 loss at Target Field, their fourth consecutive defeat and their 15th loss in their past 21 games.

In the aftermath of that explosive rant by the skipper, players spoke of urgency and the need to win now to regain control of their spiraling season -- and this looked to be a good opportunity to do that, facing a youngster-laden Angels squad that ranked ahead of only the White Sox in the AL standings.

Complete coverage: Twins’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Instead, another quiet performance from the offense dropped the Twins’ lead in the AL Wild Card race to only three games ahead of the trailing Red Sox, Mariners and Tigers -- and what once appeared to be a tug-of-war between the Twins and Royals for seeding in the final two Wild Card slots now looks more like the Twins holding on for dear life.

Related
What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Twins encouraged by Correa, not motivated to trade

December 10th, 2024

Skenes joins exclusive club of No. 1 picks to win ROY

November 19th, 2024

Correa (4 RBIs) steps up, but Twins' Wild Card margin tightens to half-game

September 19th, 2024

“It feels like we're piecemealing it a little bit,” Baldelli said. “We've got to do more as a collective group and get the three, four, five good at-bats in a row. The best way to do that is to have a really narrow and good idea of what you're trying to do at the plate and follow it through. It takes discipline to do that.”

Discipline is something that the offense decidedly didn’t have as the Twins didn’t muster a hit after a leadoff single in the sixth inning, going down in a hail of either too-big, too-wild or halfhearted check-swings.

It’s perhaps indicative of the Twins’ pressing to try to swing out of this slump that they didn’t look locked into taking their best swings on pitches that they can drive -- as Jose Miranda showed in an awkward, inning-ending check-swing that stranded a pair of runners in the third, and Michael Helman similarly showed to end the game.

“I think that is maybe a little frustration, guys wanting to do something for our team, and to go out there and be the person that's going to get it going,” Baldelli said. “Sometimes, trying to do less leads to more, and it's something that I believe in.”

But that’s looked tough for a young, depleted team to internalize as many of the players navigate their first September playoff chase while also trying to help the team push out of this funk.

“It’s unfamiliar territory for a lot of us, but we’re leaning on the vets who are doing a good job of keeping the atmosphere and the vibes in the clubhouse well,” said rookie David Festa, who struggled with command in a short, four-inning start. “Obviously, we’re not playing great baseball, but we look to bounce back tomorrow and get something going.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Angels opened the game with a walk, double and Nolan Schanuel two-run single off Festa to immediately drain the energy from the Twins’ dugout once again, a point driven home by Brandon Drury’s 459-foot moonshot in the third inning. Though the Twins scraped together two runs, a two-run blast by Niko Kavadas erased that progress, too.

The added pressure of all that playing from behind amid this recent funk, coupled with an ongoing 0-for-20 slump for Royce Lewis, the club’s remaining healthy star hitter, hasn’t helped as the offense has been held to five or fewer runs in 12 consecutive games, including eight games in which they scored two or fewer.

“It seemed like there was a dark cloud over us,” Trevor Larnach said. “Energy was low.”

It didn’t seem much different on Monday -- and it seems the Twins are still waiting.

“Maybe it comes tomorrow, maybe it comes the next day,” Baldelli said. “As long as it comes, we're going to feel good about that when it comes.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Minnesota Twins
Carlos Correa

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/twins-lose-series-opener-to-angels 
 ----- 
