Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
Trump gets no penalty in ‘hush money’ case — but will still be first felon in White House
MLB
Yankees can’t erase early deficit, complete sweep in loss to Mariners after securing playoff berth
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 19, 2024, 7:21 p.m. ET
123

SEATTLE — Less than three hours before first pitch Thursday, a large group of Yankees arrived in the visiting clubhouse that still had a stench of cheap champagne and beer from the night before. 

The Yankees had secured the American League’s first playoff berth on Wednesday night, but still had work to be done in trying to clinch the division as well. 

That pursuit stalled for a day as the Mariners strong pitching finally won out to avoid a sweep as the Yankees fell 3-2 at T-Mobile Park. 

7
Giancarlo Stanton reacts after striking out during the Yankees’ loss to the Mariners on Sept. 19.
AP
7
Jasson Dominguez is tagged out at the plate during the Yankees’ loss to the Mariners on Sept. 19.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

With the Orioles finally winning a game earlier on Thursday, the Yankees lead atop the AL East got cut back to four games with nine games left to play.

Their magic number to clinch the division stayed at six. 

The Yankees (89-64) went just 1-for-12 with runners in scoring position against right-hander Logan Gilbert and the Mariner bullpen.

They stranded eight runners on base and their only source of offense was a two-run home run from Jazz Chisholm Jr. in the third inning off Gilbert. 

The day looked like it might get even more painful in the seventh inning when Juan Soto had an injury scare after banging his left knee into the wall while making a terrific sliding catch in foul territory.

7
Julio Rodriguez reacts during the first inning of the Mariners’ victory against the Yankees on Sept. 19.
AP
7
The Mariners took the final game of their series with the Yankees on Sept. 19 to avoid a three-game sweep.
Getty Images

Soto tossed his glove and stayed on the ground in pain as Aaron Boone, two trainers and a handful of position players came to check on him. 

But Soto eventually remained in the game to avoid a doomsday scenario, though the Yankees did lose reliever Jake Cousins an inning earlier as he left the game with right pec tightness. 

Jasson Dominguez had a big hand — the left one, specifically — in the Mariners taking a 3-0 lead on Clarke Schmidt in the first inning. 

Julio Rodriguez, who was picked off third base in the 10th inning Wednesday after dancing away from the bag to avoid Randy Arozarena’s flying bat, led off with a single before Schmidt issued a one-out walk. 

Luke Raley came up next and laid down a bunt that Schmidt tried to make a sliding play on but could not handle cleanly, leading to a single that loaded the bases. 

Justin Turner then roped a fly ball to left field that should have been the second out.

7
Clarke Schmidt started for the Yankees during their loss to the Mariners on Sept. 19.
AP
7
Jazz Chisholm Jr. reacts after homering during the Yankees’ loss to the Mariners on Sept. 19.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Instead, Dominguez dropped it after possibly losing the ball in the sun (Arozarena had trouble picking up a few fly balls in left field later in the game), allowing the Mariners to take a 1-0 lead. 

Jorge Polanco followed with a sacrifice fly before JP Crawford poked a single through the left side to make it 3-0. 

The fielding gaffe was Dominguez’s second in as many days.

7
The Yankees encountered a scare when Juan Soto crashed into the wall after making a catch during their loss on Sept. 19.
AP

Playing center field on Wednesday, he misjudged a fly ball from Turner as it dropped 10 feet behind him on the warning track for a double. 

Dominguez tried to make up for Thursday’s error in the next half inning as he led off the top of the second with a double to the gap. 

Two outs later, Anthony Volpe shot a single through the right side, with Raley fielding the ball in right field before Dominguez stepped on third.

123

What do you think? Post a comment.

But third base coach Luis Rojas waved Dominguez around, and Raley delivered a strong one-hop throw to catcher Cal Raleigh for the third out of the inning.

FILED UNDER CLARKE SCHMIDT  JASSON DOMINGUEZ  JUAN SOTO  NEW YORK YANKEES  SEATTLE MARINERS  9/19/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Trump's Connection To His Would-Be Assassin's Family Is Revealed
NYPost.com
Melania Trump's Outfit At Carter Funeral Has Everyone Staring
TheList.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/19/sports/yankees-cant-erase-early-deficit-complete-sweep-in-loss-to-mariners/ 
 ----- 
