Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Mariners stay on edge of playoff race with win over Yankees
Seattle Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh tags New York Yankees’ Jasson Domínguez out at home on a single by Anthony Volpe during the second inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Seattle. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 19, 2024 at 9:58 PM EST

SEATTLE — Logan Gilbert allowed two runs pitching into the sixth inning and reached the 200-strikeout mark for the season, J.P. Crawford had a key two-out RBI single as part of Seattle’s three-run first inning, and the Mariners beat the New York Yankees 3-2 on Thursday.

Seattle salvaged the final game of the series and stayed on the fringes of the playoff race, pulling within two games of Minnesota and Detroit for the final wild-card spot in the American League ahead of a six-game road trip to Texas and Houston.

“I don’t think we’re paying too much attention about what’s ahead in terms of the standings,” Seattle manager Dan Wilson said. “I think we’re looking at what we need to do each night, each day. Today we needed to pick up a win. We did.”

A day after clinching a postseason berth, the Yankees had their lead in the AL East trimmed to four games after Baltimore’s victory. They also received a major scare from star outfielder Juan Soto in the seventh inning.

Soto slid into the short wall in foul territory down the right-field line while making a highlight reel catch. After a lengthy visit from manager Aaron Boone, athletic trainers and seemingly every one of his teammates, Soto remained in the game and was shaking out his left leg.

The play was initially ruled a foul ball, but was overturned to a catch on replay.

“I think him sliding the way he did served him well. My biggest fear was that he twisted something and I think sliding like that preserved him a little bit,” Boone said. “Banged his knee pretty good. We’ll get X-rays just to make sure but as of now looks like he’ll be OK.”

Seattle did all its damage in the first inning off Yankees starter Clarke Schmidt, loading the bases with one out. Justin Turner hit a fly ball deep enough for Julio Rodríguez to score, but left fielder Jasson Domínguez muffed the catch and Seattle eventually added two unearned runs. Jorge Polanco added a sacrifice fly and Crawford’s single capped the big inning.

Schmidt (5-4) settled down after the rough first inning and allowed only two hits over the next four innings. He struck out seven and walked three.

“The command wasn’t there for sure. Obviously really happy with how we bounced back after the first inning. The outing was a grind,” Schmidt said.

Gilbert (8-11) struck out nine in his 5 1/3 innings and has 207 on the season, becoming the ninth pitcher in team history to reach that mark. Andrés Muñoz pitched the ninth for his 22nd save.

Gilbert, who was bumped up by a day to throw against the Yankees, pitched with traffic but avoided any big innings. He needed 45 pitches combined to work through the fourth and fifth innings – the latter of which included an extra batter after a wild pitch strikeout allowed Jazz Chisholm Jr. to reach first base.

Despite the busy basepaths, Gilbert’s only mistake was Chisholm’s 23rd homer, a two-run shot in the third. He was also helped by Luke Raley throwing out Domínguez trying to score from second base for the final out of the second.

“It felt like it was a big game, big series. Obviously a good team over there and every game matters a ton for us. We really needed to win today. Just tried to give us a chance,” Gilbert said.

INJURY CONCERN

Yankees reliever Jake Cousins took over in the sixth but lasted only two batters and six pitches due to tightness in his right pectoral muscle. He was lifted striking out Rodríguez, and his velocity was down significantly on all of his pitches.

“We don’t think it’s too severe,” Boone said.

UP NEXT

Yankees: New York makes its last trip to Oakland on Friday with RHP Gerrit Cole (6-5, 3.97) starting the opener against the A’s.

Mariners: Seattle opens its final road trip in Texas on Friday against the Rangers. RHP George Kirby (12-11, 3.62) starts the opener.

Originally Published: September 19, 2024 at 8:42 PM EST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking {state) by Storm!
Ribili
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Simple Nail Clipper Perfect for Seniors in North Charleston
viveala
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These South Carolina Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping South Carolina
Rechol
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Your Area
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Sneaky Way South Carolina Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Mind-bending Answer!
Tardive
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Remember John Connor's Actor: This is What He is Doing Now
kickass
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
15 Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat - Find out Why
HEALTH NATURAL
What Triggers Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Shock You! (Learn More Inside)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Are You over 50? Avoid These Foods to Stay Healthy
HEALTH NATURAL
Banks Selling North Charleston Homes at Massive Discounts
Real Estate Sales
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
19
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/19/mariners-stay-on-edge-of-playoff-race-with-win-over-yankees/ 
 ----- 
