Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
Trump gets no penalty in ‘hush money’ case — but will still be first felon in White House
MLB
Yankees clinch playoff berth with thrilling 10-inning win over Mariners
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 19, 2024, 12:56 a.m. ET
247

SEATTLE — The most pressing item on the Yankees’ calendar last October was an organizational deep dive.

This year, they can officially clear their schedules for playoff baseball.

There are bigger and better goals on their agenda, but the Yankees took care of the first order of business on Wednesday night by clinching a postseason berth with a 2-1, 10-inning win over the Mariners at T-Mobile Park.

7
Aaron Judge (right) takes part in the champagne celebration with Jazz Chisholm after the Yankees’ 2-1, playoff-clinching win over the Mariners in 10 innings on Sept. 18, 2024.
John Froschauer-Imagn Images

After missing out on last year’s playoffs following a miserable 82-80 season, the Yankees (89-63) marked Wednesday’s accomplishment with a raucous champagne and beer celebration in the visiting clubhouse, all while keeping an eye on their next goal of wrapping up the AL East — which they now lead by a season-high five games over the Orioles with 10 to play.

“We definitely know the job’s not finished — we’re hunting this division — but getting an opportunity to punch our ticket back into the postseason after last year missing out, it means a lot,” Aaron Judge said while dripping with champagne. “We got a special group here. The boys are definitely excited, but they know the mission is ahead of them.”

With their ninth win in the last 12 games — secured by Anthony Rizzo’s RBI double in the top of the 10th inning and Ian Hamilton closing it out in the bottom of the frame — the Yankees trimmed their magic number to clinch the division to six games.

“It’s there to be taken now,” manager Aaron Boone said. “We got to keep the gas pedal on and hopefully keep racking up some wins. Go get the East — that’s our next goal.”

Coming off a brutal 2023 season — the franchise’s worst since 1992 — the Yankees pulled off a trade for Juan Soto in December to pair him with Judge as arguably the game’s best 1-2 punch.

7
The Yankees celebrate their postseason berth.

Many of them then showed up to spring training in Tampa early, motivated by what they often described as an embarrassing season that was not immediately scrubbed from their minds.

“It stuck with us a long time, as it should,” Gerrit Cole said. “It does when it means a lot to you. I think it makes it more validating this year that we were able to come back and get in so soon. There’s a lot of hard work that went into it.”

7
Anthony Rizzo celebrates after ripping the game-winning double in the 10th inning of the Yankees’ 2-1 playoff-clinching win over the Mariners.
AP
7
The Yankees celebrate their postseason berth.

The champagne celebration was temporarily delayed Wednesday after Clay Holmes gave up a game-tying home run to Justin Turner in the eighth inning.

But Rizzo, who had two of the Yankees’ three hits and drove in both of their runs on the night, led off the 10th by ripping a double to right field to score automatic runner Jasson Dominguez from second base.

7
Anthony Volpe got sprayed with champagne in the clubhouse.

Hamilton then closed it out in the bottom of the inning with some help from a bizarre double play.

Cal Raleigh had led off with a single to put runners on the corners before Hamilton got Randy Arozarena to strike out.

7
New York Yankees shortstop Anthony Volpe (11) reacts after forcing Seattle Mariners first baseman Justin Turner (2) and completing a double play during the sixth inning at T-Mobile Park.
John Froschauer-Imagn Images

But as he did, Arozarena’s bat went flying down the third-base line, with Julio Rodriguez dancing out of the way to avoid it and being slow to get back to the bag.

That allowed Austin Wells a chance to throw down to third, where he picked off Rodriguez for the second out.

7
Jasson Dominguez scores with game-winning run in the 10th inning on Anthony Rizzo’s RBI double as Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh looks on during the Yankees’ playoff-clinching win.
John Froschauer-Imagn Images

Hamilton struck out Turner to end it, with the Yankees rushing back to the clubhouse to get the party started.

“Missing the playoffs is not Yankee-like,” said Nestor Cortes, who continued a strong stretch by throwing six scoreless innings. “Celebrating in ’21, celebrating in ’22, this feeling is what it’s all about. A lot of people complain about ups and downs and maybe how bad we were during the summer. But we stuck together. We’re going to try to pull off a run here. Hopefully something special.”

In 2022, when the Yankees clinched a playoff spot, they opted for a more civilized champagne toast before popping bottles when they wrapped up the division.

This year, after a long road back to making sure they would be playing in the postseason, they went full party mode just for the playoff berth, which they hope is the first of five celebrations to come over the next six weeks.

247

What do you think? Post a comment.

“We believe in each other, that’s what makes me think we can go all the way because we believe in each other,” Soto said. “We don’t try to be the hero out there, we just try to do our job and try to win games for the team.”

FILED UNDER ANTHONY RIZZO  NESTOR CORTES JR.  NEW YORK YANKEES  SEATTLE MARINERS  9/19/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Trump's Connection To His Would-Be Assassin's Family Is Revealed
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Toby Keith Hates One Of His Biggest Hits & It's So Clear Why
NBC.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/19/sports/yankees-clinch-playoff-berth-with-thrilling-10-inning-win-over-mariners/ 
 ----- 
