 MENU
My Picks
Chicago Cubs vs Washington Nationals Prediction MLB Picks 8/30/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  August 29, 2024 10:02 pm
Washington Nationals (61-73) vs Chicago Cubs (68-66)
Game Info: Friday, August 30, 2024 at 6:45 pm (Nationals Park)
Jake Irvin (9-10) (3.80) vs Shota Imanaga (10-3) (3.08)
Betting Odds: Washington Nationals +136 / Chicago Cubs -162 --- Over/Under: 8 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article we will formulate a Chicago Cubs vs Washington Nationals prediction for this MLB game on Friday, August 30th at Nationals Park in Washington, DC. To formulate this prediction for game one in the series, we will examine:

The Cubs recent form and recent player performance 
The Nationals recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Chicago
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Washington
Recent betting trends in games played between Chicago and Washington
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Chicago and Washington
Chicago Cubs Betting Preview

The Chicago Cubs are 68-66 this season and they have won six of their last seven games. Chicago is coming off of a series win against Pittsburgh, where they won all three games. Prior to that series, the Cubs won two out of three against the Marlins, won two out of three against the Tigers, and won two out of three against the Blue Jays. Chicago is 9-3 in their last 12 games and they are second in the NL Central. 

The Chicago pitching staff has a 3.80 ERA, a 1.25 WHIP, and a .239 opponent batting average. The Cubs offense has scored 600 runs with a .239 batting average and a .315 on base percentage. Seiya Suzuki is batting .278 with 19 home runs and 64 RBI’s for the Cubs this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Washington Nationals Betting Preview

The Washington Nationals are 61-73 this year and they have won three of their last four games. Washington is coming off of a series win against the Yankees, where they won two out of three games. Prior to that series, the Nationals lost two out of three against the Braves, won two out of three against the Rockies, and lost three out of four against the Phillies. Washington is 6-8 in their last 14 games and they are fourth in the NL East. 

The Washington pitching staff has a 4.24 ERA, a 1.34 WHIP, and a .261 opponent batting average. The Nationals offense has scored 565 runs with a .245 batting average and a .312 on base percentage. Luis Garcia is batting .290 with 15 home runs and 63 RBI’s for the Nationals this season.

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Chicago is Shota Imanaga, who is 10-3 with a 3.08 ERA and a 1.06 WHIP over 140.1 innings pitched this year. Imanaga has allowed two earned runs or fewer in three of his last four starts. The projected starting pitcher for Washington is Jake Irvin, who is 9-10 with a 3.80 ERA and a 1.16 WHIP over 156.1 innings pitched this season. Irvin has allowed two earned runs in two of his last three starts. 

Why the Cubs will beat the Nationals
The Cubs have won eight of their last nine road games against teams that held a losing record.
The Nationals have lost seven of their last eight night games against National League opponents.
The Cubs have covered the run line in each of their last four night games against National League opponents.
The Nationals have failed to cover the run line in seven of their last nine games against the Cubs following a win.
Total Runs Facts
Each of the Nationals' last six night games against National League opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Six of the Cubs' last seven road games against National League opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the last three games between the Cubs and Nationals.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Cubs' last five Friday games against National League opponents.
Washington Nationals Player Prop Facts
Luis Garcia has scored at least one run in each of his last 10 Friday night appearances against teams that held a winning record.
Joey Gallo has recorded two or more RBIs in three of his last four appearances against the Cubs.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one total base in each of his last eight appearances at Nationals Park against NL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances at Nationals Park against NL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Luis Garcia has hit a home run in each of the Nationals' last two games against NL Central opponents.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one Single in each of his last eight appearances at Nationals Park against NL Central opponents that held a winning record.
Chicago Cubs Player Prop Facts
Nico Hoerner has recorded at least one Single in seven of the Cubs' last eight night games against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Dansby Swanson has hit a home run in each of the Cubs' last two night games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Ian Happ has recorded at least one Double in each of the Cubs' last four road games against opponents that held a losing record.
Dansby Swanson has scored at least one run in eight of the Cubs' last nine games.
Christian Bethancourt has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last five appearances after not playing the previous day.
Christian Bethancourt has recorded at least one hit in each of his seven previous appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Seiya Suzuki has recorded at least one total base in each of the Cubs' last seven games against the Nationals.
Chicago Cubs vs Washington Nationals Prediction 

Chicago comes into this series playing very well over the last two weeks and they are right on the fringe of being in the NL Wild Card race. The Cubs are 32-37 on the road this year, while the Nationals are 32-34 at home. Chicago is coming off of a series against Pittsburgh, where their bats were on fire.

The Cubs are starting Imanaga, who has been very solid for them this season. The Nationals are starting Jake Irvin, who has been extremely inconsistent in his last five starts and you have to wonder if fatigue is becoming an issue. The Cubs are rolling right now and they have a big advantage on the mound. Take Chicago here. 

David’s Pick
Cubs ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-08-30/chicago-cubs-vs-washington-nationals-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
