CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Hussein stars as Iraq seal thrilling win

Published: 25 Jan 2024 - 08:50 am | Last Updated: 25 Jan 2024 - 08:53 am

Iraq's forward #18 Aymen Hussein heads the ball to score during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Iraq and Vietnam at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on January 24, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Chinthana Wasala | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Aymen Hussein came off the bench and emerged as the hero for Iraq, scoring twice in the second half to seal a thrilling 3-2 victory over Vietnam in their final Group D fixture of the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023, yesterday.

At the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium, the gifted striker scored in the 73rd and 90+12 minutes after Rebin Solaka had added one for the Lions of Mesopotamia, who trailed 0-1 at half-time.

Bui Hoang Viet Anh had earned Vietnam the lead in the 40th minute, while their second goal was scored by Nguyen Quang Hai in the 90+1 minute before Hussein fired the winner.

Iraq, unbeaten so far, will be looking to emulate their impressive run in the 2007 tournament when they clinched the title by defeating Saudi Arabia and coach Jesus Casas said it would make "a lot of people - 40 million Iraqi people - very happy."

"We can win," he said.

"But I know it's going to be hard."

The win kept Iraq’s flawless group stage performance intact as they secured the top spot with nine points.


Vietnam's players celebrate their first goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Iraq and Vietnam at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on January 24, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)

Vietnam bid farewell to the tournament after suffering their third consecutive defeat.

Japan sealed the second spot in the group with a 3-1 victory over Indonesia at Al Thumama Stadium. After having secured a place in the knockout stage, Casas made wholesale changes to the starting line-up, with only defender Rebin Solaka maintaining his place.

Iraq survived an early scare as VAR intervened to overturn an own goal by Zaid Tahseen. The Iraqi defender attempted to clear Vo Minh Trong’s cross, but unintentionally sent the ball into their own net.

After being denied the goal, Vietnam took the lead in 40th minute when Bui Hoang Viet Anh sent a perfect volley into the middle of the Iraqi net after receiving the ball from Khuat Van Khang’s free-kick.

However, they were dealt with a major blow when one of their key strikers, Khuat Van Khang received a second caution, reducing the East Asian side to 10 men in the fourth minute of added time before the break.

Iraq seized the opportunity in the second half, bringing on forwards Ali Jasim and Hussein in the 46th minute.


Iraq's players celebrate with their supporters after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Iraq and Vietnam at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on January 24, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)

It didn’t take long to reap dividends. Just one minute later, Solaka netted his maiden international goal from a corner kick by Jasim to level the scores.

Iraq continued to apply pressure on the already weakened Vietnam side, and Hussein headed home their second goal in the 72nd minute, securing his fourth goal in the tournament.

Hussein could have enjoyed a hat-trick yesterday if not for a missed penalty in the dying minutes.

Vietnam managed to level the score with a stoppage-time goal from substitute Quang Hai, a strike that intensified the battle.

However, a last-minute penalty conceded by Vo Minh Trong gave Hussein another chance. The 28-year-old made no mistake this time, as he secured a thrilling win for Iraq, who headed to the last 16 with three straight victories.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
'Beyond Reality' circus show at Al Wakrah Old Souq extended
UDST unveils seven new programs including Qatar's first aeronautical engineering
Second batch of star-studded Trophée des Champions Visit Qatar tickets release today
Both Jeju Air black boxes found: officials
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Shura Council condemns occupation's crimes in Gaza and Al-Aqsa Mosque intrusion
AC Milan sack coach Fonseca: club
New year nerves hit Asian stocks
Second Jeju Air flight suffers landing gear problem
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/25/01/2024/hussein-stars-as-iraq-seal-thrilling-win 
 ----- 
