MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 2024 | JUMADA AL-AKHIRAH 28, 1446 H
CLEAR SKY
OMAN
18°C / 18°C
LOGIN | SUBSCRIBE
     
 
SPORTS
 / 
FOOTBALL
Japan advance as Iraq win five-goal thriller
PUBLISHED: 9:07 PM, JAN 24, 2024
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Indonesia - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 24, 2024 Japan's Ayase Ueda celebrates scoring their second goal with Takefusa Kubo and Keito Nakamura REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
SHARE
Listen

DOHA: Japan cruised into the Asian Cup last 16 on Wednesday and a possible date with South Korea, as already qualified Iraq came out on top in a five-goal thriller.




Ayase Ueda struck in each half to go with a late Indonesia own goal as pre-tournament favourites Japan won 3-1 to finish runners-up in Group D behind Iraq.




Japan will now face the winners of Group E -- South Korea's group.




Jurgen Klinsmann's South Korea are currently second on goal difference behind Jordan and face Malaysia in their final group match on Thursday.




Iran are lurking as possible quarterfinal opponents for Japan and coach Hajime Moriyasu said they were primed for the best the rest could throw at them.




"Iran and South Korea are top-level teams in Asia and both very strong. They both have their own style that is different from ours and we respect them," he said.




"It is a step-up in quality as we move into the race for the title."




Moriyasu made eight changes to his starting line-up from the shock 2-1 defeat by Iraq, bringing in an entirely new defence.




He kept faith in goalkeeper Zion Suzuki, who was at fault against Iraq and was racially abused online after the game.




But there was still no place for Brighton winger Kaoru Mitoma, who was left out of the match-day squad for a third straight game as he struggles for full fitness.




Japan were awarded a penalty in the sixth minute after a VAR check ruled that Indonesia defender Jordi Amat had dragged down Ueda in the box.




The Feyenoord striker dusted himself down and dispatched the spot-kick past goalkeeper Ernando Ari.




Japan doubled their lead seven minutes after half-time when Ritsu Doan cut through the Indonesia defence down the wing and Ueda was on hand to tap home his low cross.




Ueda went looking for his hat-trick and his shot pressured Indonesia defender Justin Hubner into firing the ball into his own goal in the 88th minute.




Sandy Walsh volleyed home from close range in the 91st minute to give Indonesia a consolation.




They finished third in the group and will have to wait until the first round concludes on Thursday to see if they go through as one of the four best third-placed teams.




Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Iraq v Vietnam - Jassim bin Hamad Stadium, Al Rayyan, Qatar - January 24, 2024 Iraq's Ayman Hussein celebrates after the match REUTERS/Ibraheem Al Omari




'BRAVE HUSSEIN'




The 2007 champions Iraq, who had already topped the group, scored in the 12th minute of injury time against 10-man Vietnam for a thrilling 3-2 win.




Aymen Hussein scored twice, including the decider at the death from the penalty spot, to take his tally to a tournament-leading five goals.




Vietnam led three minutes before the break when Bui Hoang Viet Anh poked home off a Khuat Van Khang free-kick.




That would be Khuat's last major attacking involvement -- he was sent off in first-half stoppage time for a second yellow card.




Rebin Sulaka equalised immediately after the restart and then Hussein, on as a substitute, made it 2-1.




Hussein missed a penalty and it looked like he would be made to regret it when Nguyen Quang Hai got behind the Iraqi back line to score on the stroke of the 90th minute to make it 2-2.




But Vietnam gave away another penalty deep in added time and on this occasion Hussein did not miss.




"He was brave to take the second penalty," said Iraq coach Jesus Casas. -- AFP




Oman Observer is now on the WhatsApp channel. Click here

SHARE ARTICLE
Oman
Governorates
Health
Transport
ROP
Education
His Majesty
Environment
Tourism
Labour
Community
Weather
Business
Economy
Markets
Banking
Energy
Aviation
Cars
Property
Tourism
Features
Lifestyle
Arts
Culture
Food
Travel
Fashion
Photography
Films/Tv
Books
Music
The Opera
Weekend
Sports
Football
Tennis
Cricket
Motor Sports
Athletics
Golf
NBA
Other Sports
World
Region
Americas
Europe
Asia
Africa
Australia
Opinion
Oman
Business
International
SCITECH
Science
Technology
Web Specials
Classifieds
About Us
 
Contact Us
 
Work With Us
 
Privacy Policy
 
Terms and Conditions
 
Advertise with Us
 
Subscribe
 
RSS
Oman Daily Observer
Copyright © 2024 Ministry of Information,
Sultanate of Oman
All Rights Reserved.
FOLLOW US
     
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.omanobserver.om/article/1148695/sports/football/japan-advance-as-iraq-win-five-goal-thriller 
 ----- 
