Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

Ohtani steals 49th base in Dodgers’ 8-4 win over Marlins

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

September 19, 2024 at 11:10 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani (17) reacts after striking out during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Sept. 18, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo)

MIAMI--Shohei Ohtani stole his 49th base and moved closer to becoming the first player in major league history with 50 homers and 50 steals in a season as the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Miami Marlins 8-4 Wednesday night.

Ohtani, who began the day two shy of each mark, singled to lead off the game then swiped second. He flew out to left, struck out, lined out to right and struck out in his next four plate appearances.

Tommy Edman hit his sixth homer in the last eight games for the NL West-leading Dodgers, who remained 3 1/2 games ahead of second-place San Diego. Enrique Hernández and Will Smith also went deep and Freddie Freeman had three hits.

Dodgers starter Landon Knack (3-4) gave up two hits over five scoreless innings. He walked two and struck out seven.

Smith gave Los Angeles an early lead with his solo homer in the second. He drove a fastball from Miami starter Ryan Weathers over the wall in left for his 19th homer.

The Dodgers broke it open with a five-run fourth against Weathers (3-6). Edman hit a two-run homer and Hernández added a three-run drive.

Miami narrowed the deficit on Otto López’s two-run single off Zach Logue and Nick Fortes’ sacrifice fly against Blake Treinen in the seventh.

Chris Taylor increased Los Angeles’ lead with a two-run single in the eighth.

Weathers’ outing ended after Freeman’s one-out double in the fifth. The left-hander, who made his first appearance since June 7, gave up six runs and eight hits while striking out five. He was sidelined because of a left index finger strain.

Before the game, the Dodgers activated right-handed reliever Joe Kelly from the injured list and selected Logue’s contract from Triple-A Oklahoma City. Kelly relieved Knack and pitched a perfect sixth. The club optioned right-handed pitchers Bobby Miller and Michael Grove to Oklahoma City.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Dodgers: LHP Clayton Kershaw (left big toe bone spur) threw a bullpen session on Wednesday and manager Dave Roberts considered it an important step in his rehab. ... INF Miguel Rojas was a late scratch because he was “feeling under the weather,” according to Roberts.

Marlins: RHP Max Meyer (right shoulder bursitis) is continuing his rehab program at the club’s spring training complex in Jupiter, Fla. He will be evaluated in the next days for a possible throwing program.

UP NEXT

RHP Jack Flaherty (12-7, 3.04) will start the series finale for the Dodgers on Thursday while the Marlins will go with RHP Edward Cabrera (4-7, 4.55).

Related News

MLB/ Jesús Sánchez leads Marlins in 11-9 win over Dodgers. Shohei Ohtani hits 48th homer of the season

September 18, 2024

Yamamoto goes 8 innings and Muncy hits early slam as Dodgers beat Marlins 8-2 for 6th straight win

May 8, 2024

MLB/ Freeman’s 3-run homer helps Dodgers to 9-0 win, dropping Braves out of playoff position

September 17, 2024

Ohtani homers and has 2 steals in Dodgers' 6-4 win over Orioles. He and his dog handle first pitch

August 29, 2024

MLB/ Ohtani hits 11th homer, Buehler solid in return as Dodgers defeat Marlins 6-3 for 4th straight win

May 7, 2024

MLB/ Dodgers beat Cubs 10-8. Ohtani homers and steals a base

September 12, 2024
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Student arrested after 8 injured in hammer attack at university
TV scenes cut of ex-SMAP member embroiled in sex scandal
Kyoto to raise accommodation tax up to 10,000 yen a day
Toyama, Osaka make the NYT’s list of places to go in 2025
Indian spices up dinner tables with family cooking prowess
Lodging facility for foreign tourists agitates quiet Tokyo area
Riverside outdoor spa ‘for 1,000 bathers’ open until Feb. 28
Japan flags foreign takeover of 7-Eleven owner as a security issue
Oslo gets lesson in origami cranes at Nobel Prize ceremony
More snowfalls forecast after traffic disrupted around Japan
Videos

More snowfalls forecast after traffic disrupted around Japan

January 10, 2025

Sony Honda’s first EV set for 2026 debut in U.S., self-driving

January 7, 2025

Nippon Steel calls Biden out for ‘illegally’ blocking deal

January 7, 2025

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15432363 
 ----- 
