Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Mets plan to 'get right back up' in winner-take-all Game 3
Share
Mets plan to 'get right back up' in winner-take-all Game 3
New York leads for much of Game 2 before Maton surrenders three runs in 8th inning
October 3rd, 2024

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- Game 161 of this Mets season, Carlos Mendoza reflected on Wednesday, “is going to be a game that people will be talking about forever.” That victory in the first game of a doubleheader against the Braves clinched the Mets a postseason berth. But it also did so much more for them. In vanquishing their longtime tormentors in Atlanta, the Mets proved -- for the umpteenth time this season -- that they can overcome even the thinnest odds.

It’s a skill they’ll need to draw upon one more time on Thursday in their highest-stakes game in two years. After losing National League Wild Card Series Game 2, 5-3, to the Brewers, the Mets are now set to play in their first win-or-go-home main event: a Game 3 showdown in Milwaukee at 7 p.m. ET.

“Here we are,” Mendoza said. “Got punched today. We’ll get right back up.”

Those punches came in rapid succession in the eighth inning at American Family Field, after Mendoza set up the endgame just the way he wanted it: Ryne Stanek for the seventh, Phil Maton for the eighth, Edwin Díaz for the final three or four outs to nail down a trip to the NL Division Series. The Mets just never got there. Jackson Chourio opened the eighth inning with his second homer of the night, a game-tying shot off Maton, and Garrett Mitchell followed four batters later with a go-ahead, two-run homer.

Related
'I don't take it lightly': Wright humbled as he looks toward Mets immortality

January 8th, 2025

Horwitz lauds 'one of a kind' Wright for earning Mets honor

January 7th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

Wright to have No. 5 retired, enter Mets Hall of Fame on July 19

January 6th, 2025

“I still feel the adrenaline there,” Chourio said about a half hour later. “It was a very special moment for me, and it’s one I'm going to look back on and remember for the rest of my life.”

It was the type of moment that will go down in Brewers lore -- but only if the Mets allow it to. Winning Game 3 would reduce the eighth inning of Game 2 to a mere footnote, a stumbling block along the Mets’ path to bigger and better things.

So far this season, they’ve answered such challenges as a matter of routine. In their sixth game of the season, the Mets found themselves three outs away from falling to 0-6. They wound up winning on a walk-off. By late May, the Mets were 11 games under .500. They wound up blossoming into Major League Baseball’s best team from that point forward. As recently as early September, with their season again melting away in Toronto, Francisco Lindor broke up Bowden Francis’ no-hit bid with a game-tying homer in the ninth inning, allowing the Mets to climb back up the NL Wild Card standings. And of course earlier this week in Atlanta, there was the game that Mendoza will remember forever.

These are just some examples of the Mets’ resilience. Every good team has its share of such moments, but these Mets have long seemed preternaturally good at creating them.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It’s win or go home,” said their Game 2 starter, Sean Manaea. “If anybody can do it, this team can.”

“We’ve been doing it all year, to be honest,” added first baseman Pete Alonso. “We’ve responded to adversity well over the course of this season. I trust in my guys in this clubhouse.”

Alonso 'just one swing away' from breaking through

Within the walls of that room, the Mets feel they are primed to respond one more time. They’ll send Jose Quintana to the mound Thursday and should have their full complement of relievers ready behind him. Maton, whom Mendoza has leaned on heavily all week, said he’s prepared to pitch for a fifth time in six days if needed. Díaz, who was available for a maximum of four outs in Game 2, should be able to give the Mets six in an elimination game.

The Mets can also draw upon their experiences two years ago, when they lost Wild Card Series Game 3 to the Padres. Since MLB moved to its current postseason format in 2022, a dozen Wild Card Series have taken place. Only two of them have gone to a decisive third game, and the Mets -- a chaos team, if ever there was one -- have been involved in both.

“Obviously, losing is not fun but we’ve been responding to adversity all year,” Alonso said. “I’m really excited for this challenge tomorrow. I know they’re equally as excited. … This is what the playoffs are all about -- two great teams going at it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

7:25 PM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mets-let-late-lead-get-away-lose-game-2-to-brewers 
 ----- 
