Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Prospects
History
Podcast
Merch
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
San Diego Padres’ failed 2023 season finally catches up to Josh Hader

The San Diego Padres closer appears to be checking out after his team's frustrating season.

By
Seth Carlson
|
Sep 27, 2023
Sep 20, 2023; San Diego, California, USA; San Diego Padres relief pitcher Josh Hader (71) throws a | Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports

Josh Hader wasn't beating around the bush following yet another crushing San Diego Padres defeat on Monday night.

In a brutally honest exchange with reporters after the loss in San Francisco, Hader claimed he was unavailable for four outs at the end of the game.

Josh Hader, asked his thinking behind not making himself available for 4 outs: "It's the situation that we were at."

Asked to clarify, he said, "Are we in the playoff race?"

Technically, yes, but it would take a miracle, to which he said, "You guys want me to do everything."

— AJ Cassavell (@AJCassavell) September 26, 2023
San Diego Padres closer Josh Hader has given up on a frustrating 2023 season for his team

The southpaw closer effectively quit on his team with just a handful of games remaining in the regular season. Not exactly a great look.

It's not like Monday's loss to the Giants was insignificant either: Padres' ace Blake Snell twirled a gem in what was potentially the final mission in his quest for the 2023 NL Cy Young Award. Snell was ultimately outdueled by San Francisco's Logan Webb, a great pitcher in his own right. And had Josh Hader been available to pitch the late innings, perhaps that would've bought more time for San Diego's offense to heat up late.

Instead, Robert Suarez gave up the winning run in the bottom of the eighth inning, allowing the Giants to slam the door in the ninth. Again, not ideal.

So what does this mean for Josh Hader's future with the San Diego Padres? It certainly appears ominous, to say the least. The 29-year-old left-hander looks content to just run out the clock on what has been a vastly disappointing year for the Friars.

It's likely a lot of players on this team feel similarly, but only Hader felt like he was in a position to make his feelings publicly known. And in this case, the truth may actually set him free from the Padres, while simultaneously burning bridges on his way out.

With a crack at free agency on the way, these remarks don't seem well-timed on Hader's part, either. One can only speculate: if his next team also underperforms, will he quit on them too?

•
Did Padres affect contract extension chances with Michael King as they head to arbitration?
•
Padres fans will be disappointed by first MLB power rankings for 2025
•
Padres heading to arbitration with one unexpected player after settling with 5 others
•
Padres situation at catcher listed as glaring weakness for 2025 campaign
•
Former Padres trade acquisition signs with White Sox as depth options narrow
Home/Padres News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://friarsonbase.com/posts/san-diego-padres-failed-2023-season-josh-hader 
 ----- 
