EDITION
IN
TOI
T20 World Cup 2024
Schedule
Points Table
Teams
T20 World Cup Stats
Today's ePaper
NEWS
SPORTS NEWS
CRICKET NEWS
T20 World Cup 2022: Taskin Ahmed Leads Bangladesh's Nine-Run Win Over The Netherlands
TRENDING
IND vs BAN 3rd T20I
India WC Semi Final
Sutyakumar Yadav
Sanju Samson
Sanju Samson Last Innings
Mayank Yadav
Hardik Pandya
Ravi Bishnoi
Mohammed Shami
Russell Wilson
IND vs BAN 3rd T20I
India WC Semi Final
Sutyakumar Yadav
Sanju Samson
Sanju Samson Last Innings
Mayank Yadav
Hardik Pandya
Ravi Bishnoi
Mohammed Shami
Russell Wilson
IND vs BAN 3rd T20I
India WC Semi Final
Sutyakumar Yadav
Sanju Samson
Sanju Samson Last Innings
Mayank Yadav
Hardik Pandya
Ravi Bishnoi
Mohammed Shami
Russell Wilson
THIS STORY IS FROM OCTOBER 24, 2022
T20 World Cup 2022: Taskin Ahmed leads Bangladesh's nine-run win over the Netherlands
PTI / Updated: Oct 24, 2022, 13:43 IST
SHARE
AA
+
TEXT SIZE
Small
Medium
Large
FOLLOW US
Bangladesh posted 144 for eight after the Netherlands opted to bowl first. In response, the Netherlands were dismissed for 135 in 20 overs. Pacer Taskin Ahmed was the pick of the Bangladesh bowlers with four wickets.
AFP Photo
HOBART: Pacer Taskin Ahmed produced career best figures of 4/25 as Bangladesh bounced back from an insipid batting show to defeat the Netherlands by nine runs in their opening Super-12 game of the T20 World Cup here on Monday.
Paol van Meekeren led the show with a tidy 2/21 as the Netherlands bounced back after the Power Play to restrict Bangladesh to a modest 144 for eight.

Bangladesh needed to lift themselves in the bowling department and they did that via Taskin who helped his team dismiss the opposition for 135.
MATCH HIGHLIGHTS

The fast bowler got into the act straightway, inflicting a twin blow on the first two balls.
Colin Ackermann fought valiantly in his 48-ball 62 but did not get support from the other batters.
This was Bangladesh's first ever win in the second round of a T20 World Cup. They next face South Africa in Sydney on Thursday. The Netherlands on the other hand will take on India.


Defending a modest 145, Bangladesh got off to a sensational start when Taskin rattled the Netherlands with with two wickets off as many balls to send back Vikramjit Singh (0) and Bas de Leede (0).

Bangladesh then effected two run outs of Max O'Dowd (8) and Tom Cooper (0) inside the Power Play to leave the Netherlands' chase in disarray with 15/4 inside four overs.
Just when the Dutch looked to recover, the veteran Shakib Al Hasan removed his counterpart Sctott Edwards (16) with a delivery going down the leg side.
At the other end, rookie Hasan Mahmud calmly went about his way with his skiddy and quick arm action and returned with miserly figures 4-1-15-2 to edge them closer to a come-from-behind win.


Earlier, Van Meekeren triggered the Bangladesh collapse dismissing Soumya Sarkar (14; 14b; 2x4) inside the Power Play as Bangladesh went on to lose five wickets for 33 runs.
It was Atif Hossan who held the innings together at one end with a spirited 27-ball 38 but there was hardly any support for him in the middle with the likes of skipper Shakib Al Hasan and Litton Das (9) getting out cheaply.
Afif slammed two boundaries and as many sixes with Mosaddek Hossain (12-ball 20 not out; 2x4, 1x6) giving him company to prop up the total.
Making his T20 World Cup debut, 19-year-old leg-spinner Shariz Ahmed had the prized scalp of Shakib when the Bangladesh star skipper miscued a slog sweep to be caught at square boundary. Ahmed returned with impressive figures of 3-0-27-1.
Playing two young spinners was a bold decision by the Dutch skipper Scott Edwards as 20-year-old leftarm spinner Tim Pringle also returned with a tidy 2-0-10-1 to dent Bangladesh's recovery.


Sent in, Bangladesh got off to a solid start with Najmul Hossain Shanto (25) and Soumya Sarkar (14) putting on a 43-run opening wicket partnership in five overs.
Sarkar took on Fead Klaasen who looked wayward as he smashed the Dutch pacer for two boundaries to get them off to a flier.
Left-handed Shanto also played a perfect foil as he cracked back to back fours against Bas de Leede as Bangladesh cruised to 33 for no loss.
But a change of ends to Van Meekeren did the trick for the Dutch as the pacer gave the vital breakthrough of Sarkar that brought on the imminent collapse.
Rain came to Bangladesh's rescue briefly after they slipped to 63/4 in the 10th over.

End of Article
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Visual Stories
Previous

2nd Test: India beat Bangladesh by seven wickets to sweep series

SPORTS

2nd Test, Day 4: India push for victory with T20-style batting

SPORTS

2nd Test, Day 1: B'desh 107/3 vs India on rain-shortened opening day

SPORTS

Ashwin shines as India hammer Bangladesh in Chennai Test

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 3: India hold upper hand despite spirited Bangladesh chase

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 2: India in box seat after Bumrah takes four-for vs B'desh

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 1: Ashwin, Jadeja dig India out of trouble vs B'desh

SPORTS

France waves farewell to Paralympics with spectacular ceremony

SPORTS

Navdeep's gold, Simran's bronze take India's medal tally to 29

SPORTS

Paris Paralympics: India's flag bearers for closing ceremony

SPORTS
Next
Photostories
Bigg Boss 18: Confirmed list of the contestants of Salman Khan hosted controversial show
Schengen visa denials: 5 countries with the highest rejection rates
6 mantras that are believed to help students develop focus and concentration
5 countries with the best anti-aircraft missile systems in the world
Sanjay Dutt-Manyata to Hardik Pandya-Natasa Stankovic: Bollywood couples who renewed their wedding vows
8 animals that help Earth heal and how
5 psychology tips to be more mature in life and relationships
From keeping his second marriage under wraps to converting to Islam; A look at Bigg Boss 18 contestant Vivian Dsena's Personal Life revelations
10 most powerful countries in the world in 2024
TOP SPORTS NEWS
Womens T20 WC Full Schedule
India Womens T20 World Cup
Live Cricket Score
ICC Rankings
WWE News
Football News
NFL News
TOP TRENDING
Ric Flair
Navi Mumbai Airport
Prince Harry
NFL Week Season
Actor Nithin
IPL Franchises
Ayudha Puja Date
Ratan Tata
Kali Crown Bangladesh
Diddy List
Trending Stories
In Sports
Entire Website
'I have failed a lot': Sanju Samson opens up on personal struggles after India's 3-0 clean sweep over Bangladesh
Mayank Yadav makes history by joining exclusive T20I record club for India
What India must do to qualify for the ICC Women's T20 World Cup semi-finals
'Small milestone': India spinner Ravi Bishnoi becomes youngest to ...
'You feel like doing more': Hardik Pandya credits Suryakumar Yadav and Gautam Gambhir for his performance in Bangladesh T20Is
'Kya hoga bhai': Sanju Samson reveals his comeback story after 'two ducks'
'No one is bigger than team': Suryakumar Yadav recalls Gautam Gambhir's words
3rd T20I Highlights: Sanju Samson fires maiden ton as India complete series sweep against Bangladesh
India vs Bangladesh Highlights, 3rd T20I: Ton-up Samson, Surya shine as India complete 3-0 series sweep
EXPLAINED: Why Mohammed Shami didn't make India's Test squad for New Zealand series
About us
Create Your Own Ad
Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
RSS
Newsletter
Feedback
ePaper
Sitemap
Archives
FOLLOW US ON
OTHER TIMES GROUP NEWS SITES
The Economic Times
Hindi Economic Times
Navbharat Times
Maharashtra Times
Vijaya Karnataka
Telugu Samayam
Tamil Samayam
Malayalam Samayam
I am Gujarat
TimesPoints
Indiatimes
Brand Capital
Education Times
Times Food
Mumbai Mirror
Bangalore Mirror
Hindi Podcast
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Headlines
Sports News
Business News
India News
World News
Bollywood News
Health+ Tips
Indian TV Shows
Celebrity Photos
Technology News
HOT ON THE WEB
Karwa Chauth
Bigg Boss 18 Contestants List
Dussehra 2024 Wishes
Tadoba National Park
Dussehra Messages
Jigra Collection
Vettaiyan
Belly Fat
Beetroot Benefits
Optical illusion
TOP TRENDS
Baba Siddique Death News Live
Russell Wilsons
Baba Siddique Death
Sanju Samson
Who was Baba Siddique
Mayank Yadav
India Team Qualifying Scenario
Mahadev Betting App
Amazon Layoffs
Ratan Tata Dies
CBSE Class 10 12 Practical Exam
Popular Schools in Navi Mumbai
Management Colleges of India
Top Medical Colleges of India
Top Engineering Colleges of India
Top Pharmacy Colleges of India
Live Cricket Score
TRENDING TOPICS
Diwali Wishes
Dussehra 2024 Quotes
Dussehra Wishes
Vettaiyan OTT Release
Vettaiyan Collection
Vettaiyan Review
Natasa Stankovic
Devara Collection
Bigg Boss 18
Deepika Padukone
Shraddha Kapoor
Ratan Tata Passed Away
Jigra Movie Review
Vettaiyan Movie Review
Swatantrya Veer Savarkar
Dussehra 2024
Elon Musk
Dussehra Whatsapp Status
Ultimate Football Codes October 2024
Wordle Answer
LIVING AND ENTERTAINMENT
ETimes
Travel Destinations
Cricbuzz.com
TV
Lifestyle
Newspaper Subscription
Food News
Times Prime
Whats Hot
SERVICES
CouponDunia
TechGig
TimesJobs
Bollywood News
Times Mobile
Gadgets
Careers
Colombia
LATEST NEWS
Accused did recce of Baba Siddiqui's house, monitored him for months: Mumbai Police
Paras Mhambrey joins Mumbai Indians as bowling coach
Sena vs Sena: Dusshera rallies in Mumbai turn political as Shinde, Uddhav take aim at each other
Taurus, Weekly Horoscope, October 13 to October 19, 2024: Focus on gains and accomplishments
Can a dash of cinnamon in your coffee speed up belly fat loss?
Roblox dismisses claims made by Hindenburg report: "...don't support their agenda"
'Procrastination greatest thief of time': HC junks 'belated case'
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat: Hindus must take lessons from Bangladesh violence
TapSwap Daily Codes for October 13, 2024: Earn coins and cryptocurrency by completing tasks
2 flee Uttarakhand jail. Did they escape as Ramlila ‘vanars’ looking for Sita?
Scorpio, Weekly Horoscope, October 13 to October 19, 2024: Health and self-care are essential
Numerology Predictions Today, October 13, 2024: Read your personalised forecast for numbers 1 to 9
Did you know NTR is the only actor to play both Lord Rama and Ravana?
Vijay celebrates 'GOAT' success as Venkat Prabhu's directorial earns 100 crore share in Tamil Nadu
Loneliness across generations: Why is it important to address this hidden danger?
For 500 years, this village in Madhya Pradesh worships Ravan as ‘Kul Devta’
Leo, Daily Horoscope Today, October 13, 2024: Keep your plans and strategies to yourself
Hurricane Milton triggers EF-3 Tornado in Florida's Palm Beach County, leaving seven injured
Copyright © 2024 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
We care about your privacy
We and our 750 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Show Purposes link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/icc-mens-t20-world-cup/t20-world-cup-2022-bangladesh-beat-netherlands-by-9-runs/articleshow/95062358.cms 
 ----- 
