CLOSE
Weather
29°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
Deja vu: For second straight year, Texas’ CFP hopes end with excruciating semifinal loss
How could Texas politics influence UT president search after Hartzell’s departure?
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Rangers have been road warriors all postseason. Now their World Series chances hinge on it
In order to force the series back to Arlington, Texas must win at least one out in the desert.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Oct. 29, 2023
|
Updated 9:30 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers third baseman Josh Jung stretches prior to a workout at Chase Field in preparation for Game 3 of the World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Sunday, Oct. 29, 2023, in Phoenix.(Smiley N. Pool / Staff Photographer)

PHOENIX — The Rangers began their final road trip of the year Sunday.

It will determine if there is one more homestand to be had.

All they must do to ensure it: become the winningest postseason road team in Major League Baseball history.

Hey, no pressure, fellas.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

With the World Series tied at one game apiece, the next three games are at peculiar Chase Field. Game 3, often pivotal in a best-of-7 series, is Monday at 7:03 p.m.

To keep the season alive for potential games back in Arlington, the Rangers are going to have to win at least one game in the desert. Along with the 2019 Washington Nationals and 1996 New York Yankees, who ended up as world champs, the Rangers have won all eight of their road games. No team has won nine in a single postseason. They have done this after posting a losing road record during the regular season, including being shut out 1-0 on the final day of the season when a win would have clinched the division. Team Paradox.

ADVERTISEMENT
The Rangers have been playoff road warriors.(Michael Hogue)
Related:Can Max Scherzer give the Rangers something they haven’t gotten yet in the World Series?

How exactly has this happened?

Have we found a way to put a shrugging-shoulders emoji in print yet? Guess not. So this will have to do:

ADVERTISEMENT

“I don’t know that there was any team bonding moment or anything like that,” third baseman Josh Jung said. “We just had to do it. At this stage in the game, you don’t have another choice but to go out there and put a good performance together on the road. We realized we had to do it the hard way on the road to get to the World Series.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Unlike Tampa Bay, Baltimore and Houston, their three previous playoff whistle-stops, the Rangers did not win a game at Arizona this year. They played twice in August at the nadir of the team’s season, in the middle of an eight-game losing streak and the outset of a 4-16 skid that saw them drop out of first in the American League West. The two-game sweep in Phoenix began with the Rangers blowing a 1-0 lead in the ninth inning, then blowing another lead in the 11th. One game, two blown saves.

Since then, the road has gotten longer, but kinder. The Rangers have played 15 of their last 21 games on the road, going straight from a week at Anaheim and Seattle into the playoffs at Tampa Bay. It’s hard on the body but might actually have been good for the collective soul. They are 11-4.

Related:‘Bumpy, but exciting’: How Rangers turned daunting road trip into a season-defining one

“You do spend more time together on the road,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “That can bring a team together and just build that chemistry you love about a club.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Apparently, though, there are no campfires or s’mores.

They will have to do it a bit differently, though, this time. At Tampa Bay, they turned to Jordan Montgomery and Nathan Eovaldi. In Baltimore, a combo effort and Montgomery. In Houston: Eovaldi and Montgomery. Twice.

ADVERTISEMENT

On Monday, they turn to Max Scherzer, who hasn’t won a game in seven weeks, partly because he was out for five of them with a shoulder issue. On Tuesday: Who knows? By the time they get around to Eovaldi again, they could be facing elimination.

“Since I’ve been here, there’s been moments where you think the team is going to fold over, and it absolutely snaps back the other way and punches the other guy in the face,” Scherzer said. “It finds a way to go out there and win a bunch of games in a row. That’s just been the team’s M.O. We go out there and handle our business.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Scherzer knows a thing or two about winning on the road in the postseason. He’s the only guy on this roster who also played for those 2019 Nationals, who won eight road playoff games, including four in the World Series to beat Houston.

There are obstacles to extending the winning streak, of course. Start with the D-backs offense, which has been aggressive and daring and has challenged the Rangers. Add in the pitching: Merrill Kelly on Saturday had his lowest percentage of pitches in the middle of the strike zone all year and his highest percentage of balls on the shadow of the plate. And, according to MLB Statcast, he also got the benefit of five pitches off the plate that were called strikes.

ADVERTISEMENT

Game 3 starter Brandon Pfaadt said Sunday that Kelly’s plan provided a road map. The last time Pfaadt faced the Rangers, on May 3, he gave up four homers. It was his MLB debut. He’s changed since then. So have the Diamondbacks. And the Rangers, too.

They are a playoff road juggernaut.

ADVERTISEMENT

“In ‘19, we proved you can win every game on the road,” Scherzer said. “It is possible. So that’s cool.”

And the Rangers don’t even have to win every game on the road now.

ADVERTISEMENT

But they must win at least one.

X: @Evan_P_Grant

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

More about:
World Series 2023
By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
2
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
3
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
4
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
5
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/10/29/rangers-have-been-road-warriors-all-postseason-now-their-world-series-chances-hinge-on-it/ 
 ----- 
