Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
US winter storm
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Kelly dominates after Korea detour as Diamondbacks rout Rangers 9-1 to tie World Series 1-all
1 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly throws against the Texas Rangers during the first inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

2 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Alek Thomas (5) and Geraldo Perdomo celebrate after Game 2 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Diamondbacks won 9-1. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

3 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Geraldo Perdomo (2) and Corbin Carroll (7) celebrate after Game 2 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Diamondbacks won 9-1. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

4 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Geraldo Perdomo, left, and Ketel Marte celebrate after Game 2 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Diamondbacks won 9-1. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

5 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Gabriel Moreno celebrates after hitting a home run against the Texas Rangers during the fourth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

6 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks celebrate after Gabriel Moreno’s home run against the Texas Rangers during the fourth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)

7 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Ketel Marte hits a two-run single against the Texas Rangers during the eighth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

8 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Tommy Pham celebrates after hitting a single against the Texas Rangers during the eighth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)

9 of 15 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Jordan Montgomery holds his hat after giving up a home run to Arizona Diamondbacks’ Gabriel Moreno during the fourth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

Read More
10 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly reacts to the end of the sixth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

11 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Alek Thomas celebrates after a double against the Texas Rangers during the seventh inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

12 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Gabriel Moreno celebrates a home run against the Texas Rangers during the fourth inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

13 of 15 |  

Texas Rangers second baseman Marcus Semien throws Arizona Diamondbacks’ Corbin Carroll out at first during the first inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

14 of 15 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Jordan Montgomery looks back after being pulled during the seventh inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

15 of 15 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly throws against the Texas Rangers during the first inning in Game 2 of the baseball World Series Saturday, Oct. 28, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)

BY  RONALD BLUM
Updated 12:15 PM UTC, October 29, 2023
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Merrill Kelly called his four-season detour to South Korea a “Lost in Translation” experience. When he made his World Series debut, it was Texas Rangers batters who were disoriented.

The 35-year-old right-hander pitched three-hit ball over seven innings, Ketel Marte extended his postseason hitting streak to a record 18 games and the Arizona Diamondbacks routed Texas 9-1 on Saturday night to even the World Series at one game apiece.

“At this point in my career, nothing is going to shock me,” Kelly said. “I think going over to Korea as a 26-year-old is way scarier than pitching in the big leagues or even in the World Series.”

Kelly struck out nine, walked none and allowed his only run on Mitch Garver’s leadoff homer in the fifth on a sinker at the bottom of the strike zone. His 22 called strikes were the most for a Series pitcher since Stephen Strasburg in Game 6 for the 2019 Washington Nationals.

MORE SPORTS NEWS
AP Top 25 Takeaways: No. 6 OU upset; No. 8 Oregon flexes; No. 1 UGA, No. 4 FSU roll before CFP debut
Neal scores go-ahead TD with 55 seconds left, KU holds on to beat No. 6 Oklahoma 38-33
Pistons overcome Zach LaVine’s 51 points to beat the Bulls 118-102

“I thought he might go nine innings today at one point,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said, contemplating what would have been the first complete game in the World Series since 2015. “But for that to happen, 89 pitches, you’ve got to jump him up probably another 35. I wasn’t going to let him throw 120 pitches.”

Gabriel Moreno hit a go-ahead homer in a two-run fourth against Jordan Montgomery, and Tommy Pham went 4 for 4 with a pair of doubles. Arizona batters broke it open late as the young Diamondbacks rebounded quickly from an agonizing defeat the night before.

Marte had a two-run single in a three-run eighth, snapping a tie for the longest postseason hitting streak with Derek Jeter, Manny Ramírez and Hank Bauer. Marte has a hit in every postseason game he’s ever played.

A night after wasting a two-run, ninth-inning lead in a 6-5, 11-inning loss, the Diamondbacks outhit Texas 16-4 — the most hits for one team in a Series game in nine years.

Emmanuel Rivera also had a two-run single, and rookie Corbin Carroll had a pair of RBI singles. Lourdes Gurriel Jr. and 38-year-old Evan Longoria each singled in a run for Arizona, which got its first World Series road win after four losses dating to 2001.

The best-of-seven Series, just the third between wild-card teams, shifts to Arizona for Game 3 on Monday in the first Series game at Phoenix since 2001.

Texas has won all eight of its road games this postseason, equaling a major league record.

“We’d be naive to think that we’re going to run away with four in a row against a team that really fights hard like the same way we did,” Rangers first baseman Nathanial Lowe said.

Kelly was drafted by Tampa Bay in 2010 and had spent six seasons in the minors when he was told by pitcher Doug Mathis he had been spotted by a South Korean scout while pitching in Rochester, New York. Kelly’s agents at Apex Baseball arranged a contract and Kelly spent 2015-18 with SK Wyverns in Incheon.

“I definitely had visions and images about me sitting on this podium,” Kelly said in the postgame interview room, recounting how he got up each morning, made coffee and checked MLB games. “It felt literally and figuratively miles away.”

In an on-field interview with MLB Network, he called it “Lost in Translation” type stuff, referring to the 2003 Sofia Coppola movie of cultural displacement, saying “as far as how they view pitching, for four years I pretty much had to figure it out myself.”

“The coaches that I had, the translation factor, obviously, is a bit of a hindrance,” he said later in the interview room. “At the end of the day, I think what helped over there the most is almost being my own voice and my own pitching coach.”

Kelly made his big league debut with Arizona in 2019 and is 48-43. He went 12-8 with a 3.29 ERA in 30 starts this season and is 3-1 with a 2.25 ERA in four postseason starts.

He went to only one three-ball count Saturday.

“Just great command. He hit his spots all night, four pitches. He was on,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said.

Kelly’s grandmother June was at the game and he looked forward to seeing her for the first time since a 2011 visit when he was driving to spring training with his wife.

Kelly’s brother Reid also was in the stands. Last year, Merrill took Reid to Game 3 of the World Series in Philadelphia.

“His birthday is Halloween,” Merrill Kelly said. “He texted me the other day saying that obviously this is probably the best birthday present I could give him.”

PHAM-TASTIC

Pham, a trade-deadline acquisition from the New York Mets, entered in a 3-for-29 skid that included a Game 1 homer. He singled in the second, hit opposite-field doubles to right in the fourth and sixth, and singled in the eighth. He also was picked off second base by Montgomery.

Pham was inspired by Kurt Reece’s self-help book “Good Is The Enemy Of Great.”

“One of my mentors, who the St. Louis Cardinals hired, he gave it to a group of us to read that were hand-chosen from the Cardinals to work with him,” Pham said. “Highly recommend it.”

SLOW DOWN

Montgomery, coming off his second big league relief appearance, a win in Game 7 of the ALCS at Houston on Monday, had a velocity dip of about 1.5 mph from his season average. Diamondbacks batters failed to make contact on just two of the 37 pitches they swung at.

“Sometimes you’ve just got to grit,” he said.

FAST PACE

At 2 hours, 59 minutes, it was the quickest World Series game since 2017.

WEB GEMS

Rangers rookie third baseman Josh Jung dove into foul territory to snag Christian Walker’s fourth-inning grounder, then popped to his feet to throw out Walker at first. ... Walker leaped to make a barehand grab of Jonah Heim’s fifth-inning grounder that hit first base and flipped to Kelly covering for the out.

UP NEXT

Texas RHP Max Scherzer, who is 0-1 with a 9.45 ERA in a pair of postseason starts this year, appears for his third different World Series team in Game 3 after pitching for Detroit and Washington. Rookie RHP Brandon Pfaadt has a 2.70 ERA without a decision in four postseason games for Arizona.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border...
President-elect Donald Trump is preparing more than 100 executive orders starting...
AP News
Lawsuit alleges racial and gender discrimination led to an...
The family of a Air Force contractor who was killed when she walked into a rotatin...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
8 Things To Know About Lupus and Autoi mmune Conditions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Attack on Chad's presidential palace leaves 19 dead
State media in Chad say an attack on the presidential palace left 18 assailants dea...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Heart Wind Spinn er Is Taking Iowa By...
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/world-series-game-2-diamondbacks-rangers-kelly-a1bb4e8fa2ab89fda2ac1bbb9d85a234 
 ----- 
