SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR $1/WEEK

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
With Fans Ever More Fickle, Sports Leagues Warm to Rule Changes

Baseball’s pitch clock is just one example of how professional sports are competing for public attention in an ever-evolving entertainment world.

Share full article
48
The pitch clock counting down from 30 seconds during a game between the Texas Rangers and Philadelphia Phillies in Arlington, Texas, in April.
Credit...
Emil T. Lippe/Associated Press

By Joe Drape and Tania Ganguli

Joe Drape reported from Arlington, Texas, and New York, and Tania Ganguli from New York

Oct. 28, 2023

Texas Rangers fans are hoping the slugger Adolis Garcia can blast the franchise to its first World Series title. Arizona supporters know the Diamondbacks need to continue being greedy on the basepaths if they’re to capture a second championship. Everyone else watching has already won, thanks to a pitch clock, bigger bases and a made-over American pastime that is faster and more balletic and gets them to bed earlier.

After some early season anxiety about the economic and aesthetic impact of speeding up a Major League Baseball game, the numbers are in, showing that tinkering with the rules of what some consider a hidebound sport paid off both financially and perceptually.

The average nine-inning regular-season game was the shortest in 38 years — 2 hours 39 minutes 49 seconds, or 24 minutes less than last season and down 30 minutes from 2021. Only nine games lasted three and a half hours or longer. In 2021, that number was 390, the most in baseball history.

More than 70.7 million people attended a regular-season game, a nearly 10 percent increase over last season. That was the highest percentage of growth in 30 years, and the league recorded record revenue in merchandise and sponsorship sales. Major League Baseball estimates that the rule changes resulted in a $500 million increase in its revenue.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

In an ever-evolving world where a better entertainment option is a swiped iPhone screen away, being able to respond nimbly to what a fan base wants has become critical.

The other major sports leagues — the National Basketball Association, the National Football League and the National Hockey League — have also tweaked rules recently to address questions of fan interest. And while there are always those who decry changes that affect how the games are played, the overwhelming reaction from ticket buyers and TV viewers has been positive.

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Joe Drape has been writing about the intersection of sports, culture and money since coming to The Times in 1998. He has also pursued these lines of reporting as the author of two best-selling books. More about Joe Drape

Tania Ganguli has covered the N.B.A. for The Times since 2021. Previously she covered the Lakers for The Los Angeles Times and a variety of sports for other newspapers around the country. More about Tania Ganguli

A version of this article appears in print on Oct. 29, 2023, Section A, Page 30 of the New York edition with the headline: Reshaping the Rules For a Digital World Pays Off for Leagues. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: Major League Baseball, N.H.L., N.B.A., National Football League
READ 48 COMMENTS
Share full article
48

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptionsYour Privacy Choices

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2023/10/28/business/baseball-rule-changes-pitch-clock.html 
 ----- 
