NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Dodgers survive hitless night by Shohei Ohtani to beat the Orioles
Associated Press
August 30, 2024 - 1:31am
Play Video
Austin Barnes laced a two-run double and the Los Angeles Dodgers bullpen went four shutout innings to clinch a 6-3 win over the Baltimore Orioles.
0 comments

LOS ANGELES — Bobby Miller gave up two hits in five strong innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers survived an 0-for-5 outing by Shohei Ohtani to beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-3 on Thursday night, taking two of three in the interleague matchup between two of baseball’s best teams.

Every Dodger except Ohtani had a hit as the team rapped out 14 hits while winning for the eighth time in 10 games.

The Japanese superstar flied out four times and was retired on a called third strike one night after he hit his 42nd home run and stole his 41st and 42nd bases.

Miller (2-3) allowed three runs, struck out three and walked three.

Evan Phillips pitched the ninth to earn his 17th save.

The Dodgers put up four runs on five hits in the fourth, extending their lead to 5-0.

Chris Taylor singled and Gavin Lux had a ground-rule double to open the inning before both scored on Austin Barnes' RBI double in his first game back from the injured list. Barnes scored on Mookie Betts' single. Burch Smith came on and gave up an RBI single to Miguel Rojas.

The Orioles closed to 5-3 in the fifth on Colton Cowser’s three-run shot, just their second hit of the game. They finished with four hits.

Baltimore loaded the bases in the seventh off reliever Daniel Hudson. After two quick outs, he gave up a single to Jackson Holliday and back-to-back walks to Cowser and Adley Rutschman. Blake Treinen came in and got All-Star Gunnar Henderson on a swinging strikeout.

The Dodgers loaded the bases in the eighth and Tommy Edman's sacrifice fly with two outs extended their lead to 6-3.

Orioles starter Cade Povich (1-7) gave up five runs and 10 hits, struck out three and walked one.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Orioles: RHP Zach Eflin (shoulder) could be in line to start Sunday at Colorado. ... LHP Danny Coulombe (biceps) has resumed throwing off the mound.

Dodgers: 1B Freddie Freeman returns Friday at Ariziona after missing three games to rest his broken right middle finger.

UP NEXT

Orioles: RHP Albert Suárez (6-4, 3.18 ERA) makes his first start at Colorado since 2017 on Friday.

Dodgers: LHP Clayton Kershaw (2-2, 3.72) starts Friday.

MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Canada's next generation looks toward 2026 WBC
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/dodgers-survive-hitless-night-by-shohei-ohtani-to-beat-the-orioles/ 
 ----- 
