Skip to main content
LIVE
Menu
Close
DONATE
Search
DON'T MISS:
Remembering Jimmy Carter Winter Storm Latest TV Highlights This Week
Messages
Banner Image
Section Branding
Header Content
Tagged as: 
NEWS SPORTS
Shohei Ohtani's dog 'throws out' 1st pitch at Dodgers game

August 29, 2024 3:48 PM

By:
Emma Bowman
Share this page
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on Email
Share this page on Print
Primary Content

Caption

Los Angeles Dodger Shohei Ohtani high-fives his dog Decoy, who delivered the ceremonial first pitch before Wednesday's game against the Baltimore Orioles at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. / Getty Images

Los Angeles Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani, whose career has been likened to baseball great Babe Ruth’s legendary start in pro ball, was upstaged on Wednesday night by his own dog.

The player’s pup Decoy, “threw out” the ceremonial first pitch before a game against the Baltimore Orioles.

Ohtani carried Decoy — who wore his own custom jersey — to the pitcher’s mound, where the dog waited for his owner’s signal to pick up the ball with his mouth before running it to Ohtani behind the plate. The designated hitter got a high-five from his furry friend and rewarded him with a treat. The play was met with raucous applause from the sellout crowd of more than 53,000 people at Dodger Stadium.

"I think I was more nervous with the ceremonial pitch than Decoy," Ohtani told reporters after the game through a translator. "I'm glad everything went well."

NPR HTML Block

The Japanese player said it took him three weeks to train Decoy, a Dutch Kooikerhondje.

“It was a really special night,” Ohtani said. “I hope to buy a special snack for him.”

The 30-year-old pitcher-hitter is looking to make Major League history as the first player to notch 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases (He's currently eight away on both counts). But his dog is the first canine to perform the ceremonial pitch at a Dodgers game, according to ESPN.

Decoy impressed the Dodgers manager

“I was really impressed that that dog was already that trained,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “I guess if it’s Shohei’s dog then nothing should be that surprising.”

Decoy made his MLB debut last year when Ohtani revealed the name of his dog, after the Dodger was awarded his second American League MVP title.

“His name is Dekopin,” Ohtani told reporters at the time. “That’s a Japanese name. I figured it’d be hard for American people to pronounce it. He has an American name, it’s Decoy.”

“Dekopin” is Japanese for “flicking someone’s forehead.”

The gesture is a popular prank among schoolchildren in Japan, reported Kyodo News.

Decoy’s star turn follows a newsy summer for canine baseball celebrity. Last month, a 13-year-old dog named Layla retired from her bat retrieval duties after six years with a Philadelphia Phillies minor league team, the Clearwater Threshers. Her successor, Lucy May, went viral this past weekend for an impromptu potty break on her first night on the job.

Tags: dogs  MLB  Baseball  shohei ohtani 
Bottom Content
DONATE
Support Quality Journalism

GPB is committed to bringing you comprehensive news coverage from Georgia, across the country and around the world.  Your support makes this possible.  Please consider making a gift today to support this vital public service.

SUPPORT GPB
Newsletter Signup
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS
CONNECT WITH GPB
Connect with GPB on Facebook
Connect with GPB on Instagram
Connect with GPB on Twitter
Connect with GPB on YouTube
Connect with GPB on Apple News
Footer
Footer First Nav (Main Menu)
Watch
Listen
Learn
News
Sports
Events
Kids & Family
Support Us
Footer Second Nav Menu
Help Center
About GPB
Contact Us
Closed Captioning
Directions
Studio Production
Program Submissions
Footer Third Nav Menu
Support Us
Careers
Accessibility
FCC Public Files
Drawing Rules
News Media Request
Open Records and Document Retention Policy
Privacy Policy
Georgia Public Broadcasting

260 14th St. NW
Atlanta, GA 30318


(404) 685-2400 In Atlanta
 
(800) 222-4788 Outside Atlanta
ask@gpb.org
© Copyright 2025, Georgia Public Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. Georgia Public Radio® GPTV®
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gpb.org/news/2024/08/29/shohei-ohtanis-dog-throws-out-1st-pitch-at-dodgers-game 
 ----- 
