skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketNamibia vs England Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: ENG beat NAM by 41 runs in Antigua
Namibia vs England Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: ENG beat NAM by 41 runs in Antigua
Namibia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: England secured their Super 8 spot after win in this game and Australia's victory over Scotland.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 16, 2024 12:09 IST
Follow Us
NAM vs ENG Live Score, T20 World Cup Match Today: Get Namibia vs England Live Updates at Antigua.

Namibia vs England Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Inspired bowling performance from England take them to a 41-run victory in a run-curtailed 10-over game against Namibia in match 34 of the T20 World Cup at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua in T20 World Cup 2024 on Saturday.

Earlier, cameos from Harry Brook and Jonny Bairstow have taken England to 122/5 in 10 overs after Namibia skipper Gerhard Erasmus won the toss and opted to bowl first on a slightly tricky wicket.

With the win England is level on points (5) with Scotland who have a game in hand against Australia. A win for Scotland against Australia will take them through to the Super Eight round and will eliminate England from the competition.

Scroll down to follow the highlights from the ENG vs NAM game as it happened

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 34
Namibia
84/3 (10.0)
vs
England
122/5 (10.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 34 )
England beat Namibia by 41 runs (DLS method)
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Namibia vs England AS IT HAPPENED, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch all the updates from the NAM vs ENG World T20 game from Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua.
05:48 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: England will have one eye on AUS vs SCO game

The equation is simple for Scotland: a win will see them through. A washout, which is unlikely, will also suffice. However, a defeat will bring the NRR into play, as both Scotland and England are on five points. However, England have the advantage: their NRR is +3.611 while Scotland's is +2.164.

03:42 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Harry Brook after the game

There was a lot of anxiety going around, we didn't quite think we were going to get out there. Thankfully it stopped (raining) and we got the game. We batted first, we took quite a bit of information from our batting to the fielding. Topley started beautifully. It was tough from them. Facing spin in the middle was quite tough, didn't quite know how it's going to come off the pitch. I just tried to stick in there, I was trying to hit boundaries. I am glad I got a few runs. He (Bairstow) was just banging it, he was trying to smack. He batted beautifully there. Hopefully I can stay up for it (Australia vs Scotland).

03:31 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG beat NAM by 41 runs in Antigua

Well, that's it folks it is England who are victorious. It has not been a complete performance from them but they have got the two points. Harry Brook played his best game of the tournament when the side needed the most and the bowling is something Buttler would reckon will need some improvement if they go forward. The win will take England to five points however, their games are done. Scotland who will face Australia in a couple of overs time are on five points as well and England would be hoping that Australia does a favour to them. As of now, that is it from our end folks.

03:22 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9.1 overs NAM 81/2

Since Wiese has walked in it has injected some momentum in this innings. It might not be good enough to win the game however, they are getting closer to England's score which will dent the confidence of a few bowlers if they go forward in the competition.

03:13 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7.4 overs NAM 66/1

Davin has retired himself and in place of him has come Wiese. Is it an attempt from Namibia to try and win this game just to give Wiese some time in the middle is something to be seen. The wicket here in the second innings has become extremely difficult to bat on. With the damp nature now we are also seeing a few balls keeping low. This is turning out to be a tame chase from Namibia. Scotland will be watching this closely and they will have an advantage as they exactly know what to do to against Australia to qualify for Super Eight. 

03:04 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.5 overs NAM 43/0

England have bowled five overs and we can have a result now. Not that it matters anymore as the sun is shining bright in Antigua and it seems like it won't rain anymore. As per the game, there has been a bit of no effort from Namibia in this chase. It is their final game of the World Cup and those who would have expected that they would go down fighting will be disappointed. Jos Buttler on the other hand will be relieved now. After a disappointment in the 2023 World Cup things looked shacky early on but now looks like they are going to go through for the next round.

02:55 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.4 overs NAM 23/0

Powerplay done and it has been a sedate start from Namibia there have been plenty of plays and misses from both openers indicating that the pitch has slowed down significantly seems like the second spell of rain had made the wicket damp. Credit also to Topley who is known to swing the ball up front pulled his length back and kept hitting the hard lengths which made it hard for batters. They are chipping away are England here slowly and steadily Namibia needs a big 20+ runover to get back into the game. As we update Sam Curran has been brought into the attack.

02:46 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.3 overs NAM 6/0

Welcome back! Topley has taken the first over for England he did bowl well apart from one no-ball which did not cost them much. The pitch seems to have slowed down a bit now compared to the first innings where it had a lot more bounce. It will be interesting to see how Namibia will go about this chase as they need 127 runs to win as per the DLS method which means they need to make the most of the Powerplay. England on the other hand need to get through to the fifth over to force a result in this game. 

02:32 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG 122/5 (10 overs) vs NAM in Antigua

That is a massive final over for England 21 runs came off it. Moeen Ali started with a six and got himself out and then Liam Livingstone came in and whacked a couple and took a few cheeky ones and twos in the end to take England to a massive total. It is going to be difficult for Namibia to get there but given it is only a 10-over affair England needs to be wary of it. 

02:22 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9 overs ENG 101/3

This has turned out to be a gem of an innings for Harry Brook. He has climbed onto young Brussels in the last over extracting 19 runs out of it. England has gone pat 100 runs they will be looking to get around that 120 mark in the final over. 

02:18 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs ENG 82/3

We are back the rain has stopped and England will bat for two more overs before Namibia gets their chance to bat. It has been that sort of day folks umpires and groundsmen have been doing to make sure we have a result today. 

02:11 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs ENG 82/3

It is raining and it is raining heavily again here in Antigua. The players have left the ground and everything is covered. England would be hoping the rain ends and they at least have a five-over bowling innings to try and get a result. 

02:08 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs ENG 82/3

Scholtz comes in and gets the breakthrough for Namibia. It was a wider ball that Bairstow tried to cut however, it got the top edge and the keeper took a simple catch. Much needed a wicket as both Brook and Bairstow were running away with it. Moeen Ali has walked into the middle and it is the first time England has a left-hand right-hand combination at the crease. As we update folks it is raining the groundsman are talking position let us hope it stops as England has gotten themselves in an excellent position to score a decent total

01:58 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6 overs ENG 52/2

Not everything Bairstow is slogging is getting timed well however, every time the ball goes onto the outfield it will make it difficult for Namibia bowlers to grip the ball because of all the rain we had. Harry Brook today has come up with the order as well. He has looked switched on and off in the tournament and neither was he batting in a position to which he is accustomed but given the situation of the game today, all he needs to do is try and score the boundary of every ball which might just work in his favor. On the other hand, this is where Nambia needs to be careful and make the most of the good start they got. 

01:48 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.5 overs ENG 29/2

Wiese who was getting a lot of seam moments in the first over picked a wicket of Salt in the second over. The batter tried to play the ball fine toward the third-man region however, the extra bounce did the trick as Salt edged it to the keeper. England has lost now both their openers this is an excellent start for Namibia. One advantage Namibia will have is the ball won't do as much as it is doing now in the second thing as things would dry up a bit more. The ball will also grip and turn because of the moisture on the surface. Bairstow and Harry Brook are in the middle for England.

01:37 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.3 overs ENG 3/1

David Wiese has taken the new ball for Namibia and he started to pitch the ball on hard length and with moisture in the surface the ball did move a bit. Jos Buttler seems to be having a little bit of trouble with that moving ball. One thing that England needs to keep in mind is the more chances they take and the more the ball goes on to the outfield, the more it will get greasy, making it difficult for fast bowlers or spinners from Namibia to grip the ball. As we update left-arm-seamer Trumpelman picks up the big wicket of Jos Buttler. 

01:29 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

The national anthems are done. Dark clouds are looming however, England would be desperately hoping that they complete the game as well. The Powerplay is 3 overs folks and one bowler can bowl a maximum of three overs and the rest have to bowl two each.

01:17 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: NAM playing XI

Nikolaas Davin, Michael van Lingen, Jan Frylinck, JP Kotze, Gerhard Erasmus(c), JJ Smit, David Wiese, Zane Green(w), Ruben Trumpelmann, Bernard Scholtz, Jack Brassell

01:16 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG playing XI

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler(w/c), Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran, Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Reece Topley

01:15 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jos Buttler at toss

It's been frustrating, but delighted to get a game on. We would have done the same. We have two changes. Mark Wood and Will Jacks miss out. Sam Curran and Chris Jordan come in. We need to adapt to the conditions. That's why we have made the changes. Every team is dangerous, especially in these shortened games.

01:15 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Erasmus at toss

We are gonna have a bowl. Pretty easy one in a shortened game, try to know what the opposition have on the board. We've got one change. Coetzee comes in. Gotta compete.

01:00 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Update!

We have an update folks if there is no rain in the next 10 minutes we will  have a toss at 1:10 AM and the game is all set to begin at 1:30 AM IST.

00:49 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Shakib Al Hasan responds to Virender Sehwag’s criticism after Bangladesh win: ‘Nothing to answer to anyone’
Bangladesh veteran Shakib Al Hasan responded to former India batter Virender Sehwag’s comments criticising the all-rounder’s form after shining in a 25-run win over Netherlands on Thursday.

The 37-year-old had underwhelming returns in his side’s previous two Group D encounters, failing to pick up a wicket while scoring eight and three against Sri Lanka and South Africa respectively. However, the southpaw made a crucial turnaround with a 46-ball 64 as Bangladesh made 159 against the Dutch, paving way for a win that has bolstered their Super 8 chances. (Read more)

00:40 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup’s current strike rate is a lowly 103.68 compared to IPL S.R. of 150.58

Ace commentator Ian Bishop best summed up the batting’ pandemonium in the T20 World Cup.

“People were talking about, ‘make bigger grounds,’ ‘put something on the ball for it to swing.’ Put something in the pitch, and you’ll see a different side of batters. That is my point,” Bishop said during New Zealand’s capitulation against the West Indies on Thursday. (Read more from Lalith Kalidas)

00:29 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: What does Hardik Pandya the bowler do for India’s chances in the T20 World Cup?

Suddenly, even as he was expressing his anger-tinged disappointment at how Pakistani batsmen imploded on his YouTube channel, Inzamam-ul-Haq turned to his avuncular persona again as he began to talk about Indian bowlers. He made a very pithy statement about Hardik Pandya: “The way he got the wickets. His usage of short balls. He knew where to bowl.” Awareness. Skill. Execution.

It’s Inzy’s Pandya version that India would hope turns up in Super 8s if India are to beat the tougher teams. For a team that’s still hesitant to use their best spinner in Kuldeep Yadav, they would need Pandya, the intelligent seamer to come through time and again. (Read more from Sriram Veera)

00:19 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Beautiful day in St Lucia

What a beautiful day for a game of cricket in St Lucia! ?????

??????? v ?? begins at 0130 BST… ?#FollowScotland #t20worldcup pic.twitter.com/hOaLQwFPll

— Cricket Scotland (@CricketScotland) June 15, 2024
00:09 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: 2024 isn’t 1992, Babar Azam is no Imran Khan, rain sinks Pakistan

Rain should not intervene. Team A needs to beat Team B. Team C should lend a helping hand. The Net Run Rate should remain in control. On such accidents of fate and variables have hinged Pakistan’s fortunes in recent years. But hope springs eternal; the faith in miracles is unshakeable, till the last ball is bowled, till the precise moment they are mathematically out of the tournament.

It has become so routine for Pakistan that such emotions and attributions have lost novelty and romance. It has turned into a well-worn cliche. Pakistan, in the last group game, were on the brink, praying for divine intervention. So they wanted the rains to ease and the sun to shine in Florida. They hoped Ireland would beat the USA so that they could stay alive in the World Cup. That was not to be. Rain, and consequently, a wet outfield meant the game between USA and Ireland was washed away without a single ball being bowled. Pakistan, with one to go, were knocked out. The one-time World Champions had failed to clear the group phase. (Read more from Sandip G)

23:59 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kamran Akmal claims his brother Umar Akmal has better stats than Virat Kohli in T20 World Cups

A few days ago, 34-year-old Umar Akmal posted his shirtless photo, showing off his six-pack abs as a sign of his fitness. “Attention please. This is for those who think i am not fit,” captioned Umar.

And now his elder brother and former Pakistan wicketkeeper-batter Kamran Akmal has claimed that Umar has got a better stats than Virat Kohli in the T20 World Cups (Read more)

23:49 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Calculators back in pocket, England gets their math right

In a match that lasted 99 deliveries – one short of a complete innings in England’s The Hundred – Jos Buttler’s men pulled off a ruthless win over a hapless Oman. England won with 101 balls remaining, in what was a ‘Net Run Rate 101’ masterclass.

When Buttler won the toss and opted to bowl first, a few eyebrows were raised. Conventional wisdom suggests that a team looking for a NRR boost would opt to bat first, pile on as many runs as possible and then, with the scoreboard pressure on, restrict the opposition to a low total. Oman could have scraped through a total close to 100 and England would have struggled to win by a margin big enough for a serious advantage. (Read more from Vinayakk Mohanrangan)

23:40 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Vaughan questions Babar Azam’s skill-set: ‘He would probably not make T20 teams of India, England or Australia’

Former England batter Michael Vaughan has questioned Pakistan’s white-ball credentials after their T20 World Cup 2024 group-stage exit was confirmed on Friday. Vaughan also placed question marks over the range of talent of skipper Babar Azam and wicketkeeper Mohammad Rizwan after the pair’s underwhelming outings.

To stay alive in the Super 8 chase, Pakistan required Ireland to beat the United States. However, persistent rain washed out the tie in Florida, pushing US through to their maiden Super 8 spot alongside India from Group A. Pakistan eventually had to pay the price for a Super Over defeat to the United States and a nervy six-run defeat to India earlier in the tournament. (Read more)

23:31 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: What does Sompal Kami’s six off Anrich Nortje and the thrilling game against South Africa mean for Nepal cricket?

When Sompal Kami walloped a Anrich Nortje delivery in the penultimate over out of the ground, Gyanendra Malla, a former Nepalese player and coach, beamed a smile. It wasn’t just for the quality or audaciousness of the shot under pressure, but for what it symbolised.

In April 2016, the ICC had suspended the Nepal cricket association citing the dual existence of the cricket governing body in Nepal and government interference in the election. Things spiralled out of control in terms of infrastructure, finances, running of domestic cricket and even something as small as a cricket bat. (Read more from Pratyush Raj)

23:19 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Wasim Akram takes a jibe at Babar Azam’s men: ‘Congratulations to the USA… For Pakistan, what’s the plan? EK 601 to Dubai, to their respective cities’

The game between the United States and Ireland was washed out on Friday in the ongoing T20 World Cup 2024 at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Lauderhill, Florida. The result meant the USA qualified for the Super Eight from Group A alongside India and Pakistan got eliminated from the competition.

Former Pakistan cricketer Wasim Akram took a jibe at the Pakistan team speaking on ICC. “For Pakistan, what’s the plan? EK 601 (flight number) to Dubai, to their respective cities. From then, we will see what happens,” he said. Pakistan has a game in hand against Ireland on Sunday however, despite winning the game will take them to only four points meanwhile the USA after all their games is on five points. (Read more)

23:09 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Dale Steyn calls Nepal vs South Africa game of the T20 World Cup: ‘Nepal deserved to win’

Former South Africa quick Dale Steyn believes Nepal’s one-run loss to South Africa on Saturday was the match of the ongoing T20 World Cup.

“It would’ve been the talk of the tournament if Nepal would’ve gotten over the line. It would’ve been fantastic, and they deserved to win,” Steyn was quoted by the ICC. (Read more)

22:59 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: India vs Canada abandoned without toss owing to wet outfield

India’s final Group A match at the 2024 T20 World Cup on Saturday was abandoned without a ball being bowled due to wet outfield, with both the teams awarded a point each.

With incessant rains in Lauderhill, Florida, the fate of the game was hanging by a thread already and despite the weather being clear by the time of the toss, the outfield wasn’t cleared for a game by the match officials. (Read more)

22:50 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Trent Boult confirms 2024 T20 World Cup will be his last for New Zealand

Kiwi pace-spearhead Trent Boult on Saturday confirmed that the ongoing T20 World Cup will be his last for the Black Caps.

“Speaking on behalf of myself this will be my last T20 World Cup, so yeah, that’s all I have to say,” Boult told reporters. (Read more)

22:38 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan cricket’s nafrat ki dukaan and the economics of Outrage industry

He was once the unverified Virat Kohli of Pakistan cricket. Now Ahmed Shehzad, 32, is an angsty, bitter television expert. He has a stage presence and his tone is theatrical. A film critic would add that he is prone to hamming too. Pakistan’s T20 World Cup defeats to USA and India brings out the ‘over-actor’ in him.

Referring to a chit with numbers, he is having a go at the much-maligned captain Babar Azam. “In big tournaments he has an average of 27, strike rate of 112. He is third in the world when it comes to runs scored in defeats. He has 1400 runs,” he says, raising his voice. Then in disdain, he chucks in air the piece of paper that has Babar’s dire numbers. (Read more from Sandeep Dwivedi)

22:28 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: What does Sompal Kami’s six off Anrich Nortje and the thrilling game against South Africa mean for Nepal cricket?

When Sompal Kami walloped a Anrich Nortje delivery in the penultimate over out of the ground, Gyanendra Malla, a former Nepalese player and coach, beamed a smile. It wasn’t just for the quality or audaciousness of the shot under pressure, but for what it symbolised.

In April 2016, the ICC had suspended the Nepal cricket association citing the dual existence of the cricket governing body in Nepal and government interference in the election. Things spiralled out of control in terms of infrastructure, finances, running of domestic cricket and even something as small as a cricket bat. (Read more from Pratyush Raj)

22:19 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rain delays start

It has started to rain in Antigua things are now looking concerning. Once again if no game will be it for the defending champions from the 2024 campaign. 

22:06 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rain delays start

Sad news folks the covers are on. There is no rain and there are blue skies but the outfield seems wet. England needs a game here, or Scotland will qualify with Australia for the Super Eight. We will update you when the game will start if we have one stay with us meanwhile and read lovely pieces from writers. 

21:54 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: What happens if Australia are deemed guilty of trying to engineer England’s ouster

While it remains to be seen whether Australia actually yield to the temptation to play slowly and engineer the ouster of England, should they do so, it will be costly for the team from Down Under.

The team could see captain Mitchell Marsh being banned for up to two of their three Super Eight fixtures. As per the ICC code of conduct (Article 2.11) which deals with “attempts to manipulate an International Match for inappropriate strategic or tactical reasons”… “Team Captain of any team guilty of such conduct shall be held responsible (and subject to sanction) for any offence found to have been committed under this Article.”

This means Marsh could be fined a minimum sanction of a 50% match fee fine, with a maximum of four demerit points and two suspension points – which would rule Marsh out of Australia’s first two Super Eight matches.

21:50 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hazlewood says eliminating England is in Australia’s interest

Hazlewood went on to add: “Whether you get close and you just knock it around and drag it out… There’s a few options there but… to take confidence from winning and winning well, I think that’s almost more important than potentially trying to knock someone else out. They’ve still got a lot to do on their behalf as well, so I think it’ll become clearer the closer we get to that sort of stuff.”

Hazlewood went on to point out that it was strange that run rates from the group stages do not carry over to the Super 8 stage.

“It’s a little bit strange that it doesn’t go through the tournament. This is probably the first T20 World Cup I’ve played that’s set up this way, or first World Cup in general that’s set up this way, so it’s a little bit different. I think the work that you do in the round games and if you go through undefeated and have a good net run-rate, doesn’t really account for much once you’re in the Super Eights. So, yeah, it’s a strange one but that’s how it is.”

21:45 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hazlewood says eliminating England is in Australia’s interest

“In this tournament you potentially come up against England at some stage again and… they’re probably one of the top few teams on their day and we’ve had some real struggles against them in T20 cricket, so if we can get them out of the tournament that’s in our best interest as well as probably everyone else,” Josh Hazlewood said at a press conference after Australia’s win over Namibia on Wednesday. “It’ll be interesting to see. We’ve never really been in this position before as a team, I don’t think, so whether we have discussions or not, we’ll just try and play it again the way we did tonight. That’ll be up to people, not me.”

21:39 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Will Australia yield to temptation vs Scotland to eliminate England? It could cost them dearly part 2

However, if Australia are found to be making an attempt to “game the system”, it could be costly for the side in the Super 8 stages.

England are currently in 4th spot in Group B, having accumulated just one point from two matches. Their Net Run Rate is at -1.800 while Scotland have five points and a NRR of 2.164 with one more game remaining.

This means that England will need to win their last two games. But they also have to hope that Scotland lose their final group game to Australia on Saturday.

21:36 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Will Australia yield to temptation vs Scotland to eliminate England? It could cost them dearly

After chasing down the paltry target of 73 runs posted by Namibia inside the first six overs on Wednesday, the Australian cricket team could possibly yield to temptation and take it easy against Scotland in their next group game. The reason? It could make life difficult for the England cricket team, who are currently in a scramble to make the cut for the Super 8 at the ongoing T20 World Cup.

At least that’s what Australia’s Josh Hazlewood has implied in a press conference on Wednesday. However, he stopped short of saying that Australia would actually try to beat Scotland in a slower-than-needed fashion.

21:32 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Archer’s mentor Roddy Estwick

“I could see him enter a state where he was at peace. And in one of the net sessions, after having bowled medium-pace for a while, I could see him cranking up pace. Batsmen were suddenly not willing to face him. The confidence was growing,” Estwick tell The Indian Express

And then came the bouncer, which Australia Test great Steve Smith once described as ‘felt like drinking a dozen beers’ after getting hit on his helmet. “The bouncer, which is hard to pick, was being delivered effortlessly in the nets. The pace was increasing by the day. So this comeback doesn’t surprise me one bit,” Estwick says.

21:25 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Chris Jordan on Archer

“For him to get the first one out the way, it gives goosebumps to see him take that wicket. He’s phenomenal. To be out of international cricket for so long, to touch 90mph and just look like he never left is awesome. And he will keep getting better with games,” Jordan said.

21:19 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Archer's homecoming match

While Archer’s long-awaited comeback for England is well on course, the whole of Barbados is waiting for his homecoming. Not everyone was pleased with Archer’s decision to move to the UK and represent England but as he made a mark in international cricket, the sentiment changed.

Since leaving the island, Archer hasn’t played a competitive fixture in Barbados. On June 4, when England play Scotland, Archer would get a chance to play at Bridgetown, in familiar surroundings. “I’ve been praying all along to see him play at Bridgetown. He has chosen England, but he is one of own. The boy we knew as Jo, would be coming back as a Superstar. He relishes the big games and I’m sure he would come out all guns blazing with his family and friends watching,” Estwick says.

21:14 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pet dogs, beaches and deep-sea diving- Secret behind Jofra Archer's return part 2

Barbados is a place where Archer can be himself. Walk on the streets without the shutterbugs hassling him, drive his all-wheel drive jeep, go to Crane beach and rest on the pink sand or go on a yacht ride. Deep sea-diving to spot turtles is also a pastime.

“When he is home, he is himself. This is his place, where he is comfortable. Yes, he is playing for England now. But this is Barbados. This is his home country. This is his own environment. People who raised him are here. People who grew up with him are here. His friends, his club, his dogs…everything is here. He is a Barbadian out and out. And when you are here, it is only good if you are Barbadian, enjoying nature,” Estwick says.

21:10 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pet dogs, beaches and deep-sea diving- Secret behind Jofra Archer's return

Barbados cricketing legacy is second to none. The three Ws, arguably the greatest all-rounder Gary Sobers, fast bowling greats Wes Hall and Charlie Griffith, Joel Garner and famous openers Desmond Haynes and Gordon Greenidge hail from this island. Barbados is also the home to beautiful and tranquil beaches. It was at one of the beaches – St Philip – that Archer’s foray into cricket began. He fell in love with fast bowling and joined the Wildey Cricket Club.

Few people in cricket know Archer better than Estwick. From the time Archer walked into the Wildey Cricket Club as a 15-year old, Estwick had been a constant presence in his life. Although it was Estwick’s decision to leave him out of the West Indies Under-19 World Cup squad that prompted Archer to switch base to England, the pair still share a close bond.

21:04 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Perfect day for England

For England, it was the perfect day. For all the pre-match talk about making up NRR margins over two matches combined, they did it in one match. Now Net Run Rate is no longer a factor in this group, after all the chatter about Australia suggesting they might go slow against Scotland to push England out. Now the equation is simple. England have to just beat Namibia, weather permitting in North Sound, and hope Australia’s deep-rooted pride as a sporting nation will kick in against Scotland.

As much as Aussie pacer Josh Hazlewood suggested that it is to their benefit (and rest of the teams) to send England home early, it is hard to see them lose against Scotland. Rain interventions, England have no say over. But as Buttler suggested with a twinkle in his eye in the post-match chat, they were never bothered about the outside noise about England stumbling in another World Cup defence. They are up and running … nay, sprinting.

21:01 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Speed matters

The key to dismantling Oman was the speed that Archer and Wood were clocking. “The thing is being an associate team, being very honest, you don’t get to face any of the bowlers who are 140 plus, who are top quality. So Jofra and Wood, I would say at this moment, they are the fastest bowlers in cricket,” Oman captain Aqib Ilyas said.

“Being an associate player, a lot goes mind. Once you don’t face any of the bowlers, once in a year if you play any of the fast bowlers that are 145 plus, not just 140, it comes at the back of your mind that they might come at you, they might hit you… anything is possible. We have to work on it because next time if we come to a major tournament, we can’t bat like this.”

20:54 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG's super chase

But England went with what the conditions dictated – a pitch that had good bounce and turn on offer for a solid bowling attack against a struggling batting unit – rather than the said conventional wisdom. They saw in the previous two matches in Antigua that the team batting first struggled to post a total, so backed their bowlers to do the damage and try to chase it down as quickly as possible.
And so they went on to blow Oman away for 47 in 13.2 overs, with the high pace of Jofra Archer and Mark Wood doing the early damage followed by Adil Rashid’s crafty wrist-spin. Chasing 48, England’s batters wasted no time – there was a grand total of one defensive stroke in the run-chase – as they chased it down in 3.1 overs to power their NRR past Scotland and wrestle back some momentum that they struggled to find in their first two matches.

20:50 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG gain NRR boost

In a match that lasted 99 deliveries – one short of a complete innings in England’s The Hundred – Jos Buttler’s men pulled off a ruthless win over a hapless Oman. England won with 101 balls remaining, in what was a ‘Net Run Rate 101’ masterclass.

When Buttler won the toss and opted to bowl first, a few eyebrows were raised. Conventional wisdom suggests that a team looking for a NRR boost would opt to bat first, pile on as many runs as possible and then, with the scoreboard pressure on, restrict the opposition to a low total. Oman could have scraped through a total close to 100 and England would have struggled to win by a margin big enough for a serious advantage.

20:44 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG predicted XI

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler (c & wk), Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran/Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood, Reece Topley

20:39 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: NAM predicted XI

Nikolaas Davin, Michael van Lingen, Jan Frylinck, Gerhard Erasmus (c), JJ Smit, Zane Green (wk), David Wiese, Ruben Trumpelmann, Bernard Scholtz, Jack Brassell/Ben Shikongo, Tangeni Lungmeni

20:32 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Namibia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog of Namibia taking on England in Antigua. While the former are out of the tournament the latter need to win today's game to stay in contention. Though it may look like a one-sided affair the nature of the format and tournament is such that anyone can beat anyone. 

After chasing down the paltry target of 73 runs posted by Namibia inside the first six overs on Wednesday, the Australian cricket team could possibly yield to temptation and take it easy against Scotland in their next group game. The reason? It could make life difficult for the England cricket team, who are currently in a scramble to make the cut for the Super 8 at the ongoing T20 World Cup.

At least that’s what Australia’s Josh Hazlewood has implied in a press conference on Wednesday. However, he stopped short of saying that Australia would actually try to beat Scotland in a slower-than-needed fashion. READ MORE

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 15-06-2024 at 20:29 IST
TAGS:
England Cricket Team
Jos Buttler
Live Score
Moeen Ali
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Maha Kumbh 2025: How Is Maha Kumbh Different From Kumbh
RRB NTPC 2024: Exam Schedule Soon; Check Recruitment Process – City Slip, Admit Card, Exam, Answer Key
50 SIM Cards, Changing Locations: How Accused In Mumbai Hoarding Collapse Case Evaded Cops For 6 Months
Boney Kapoor Pleaded With Lata Mangeshkar For 4-5 Months To Feature In Pukar Song: ‘She Came To Hyderabad, Shot Late At Night’
‘Yash Johar Sent 52 Crew Members To Egypt Just To Shoot A Song, Used A Boeing 737 Like A Bus’: Nikkhil Advani Recalls K3G Expenses
Meghan Markle Makes Instagram Comeback After 5-Year Break. See First Post
Govinda Was Cheated By Producers, Reveals Wife Sunita: ‘I Would Tell Him That You’re Being Fooled, Fight For His Dues’
Rohit Sharma Opts To ‘Rest’ For Sydney Test, Jasprit Bumrah To Lead India In BGT Finale
What Is Canada’s RCIC Scheme, How It Can Help Indians With Expiring Work Permits
New Year Tragedy: 10 People Wounded In Mass Shooting Outside Nightclub In New York’s Queens
Cyber Threats In 2024: Key Incidents And What To Expect In 2025
Madras HC Quashes ‘Hate Speech’ Complaint Against VCK Leader Thol Thirumavalavan
Everybody Is Harmed, No One Acts: The Problem Framing Climate Change And Air Pollution Issues
Foggy Mornings, Chilly Nights To Continue In West Bengal Throughout First Week Of The Year
Manu Bhaker And D Gukesh Among Four Athletes To Be Awarded Khel Ratna
What Is The Winter Char Dham? Why Is The Uttarakhand Government Promoting It?
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/namibia-vs-england-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-34-today-nam-vs-eng-latest-scorecard-updates-9393985/ 
 ----- 
