Apple
0
+
App Store Preview

This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad.

 
GQ 17+
Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.
#150 in Magazines & Newspapers
 4.5 • 40 Ratings
Free
Offers In-App Purchases
Screenshots
iPhone iPad
Description

Look Sharp. Live Smart. Right Now.




GQ is the flagship of men's fashion and style in America. To be GQ is to be forward-looking, progressive and cutting-edge. For over 60 years, GQ has been the home to the most elevated and respected photography, design, reporting and writing in the men's space. Today, GQ is also a digital, social, video and experience powerhouse—a community where readers gather to be inspired and exchange ideas around style, creativity and culture. As masculinity evolves and men's fashion has moved to the center of the global pop-culture conversation, GQ's authority has never been broader or stronger.




The GQ digital edition app is free to download. Subscribers receive unlimited access. Non-subscribers may access a selection of complimentary articles each month.




AUTOMATIC-RENEWAL: Your payment method will be automatically charged at the frequency and price noted in the subscription offer you select, until you cancel. To cancel, you must update your App Store Subscriptions settings at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription term. No refunds once payment is made.

more
What’s New
Version History
Aug 28, 2024 

Version 6.3

Update to this app version for bug fixes, performance improvements, and a fresh new design.

Ratings and Reviews
See All
4.5 out of 5
40 Ratings
 
brinbrin
, 
08/17/2011
Awesome app except one thing....

I am in love with having GQ on my iPad! The inclusion of videos, song previews, and direct links to websites are all awesome details that I really appreciate. There's one thing about these digital issues that has been frustrating me though: the inconsistency of photos/ads when compared to the print version. I always enjoy looking at the ads presented in GQ and I hate that they're different depending on which direction I rotate my iPad! There will oftentimes be completely different images depending on whether I'm in portrait or landscape, and even within articles that include images, they can sometimes get cropped so severely that most of the image is gone.




As the digital magazine evolves I hope the GQ team addresses this inconsistency and more accurately mimics the print version.

more
Vbizzle
, 
09/01/2024
New update is horrible

Can’t view in full screen without seeing the status bar at the top, very distracting. Also if I’m reading an older magazine and exit it automatically takes me back to the very top of the feed instead of where I was, so then I have to scroll all the way back down. These problems didn’t exist before the most recent update and need to be addressed.

more
App Privacy
See Details

The developer, Advance Magazine Publishers Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.

Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Identifiers
Data Not Linked to You

The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:

Usage Data
Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Information
Seller
Advance Magazine Publishers Inc.
 
Size
18.1 MB
 
Category
Lifestyle
 
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 15.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
 
Languages

English

 
Age Rating
17+
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity
Frequent/Intense Profanity or Crude Humor
Frequent/Intense Mature/Suggestive Themes
Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence
 
Copyright
© Condé Nast 2017
 
Price
Free
 
In-App Purchases
One Month Subscription
	$1.99

One Year Subscription
	$19.99

GQ Style Manual 2011
	$6.99
more
App Support 
Privacy Policy 
License Agreement
More By This Developer
See All
Epicurious
Food & Drink
The New Yorker
News
Vogue: Fashion & Shopping
Magazines & Newspapers
WIRED Magazine
News
You Might Also Like
See All
Esquire Magazine US
Lifestyle
Harper's BAZAAR Magazine US
Lifestyle
ELLE Magazine UK
Lifestyle
HODINKEE
Lifestyle

Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms App Store & Privacy Cookie Warning Support
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apps.apple.com/us/app/gq/id428117848 
 ----- 
