Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Subscribe
Newsletter
Sign in
MENU
SEARCH

SUBSCRIBE

PEOPLE
29 August 2024
Flint Group appoints new CEO

Pepijn Dinandt joins Flint Group as its new chief executive officer.

Flint Group has confirmed the appointment of Pepijn Dinandt as chief executive officer (CEO), beginning September 1, 2024. Dinandt comes with 30 years of experience leading organizations across industries.
 
In his previous roles, he has driven growth and delivered outstanding results for shareholders. Furthermore, he also has a track record in guiding companies through financial restructuring.
 
Commenting on his new role as Flint Group’s CEO, Dinandt said: ‘I am thrilled to lead such a well-established and respected company as Flint Group. It is an honor to have been chosen to guide the organization through its next chapter.
 
‘Flint Group is not only a developer of inks and coatings for all printing processes and substrates but also delivers a unique service offering and digital press technology. Importantly, the company has made significant strides in addressing critical issues such as sustainability and circularity, organizational resilience and regulatory compliance. In my new role, I am committed to advancing these efforts, ensuring Flint Group continues to lead the industry in sustainable innovation, service and solutions.’
 
Flint Group’s board is confident that Dinandt’s expertise will complement its executive team and position him as the ideal leader to guide the organization forward while maintaining its growth trajectory.
 
Dinandt concluded: ‘I am eager to step into my role as CEO and work alongside Flint Group’s excellent leadership team to continue executing the company’s growth strategy. I plan to engage with our global team to fortify Flint Group’s position as a forward-thinking leader, ready to drive the industry towards a sustainable and successful future.’

People
Digital printing
Inks & coatings
Europe
Stay up to date

Subscribe to the free Label News newsletter and receive the latest content every week. We'll never share your email address.

Share this
 
 
 

MOST POPULAR NEWS
1
Vinsak shows label and packaging tech at Gulf Print & Pack 2025
2
Priya Printers adds second Mark Andy Performance Series
3
Leadership transition at NextGen Label Group

RELATED CONTENT
INSTALLATIONS
MD Labels installs third Mark Andy hybrid press
17 December 2024

The Polish converter is the first in Europe to install three Mark Andy Digital Series hybrid presses.

LABELEXPO
 Hontec presents innovative products at Labelexpo South China 2024
DIGITAL PRINTING Sponsored
 Rosas Maschinenbau showcases digital printing and RFID expertise
DIGITAL PRINTING
Grandma’s Jam House invests in Epson ColorWorks label printer
11 December 2024
DIGITAL PRINTING
Konica Minolta Mechatronics achieves renewable electricity goal
10 December 2024
DIGITAL PRINTING
Konica Minolta brings Christmas joy to Yorkshire kids
09 December 2024
DIGITAL PRINTING
 Monotech unveils new machines at Labelexpo India 2024
CONVENTIONAL PRINTING
 The Printers House launches new presses at Labelexpo India
LABELEXPO
 UV Graphics unveils new presses at Labelexpo India 2024

The world of package printing

POPULAR TOPICS
Ancillary equipment
Associations, events & awards
Brand owners & design
Conventional printing
Curing systems
Dies & tooling
Digital printing
Finishing & embellishment
Flexible packaging
Folding cartons
Inks & coatings
Installations
Interactive technology
Labelexpo
M&A
Market trends
New products
People
Plates & platemaking
Substrates & adhesives
Sustainability
Workflow, MIS & inspection
ABOUT
About us
Advertising
Contact us
FOLLOW US
Subscribe to our newsletter
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on YouTube
Follow us on Linkedin

Copyright © 2024. All rights reserved. Informa Markets, a trading division of Informa PLC.
Accessibility | Privacy and cookies | Terms of use | Code of conduct
CCPA: Do not sell my data

About Cookies On This Site
We and our partners use cookies to enhance your website experience, learn how our site is used, offer personalised features, measure the effectiveness of our services, and tailor content and ads to your interests while you navigate on the web or interact with us across devices. By clicking "Continue" or continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our and our partners use of cookies. For more information seePrivacy Policy
CONTINUE
ShareThis Copy and Paste
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : http://www.labelsandlabeling.com/news/people/flint-group-appoints-new-ceo-0 
 ----- 
