Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three eye-popping stats from the Hornets' preseason opener vs. Knicks
A closer look at the numbers from the Charlotte Hornets' preseason opener.
Schuyler Callihan | Oct 7, 2024
Nov 12, 2023; New York, New York, USA; Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball (1) brings the ball up in the third quarter against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images / Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

The Charlotte Hornets and New York Knicks went down to the wire in the preseason opener on Sunday with the Knicks squeaking out a 111-109 win. Here are a few of the key stats from that game that are worth noting.

Hornets holding their own inside

With Mark Williams (foot) out, I expected life in the paint and on the glass to be difficult against the New York Knicks. Instead, they were dead-even in points in the paint and actually won the edge on the glass, 46-39. Nick Richards snagged nine of those boards and also had three rejections on the night. A pretty solid effort from Charlotte's frontcourt to not allow New York to bully them all night long.

Three-point shooting

The Hornets were one of the worst three-point shooting teams in the NBA a year ago, mainly due to LaMelo Ball and others being out. I was pretty confident they'd shoot it better from downtown, but I didn't see a 17-for-38 (44.7%) performance to open up preseason play. LaMelo Ball hit four while Brandon Miller, Tre Mann, and rookie Tidjane Salaün each connected on three.

Turnovers

This was the most concerning area of last night's game as the Hornets threw it away 20 times. Of course, you're never going to operate a perfectly smooth offense on the first night of the new season, but 20 is way too much. Giving up that many possessions will lose you games, just like it did on Sunday. Even if they turned it over 15 times, they likely win the game.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

Tidjane Salaün gets named 'game-changer' for Hornets franchise after flashy debut

Hornets' rookie Tidjane Salaün highlights challenges in transition to the NBA

Hidden Gem? Charles Lee hints at Josh Green's role with Hornets

Ranking the Top 10 NBA Point Guards Entering the 2024-25 Season

Published Oct 7, 2024
SCHUYLER CALLIHAN

schuylercallihan(at)gmail.com  Twitter:@Callihan_ Schuyler Callihan is the lead publisher of Mountaineers Now, All Panthers, and All Hornets on FanNation/Sports Illustrated. He took over publishing duties of All Panthers in 2020 and wanted to expand his professional coverage in the Queen City by running the operations at All Hornets. Schuyler attended Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia before finishing up his schooling at Alamance Community College in Graham, North Carolina. The Wheeling, West Virginia native made the move to North Carolina in 2015 and has been in Charlotte since 2021.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/three-eye-popping-stats-from-the-hornets-preseason-opener-vs-knicks 
 ----- 
