Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
Seating capacity of Barabati Stadium: Barabati Stadium Cuttack boundary length for IND vs SA 2nd T20I

Rishikesh Sharma
PublishedJun 08, 2022

Follow Us

Seating capacity of Barabati Stadium: The SportsRush brings you the sitting capacity and boundary details of Cuttack’s Barabati Stadium.

Advertisement

India and South Africa will play the first T20I of the five-match test series at the Arn Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on 9 June 2022. The rest four matches will be played in Cuttack, Visakhapatnam, Rajkot and Bengaluru.

KL Rahul will lead the Indian team in this series, and the players like Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and Jasprit Bumrah have been rested to manage their workload. The South African team is almost playing at their full strength.

Cuttack’s Barabati Stadium will host the 2nd T20I of the series, and this stadium has been a part of some milestones. Indian legend Kapil Dev took his 300th test wicket on this very ground, whereas Yuvraj Singh scored his 14th ODI century at his very venue as well.

Also Read: Book tickets for IND vs SA 2nd T20I

Seating capacity of Barabati Stadium

The Barabati Stadium has a bowl-like structure, and the batters will love playing at this very track. There are different tracks in this stadium, so the size of the boundaries will depend on the track on which the game is being played.

Generally, the straight boundaries are smaller on this ground, but the long mid-wicket boundary will be a relief for the bowlers. The behind the square boundaries are easy to clear as well. So, the bowlers would want to use the mid-wicket region in order to save some runs for the team.

Snapshots from #TeamIndia‘s training session ahead of the 1st T20I against South Africa.#INDvSA @Paytm pic.twitter.com/wA8O1Xr0i7

— BCCI (@BCCI) June 8, 2022

This is a multi-purpose stadium, and apart from cricket, this ground hosts field hockey and football games as well. In terms of the ground capacity, the Barbati Stadium can host 45,000 people. There are two ends on this stadium i.e. Mahal River End and Pavilion End.

This ground came in controversy in the very first T20I game this ground hosted, where the fans started throwing bottles on the ground in the match between India and South Africa.

Barabati StadiumCuttack StadiumInd Vs SAIndia Vs South Africa

About the author

Rishikesh Sharma

An engineering graduate and an ardent sports fan, Rishikesh Sharma is covering cricket for three years now after not making peace with a corporate life and has written more than 5000 articles. While Sourav Ganguly made him fall in love with the sport, Brendon McCullum and Gautam Gambhir enhanced it. Apart from cricket, Rishikesh is a huge fan of Liverpool FC. When not watching sports, you will find him riding around Jaipur.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Dixit Bhargav • Dec 22, 2019

Cuttack cricket ground stats: What is the highest ODI score successfully chased at Barabati Stadium?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 11, 2022

LED flood light in cricket: What is the difference between LED flood light and normal flood light in cricket stadium?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 08, 2022

India vs South Africa 2nd T20 tickets online booking: How to book IND vs SA Barabati Stadium Cuttack T20 tickets?

Rishikesh Sharma • Sep 17, 2022

India vs South Africa 2nd T20 online booking cost price: How to do online ticket booking for cricket match in Guwahati?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 20, 2022

“There is still time for him”: Glenn McGrath wants Umran Malik to play first-class cricket before making test debut

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 20, 2022

“Rishabh Pant can do the same job like Adam Gilchrist”: Sanjay Bangar suggests opening role for Rishabh Pant to solve his batting woes

Headlines

Basketball

“He Can Do It and Download It in 5 Minutes”: Jamal Crawford Was Impressed with Victor Wembanyama’s Quick Learning Skills

Basketball

“He’s Sick”: Derrick Rose Hilariously Roasts Tom Thibodeau for Calling Him About Basketball Despite His Retirement

UFC

Belal Muhammad Confident in Beating Potential Opponent Shavkat After Lessons From ‘The Best’ Khabib Nurmagomedov

NFL

“I Was Never Going Back to the United States”: Ricky Williams Revisits ‘Finding Himself’ While Traveling in Australia

Basketball

“Two Kinds Of People”: Damian Lillard Shares Interesting Image Following Bucks’ Loss

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-seating-capacity-of-barabati-stadium-barbati-stadium-cuttack-boundary-length-for-ind-vs-sa-2nd-t20i/ 
 ----- 
