Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
BCCI tickets booking Barabati Stadium: IND vs SA Cuttack tickets booking date 2022

Rishikesh Sharma
PublishedJun 07, 2022

Follow Us

BCCI tickets booking Barabati Stadium: The SportsRush brings you the ticket booking details of IND vs SA Cuttack T20I.

Advertisement

The 5-match T20I series between India and South Africa will start at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in Delhi on 9 June 2022. The rest of the matches will be played in Cuttack, Visakhapatnam, Rajkot and Bengaluru.

This is India’s first assignment after the Indian Premier League 2022, where KL Rahul will lead the side, whereas Rishabh Pant will be his deputy in this series. Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and Jasprit Bumrah have been rested in the series to manage their workload. Young guns like Umran Malik and Arshdeep Singh are in the mix as well.

South Africa are playing at their full strength, and they would want to repeat the heroics again. Quinton de Kock will again take the charge of batting, whereas the in-form David Miller will also play a big part. The bowling will be led by Kagiso Rabada, whereas Tabraiz Shamsi & Keshav Maharaj will lead the spin attack.

BCCI tickets booking Barabati Stadium

The second T20I match between India and South Africa is almost a full-house and very few tickets are available for the match. The tickets can be booked via Paytm Insider by the fans. Fans can also go directly to the website by clicking here.

M. O. O. D in the camp ahead of the #INDvSA T20I series. ☺️ 👌#TeamIndia | @Paytm pic.twitter.com/ZMB1XEvU7I

— BCCI (@BCCI) June 7, 2022

The ticket’s price ranges from Rs 700 and it goes on till Rs 7000. Fans can select the stands according to their price preference, and the tickets will be confirmed after completing the payment. If the stand is greyed out, it means tickets for this stand are currently unavailable or sold out.

After completing the payment, the fans will have to collect the physical tickets by reaching the venue. The fans must note that the physical tickets can not be collected on match day. Fans must bring their e-tickets and a valid government ID to collect the physical ticket from the box office. A physical ticket is mandatory for the fans to enter the stadium.

Cuttack TicketsInd Vs SAIND Vs SA Tickets

About the author

Rishikesh Sharma

An engineering graduate and an ardent sports fan, Rishikesh Sharma is covering cricket for three years now after not making peace with a corporate life and has written more than 5000 articles. While Sourav Ganguly made him fall in love with the sport, Brendon McCullum and Gautam Gambhir enhanced it. Apart from cricket, Rishikesh is a huge fan of Liverpool FC. When not watching sports, you will find him riding around Jaipur.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Rishikesh Sharma • Sep 17, 2022

India vs South Africa 2nd T20 online booking cost price: How to do online ticket booking for cricket match in Guwahati?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 20, 2022

“There is still time for him”: Glenn McGrath wants Umran Malik to play first-class cricket before making test debut

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 20, 2022

“Rishabh Pant can do the same job like Adam Gilchrist”: Sanjay Bangar suggests opening role for Rishabh Pant to solve his batting woes

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 06, 2022

Tickets for IND vs SA 2022 Delhi: India vs South Africa 1st T20 tickets Arun Jaitley Stadium how to book

Headlines

Basketball

“He Can Do It and Download It in 5 Minutes”: Jamal Crawford Was Impressed with Victor Wembanyama’s Quick Learning Skills

Basketball

“He’s Sick”: Derrick Rose Hilariously Roasts Tom Thibodeau for Calling Him About Basketball Despite His Retirement

UFC

Belal Muhammad Confident in Beating Potential Opponent Shavkat After Lessons From ‘The Best’ Khabib Nurmagomedov

NFL

“I Was Never Going Back to the United States”: Ricky Williams Revisits ‘Finding Himself’ While Traveling in Australia

Basketball

“Two Kinds Of People”: Damian Lillard Shares Interesting Image Following Bucks’ Loss

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-bcci-tickets-booking-barabati-stadium-ind-vs-sa-cuttack-tickets-booking-date-2022/ 
 ----- 
