Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Harlequins
Sale Sharks: Alex Sanderson Praises ‘composed’ George Ford Following Late Harlequins Victory
Sale Sharks: Alex Sanderson praises ‘composed’ George Ford following late Harlequins victory
Louis Chapman Coombe
22 Sep 2024 7:08 PM

Alex Sanderson has praised his side after a gritty win over Harlequins

Sale Sharks boss Alex Sanderson has lauded the ‘composed’ and ‘calm’ performance from star fly-half George Ford in their gritty 12-11 win over Harlequins.

All 12 of Sale’s points in their win over Quins came from the boot of the England international, including the decisive 78th-minute winner.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
“Played it like a Test match”

Speaking to the media after the game, Sanderson said: “George Ford was really composed, really calm; he played it like a Test match, picking up points early, and in the end it was his boot that won us the game.”

The game was by no means a pretty one – largely due to the conditions – but Sanderson was pleased they managed to come away with the points.

“It wasn’t enthralling but it was gritty, hard-fought win – a win being the operative word.

“We have to be better”

Whilst the Sharks still got the all-important league points, they could have had a much easier time of it. Sale dominated the game for large parts, however sloppy handling errors or lapses in discipline meant they were unable to cross the whitewash.

Mark McCall’s verdict on Fergus Burke’s debut who has the ‘same skill-set’ as Owen Farrell

Ad

Commenting on this, Sanderson said side know they need to be better in that respect moving forward.

“We know we have to be better if we’re going to compete at the end of the season but I think both teams could say that,” he said.

“We both had opportunities in the 22 and we both had half-breaks which we didn’t convert.”

He continued: “I reckon a score either side would have opened the game up, but as it was it ended up being a bit of a slugfest and stalemate in the middle of the park.

Ad

“Neither team were playing a lot of phases before kicking, but I’m really happy with how the lads stuck together to close the game out.”

Attack has been a consistent issue for Sanderson’s side in the past year, and if today’s game is anything to go by it could be their main work-on again this time around.

Next up

Sale now prepare for a tough away trip to StoneX Stadium to face Saracens, who were in good touch in their victory over Gloucester. yesterday.

What will a successful November be for England?
1 win
2 wins
3 wins
4 wins

The Sharks should be in high spirits heading to North London though, after their fantastic win at the same ground at the end of last season to cement their spot in the play-offs.

READ NEXT: George Ford inspires Sale Sharks to gutsy win over Harlequins

Harlequins
Alex Sanderson
George Ford
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Alex Spink
30 Dec 2024
Alex Sanderson vows to ‘change minds and hearts’ after admitting to being ‘p*ssed off’ by Premiership super computer prediction

Alex Sanderson leads Sale into the New Year vowing to "change minds and hearts" and earn Sharks the respect he believes they do not currently get.

Ross Heppenstall
23 Dec 2024
Revealed: Why England playmaker George Ford decided to stay at Sale amid Top14 interest

Ross Heppenstall spoke to George Ford about why he decided to stay at Sale Sharks.

Louis Chapman Coombe
21 Dec 2024
Sale Sharks v Exeter Chiefs: Five takeaways as England ‘mastermind’ guides Sale to gutsy win but key injury to leave Borthwick with ‘sleepless nights’

Our key takeaways from Sale's win over Exeter.

Dylan Coetzee
12 Dec 2024
England: George Ford opens up on costly missed kicks against All Blacks that left a ‘little bit of a scar’

George Ford spoke on his penalty miss against New Zealand.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’
02 Jan 2025
4
Scarlets v Dragons: Five takeaways as hosts provide a ‘glimmer of hope’ while youngsters impress ahead of Six Nations announcement
01 Jan 2025
1
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher
01 Jan 2025
1
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/sale-sharks-alex-sanderson-praises-composed-george-ford-following-late-harlequins-victory 
 ----- 
