Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Breaking News
OHIO STATE PUNCHES ITS TICKET TO CFP CHAMPIONSHIP
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Heat make roster moves for opening night ahead of NBA deadline
Ira Winderman, South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Sat, Oct 19, 2024·3 min read

MIAMI — A Miami Heat roster largely locked in by luxury-tax constraints came together as expected at Saturday’s NBA cutdown deadline.

From the NBA limit of 21 players during the preseason, the Heat trimmed to 14 under standard contract and three under two-way deals.

The moves leave the Heat with an open roster spot, with the Heat lacking comfortable payroll wherewithal to remain under the highly punitive second apron of the luxury tax with the maximum of 15 under standard contract.

Waived Saturday by the Heat were veteran wing Nassir Little, undrafted guards Isaiah Stevens and Zyon Pullin, as well as undrafted center Warren Washington.

The latter three are expected to land with the Heat’s G League affiliate, the Sioux Falls Skyforce. There, they will be available to be signed by any NBA team.

“It fits our player-development philosophy,” coach Erik Spoelstra said of moving players to the team’s G League program, “that we get to spend more time with our players and develop them. Sioux Falls is a branch of exactly what we do.

“It also helps the players, where it’s not so transactional.”

Little’s status is less clear, having tried to crack the Heat roster on a non-guaranteed veteran-minimum contract.

Starting the season under standard contract for the Heat will be Bam Adebayo, Thomas Bryant, Alec Burks, Jimmy Butler, Tyler Herro, Haywood Highsmith, Jaime Jaquez Jr., Nikola Jovic, Kevin Love, Josh Richardson, Duncan Robinson, Terry Rozier and 2024 draft picks Kel’el Ware and Pelle Larsson.

That leaves the Heat with three newcomers (Burks, Ware, Larsson) from last season’s final roster.

Retained under two-way contracts, which pay half the NBA minimum salary, are Josh Christopher, Keshad Johnson and Dru Smith. Only Smith previously has been with the Heat.

While two-way players are eligible to be on the active roster for up to 50 of the 82 regular-season games, that limitation is somewhat modified with the Heat only carrying 14 under standard contract. The Heat can only activate two-way players a combined 90 times in the games when the standard roster is below 15 players.

Related Articles

Miami Heat | Ira Winderman: Erik Spoelstra’s hope for Heat health is ‘breathing it into existence’

Miami Heat | ASK IRA: Is there still time for Josh Richardson to find a Heat role?

Miami Heat | With leading men given night off, Heat surge by Grizzlies in preseason finale; Magic up next on Wednesday in season opener

Miami Heat | Kevin Love eager for more with Heat, particularly enabling Bam Adebayo, Kel’el Ware

Miami Heat | ASK IRA: Could Heat wind up ahead of the game with Highsmith instead of Martin?

The Heat worked through a similar approach last year before filling out the standard roster to the 15-player maximum in the final weeks of the season.

Several players who already had been signed and released by the Heat this offseason are expected to also go to camp with the Skyforce, including Caleb Daniels, Bryson Warren and Malik Williams.

Christopher, Johnson and Smith also are eligible for G League assignment as part of their two-way contracts.

Two-way contracts can be subbed out at any time. Because of his previous five-season NBA tenure, Little was not eligible for a two-way deal.

Spoelstra said additions such as Ware, Larsson, Christopher and Johnson have energized the mix.

“What they have shown as a collective group, as young guys, they’re brought us some talent level that we’ve been able to restock with our roster,” he said. “They’ve given us an exuberance.”

While the NBA’s formal cutdown deadline is 5 p.m. Monday, moves had to be made by 5 p.m. Saturday for players to clear waivers and not have salary count toward 2024-25 payrolls.

The Heat open their 37th season Wednesday at Kaseya Center against the Orlando Magic, seeking to rebound from last season’s 46-36 finish, No. 8 playoff seed and first-round 4-1 playoff ouster at the hands of the Boston Celtics.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Lakers' and Clippers' Saturday games postponed due to Los Angeles wildfires

Both Los Angeles teams have home games scheduled for Monday as well.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

34m ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

15m ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
MLB bans Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in 2024 World Series from all ballparks indefinitely

The two fans who tried to pry a ball out of Betts' glove during the World Series now face arrest if they are seen at an MLB event.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Penn State edge rusher Abdul Carter declares for NFL Draft after Orange Bowl loss to Notre Dame

Carter finished the season with 12 sacks and should be a top-10 pick.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/heat-roster-moves-opening-night-164000035.html 
 ----- 
