Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Heat makes cuts, sets roster for opening night. Also, summer group continues to impress
ANTHONY CHIANG
October 19, 2024 at 12:16 PM
Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra talks with guard Josh Christopher (8) during the second half against the Memphis Grizzlies at FedExForum. (Petre Thomas/Petre Thomas-Imagn Images)

The Miami Heat’s roster for opening night appears to be set.

With Friday night’s 114-109 win over the Memphis Grizzlies at FedExForum marking the end of Miami’s five-game preseason schedule, the Heat made moves on Saturday just before the league-wide deadline to set its roster for the start of the regular season.

With nine veterans held out, Heat beats Memphis in preseason finale: Five takeaways

There were no surprises.

The 14 Heat players who entered the preseason on guaranteed standard contracts and the three Heat players who entered the preseason on two-way contracts made the cut.

The three Heat players who entered the preseason on Exhibit 10 deals and the one Heat player who entered the preseason on a fully non-guaranteed standard deal did not make the cut.

The Heat waived guard Isaiah Stevens, center Warren Washington and guard Zyon Pullin from their Exhibit 10 contracts on Saturday. The Heat also released forward Nassir Little from his fully non-guaranteed contract.

Stevens, Pullin and Washington, who all also played for Miami’s summer league team this past offseason after going undrafted in June, are still expected to end up with the Heat’s G League affiliate (the Sioux Falls Skyforce) this season unless they are signed by another NBA team to a standard or two-way contract.

There’s also a chance that Little could end up with the Heat’s G League affiliate this season — if that’s what he chooses for the next step in his basketball career.

Those cuts leave the Heat with 14 players on standard contracts for the start of the regular season: Bam Adebayo, Thomas Bryant, Alec Burks, Jimmy Butler, Tyler Herro, Haywood Highsmith, Jaime Jaquez Jr., Nikola Jovic, Pelle Larsson, Kevin Love, Josh Richardson, Duncan Robinson, Terry Rozier and Kel’el Ware.

The Heat’s three two-way contract slots remain occupied by Josh Christopher, Keshad Johnson, and Dru Smith. Two-way contracts, which pay half the NBA rookie minimum and do not count toward the salary cap or luxury tax, allow for players to be on their NBA team’s active list for as many as 50 regular-season games but do not come with playoff eligibility and can be swapped out at any time.

NBA teams have a 5 p.m. deadline on Monday to cut rosters to the regular-season maximum of 15 players (not including the three two-way contract slots). But most of those moves actually need to be made by 5 p.m. Saturday because of the 48-hour waiver period.

The Heat’s roster remains one short of the regular-season limit of 15 players under standard contracts. But Miami is expected to open the regular season with 14 players on standard deals because of its position against the ultra-punitive second apron.

The Heat stands just $1.6 million from crossing the second apron, which is one of the reasons that Little was waived on Saturday. Little’s per day cap hit once the regular season begins would have been $13,939, according to ESPN’s Bobby Marks, eating into Heat’s cushion from the second apron to potentially add to its roster later in the season without crossing that threshold.

Little, 24, is not eligible for a two-way contract because only players with three or fewer years of NBA service are able to sign two-way deals. He has already played five NBA seasons.

By staying under the second apron for now, the Heat is still allowed to aggregate salaries in a trade or send out cash in a trade. But because Miami is already above the first apron, it can’t take back more salary in a trade than it sends out.

The Heat opens the regular season on Wednesday night against the Orlando Magic at Kaseya Center.

PRESEASON REVIEW

One of the highlights for the Heat during its 4-1 preseason run has been the continued development of its next wave of young developmental players.

The core of the Heat’s summer league roster that won this past offseason’s Las Vegas Summer League championship was on the court for the Heat late in Friday’s preseason win over the Grizzlies.

The Heat closed the game in Memphis with a lineup of Pelle Larsson, Kel’el Ware, Christopher, Little and Pullin, outscoring the Grizzlies 29-18 in the fourth quarter. Larsson, Ware, Christopher and Pullin were all members of the Heat’s summer league championship roster from this past offseason.

Among those who also played for the Heat in summer league this year and logged extended minutes for the Heat in Friday’s preseason finale were Johnson and Stevens.

“What they have shown as a collective group of young guys, they’ve brought us some talent level that we’ve been able to restock with our roster, they’ve given us an exuberance,” Spoelstra said following the Heat’s preseason game in Memphis. “But they’ve also found a way as a group to win, to impact winning, to find a way to gut out wins. I don’t know what it is, I just know it’s something. I don’t want to over exaggerate it right now.

“I told them the head coach enjoys watching them compete. They compete and play the right way. Even when it doesn’t always end up going exactly how you want it to, the intention is right. Good things happen if you’re in a great head space like that. It’s just hard to find a group like that that can rally around that. It’s been fun.”

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
The Today Show
Hoda Kotb shares 'love letter' to viewers on her final day at 'Today'
People
James Woods says home still standing after he was told it burned down: ‘A miracle’
Finance
NBC Universal
Chuck E. Cheese makes a comeback, with trampolines and a subscription program
Reuters
Location-tracking company Unacast tells Norway its data was hacked, broadcaster says
Food
The Today Show
Joy Bauer shares a healthy meal plan to start your new year off right
Delish
It’s officially 'Quitting Day,' so we’re ditching our resolutions to celebrate with t…
Lighter Side
People
Woman's dry January invite to friends, family goes viral after they reject her one by…
USA TODAY
Secret Service says goodbye to 'Deacon,' its longest-ever protectee - by far: Jimmy C…
News
CNN
Significant winter storm shutters the South, cancels more than 3,000 US flights
USA TODAY
Federal judge delays 9/11 deals that would have found terror mastermind guilty
Weather
Associated Press
With their Los Angeles-area homes still smoldering, families return to search the rui…
Associated Press
Powerful winter storm that dumped snow in US South maintains its icy grip

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/heat-makes-cuts-sets-roster-161623096.html 
 ----- 
