Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
White Sox stave off history, win fourth straight at home
Share
White Sox stave off history, win fourth straight at home
September 26th, 2024

Scott Merkin

@scottmerkin
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

CHICAGO -- Davis Martin’s comments following a 4-3, walk-off victory in 10 innings for his White Sox over the Angels Wednesday won’t end up on T-shirts or make the Quick Pitch highlight reel for MLB Network.

But the right-handed starter succinctly summed up the brutal 2024 White Sox season along with their postgame celebrations connected to the last two wins at Guaranteed Rate Field.

“No one likes losing,” said a smiling Martin, after striking out four and walking five over 3 2/3 innings in his final start of the season. “Winning is a lot more fun.”

There’s another layer to this idea involving the ‘24 White Sox.

They returned from San Diego with 120 losses attached to their name, tied with the 1962 Mets for the most single-season setbacks in the modern era (since 1901). One loss among these three home games against the Angels or in their three in Detroit to close out the season would hang that loss title around their collective necks.

That loss still might happen. Detroit is the hottest team in baseball, with a 9-1 record against the White Sox, and will need every victory possible to secure a playoff berth. The White Sox are doing their best to make those games meaningful.

“We’re just looking to tomorrow. We want to build on these wins,” White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore said. “We had some good stretches here and there, and now it’s just a matter of being consistent and not getting too far ahead of ourselves."

"Obviously, it’s been a long year and I feel like we’ve been talking about it all year,” veteran left fielder Andrew Benintendi said. “But there’s four more left and we’re trying to make the most out of it.”

Benintendi’s one-out single in the 10th against José Quijada scored Miguel Vargas, who started the inning at second. It was Benintendi’s third walk-off connection this season and first of the non-home run variety.

It concluded an exciting, back-and-forth contest not always showing textbook fundamental baseball on the field. There also was a boisterous fan base voicing its strong show of displeasure in the eighth inning, although there were some supportive White Sox chants over the final two frames.

“You just can’t focus on it,” Sizemore said. “We know they’re frustrated, but when you’re in that moment you’re just trying to block all that stuff out, all the negative stuff and focus on the game and what you can do to help the team win. We’re professionals. We’re not going to let anything rattle us. We’re going out there and trying to compete and do the best we can to get a win.”

Related
White Sox avoid arbitration with Vaughn, 3 more

January 9th, 2025

Veteran lefty Martín Pérez reaches 1-year deal with White Sox (source)

January 8th, 2025

Versatile Rojas on signing with White Sox: 'They didn't really have to sell me too much'

January 9th, 2025

Dalbec swaps socks, signs Minors deal with South Siders

January 7th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

3 intriguing White Sox stories you may not know

January 7th, 2025

Something good was due for the White Sox, who at 22-58 and with only Thursday afternoon’s game remaining on the home slate, avoided becoming the first team in baseball history to lose 60 games at home in one season. Before the game, Luis Robert Jr. talked about his statistical drop off this season and tied those struggles directly into that of the team as a true leader and top-flight level player would and should do.

Robert followed up those comments with two doubles, contributing to the postgame joy in the clubhouse. A throng of media members, probably as big as any group covering the White Sox this season since Opening Day, walked in to find players joking and "Everybody Dance Now," the 1990 hit from C+C Music Factory, blaring.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Anyone who came to see history made by the White Sox will have to wait, with the White Sox winning their fourth straight at home and second straight series at home.

“Wait one more day,” Benintendi said with a smile. “Maybe.”

“If you start the year off great early and terrible at the end, it kind of leaves a sour taste in your mouth,” Martin said. “I think that's exactly what we're trying to do is put some good games together and we're trying to have some fun and win some games and go to Detroit and try to spoil some games for them.”

As for that Detroit series … the White Sox moved Chris Flexen to Thursday’s home finale and ace Garrett Crochet to Friday in Detroit. The American League Central rivalries are going strong, even in the face of 121 losses.

“They’re gonna be competing for a playoff spot,” Sizemore said. “We wanna throw our best guy up against this team that’s fighting for a playoff spot.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago White Sox

Senior Reporter Scott Merkin has covered the White Sox for MLB.com since 2003.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/white-sox-stave-off-history-with-second-straight-win 
 ----- 
