SPORT
CRUNCH TIME
No room for error as Bafana Bafana resume World Cup qualification journey 
 Hugo Broos, head coach of Bafana Bafana during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations match between South Africa and DR Congo at Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium in Abidjan, Cote dIvoire. 10 February 2024. (Photo: Achille Ndomo Tsanga/BackpagePix)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
06 Jun 2024  0
As part of their lengthy World Cup qualification journey, South Africa faces Nigeria in a game that will be a replay of one of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations semifinals. Bafana Bafana will also tussle with Zimbabwe. 
Listen to this article
5 min

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos is fully cognisant of all the challenges that await his team as they look to stabilise their 2026 Fifa World Cup qualification journey. Nevertheless, he is confident that his team can earn the points needed in their upcoming pair of fixtures.

South Africa’s senior men’s soccer side takes on Nigeria and Zimbabwe as a continuation of what remains a lengthy World Cup qualification process. They play the Super Eagles on Friday, 7 June in Nigeria.

They will then return to South Africa to prepare for neighbours Zimbabwe — whom they tackle on Tuesday, 11 June at the Free State Stadium.

It’s imperative that Bafana Bafana avoid defeat in both fixtures in order to strengthen their chances of being one of the nine African nations that make it to the next global soccer extravaganza, which will be co-hosted by Canada, Mexico and the United States, in a couple of years.

In their opening two qualification matches for the showpiece, South Africa delivered a mixed results haul. Bafana Bafana beat Benin 2-1 in Durban, but undid that positive start to their campaign when they went down 2-0 to Rwanda in Butare.

Read more in Daily Maverick: Bafana coach Hugo Broos laments Rwandan pitch but accepts defeat in World Cup qualifier  

Since that surprise result in November 2023, Bafana Bafana have won a bronze medal at the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) — which took place in Ivory Coast earlier this year.

Read more in Daily Maverick: Brave Bafana win Afcon battle for bronze as goalkeeper Ronwen Williams saves the day

Despite the disappointment of not making it to the final after being felled 4-2 on penalties by the Super Eagles, they held off DR Congo to clinch bronze in their third-place playoff match. It was Bafana Bafana’s best finish at the continental spectacle since 2000 — when they also won bronze.

Mothobi Mvala of South Africa (left) challenges Victor Osimhen of Nigeria (centre) during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations at Peace Stadium in Bouake, Cote d’Ivoire. 7 February 2024. (Photo: Djaffar Ladjal/BackpagePix)

Broos believes his team can continue riding that wave and earn the required points towards boosting their World Cup qualification hopes.

“Everybody knows that all of us want to qualify for the World Cup in 2026. But we are facing two very tough games,” Hugo Broos told journalists ahead of the two crunch ties.

“First of all, Nigeria, who were finalists at Afcon. With players who are playing in the best leagues in Europe.

On the other hand, we showed what we can do against them at Afcon. If we had a little bit more luck on our side, we were going to be in the final and not Nigeria. We were the best team. So, we don’t have to be afraid,” the Belgian mentor stated.

Zimbabwe were unable to compete at Afcon due to a Fifa ban imposed on them for government interference in the running of the sport. They are now officially back and Broos anticipates that they will be a tricky prospect to navigate past.

“The other game, against Zimbabwe, is different. A game between neighbours. After their ban last year, they have a new team and a new coach. From that aspect, it will be a tough game. But if you see our performances over the last six months, we have to be confident. We have to believe in our chances,” the 72-year-old said.

“For us to achieve our goal, our target has to be at least four points. I do not want to lose any of these two games. That means we’ll stay in the race for qualifying for the World Cup,” Broos stated.

Sphephelo Sithole of Bafana (left) and Victor James Osimhen of Nigeria during their Afcon clash. (Photo: Segun Ogunfeyitimi/Gallo Images)

The bigger picture

Between last qualifying for the World Cup on merit in 2002 (they participated as hosts in 2010) and only sporadically qualifying for Afcon over the last few years, Bafana Bafana’s reputation in international and continental soccer has taken a severe beating.

However, Broos believes that since their Afcon displays in Ivory Coast a few months ago, this has changed a bit. The Belgian opines that a World Cup qualification would further enhance South Africa’s soccer scene.

“Being qualified for big tournaments like Afcon and the World Cup is very important for a country,” Broos stated.

“You see what happened after our third-place finish in Afcon. Suddenly everyone was saying “Wow. South Africa.” It’s important for South African football. But it’s also important for South African players. Suddenly, there is interest,” the Belgian, who has coached Bafana since May 2021, added.

“It’s very important that we qualify, after so many years and a good performance at Afcon.”

Though the journey remains a lengthy one, positive results in these two fixtures will add more glow to Bafana Bafana’s aura, which they are regaining match by match under Broos. DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Bafana BafanaHugo BroosNigeriaSportsWorld Cup Qualifier
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

No Comments, yet

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
DM168
The GNU, ‘weakened’ opposition benches and the seventh Parliament
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
MAVERICK LIFE
A Year in Pictures: Our Angry Planet
SPORT
Proteas seal World Test Championship final berth with nervy victory over Pakistan
SOUTH AFRICA
More than ‘big water’ — the great comfort and joy of Gariep Dam
TOP READS IN SECTION
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
MAVERICK NEWS
Nasa spacecraft ‘safe’ after reaching Sun's outer atmostphere in closest ever pass
MAVERICK NEWS
Marion, a sub-Antarctic island, turns green — but at a cost
MAVERICK NEWS
Fisherman rescues teenager from drowning by reeling him in
MAVERICK CITIZEN
Forensic reports reveal mismanagement, fraud and corruption in Gauteng Department of Social Development
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-06-06-no-room-for-error-as-bafana-bafana-resume-world-cup-qualification-journey/ 
 ----- 
