Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
3 difficult decisions David Bell must make to bolster the Reds' playoff chances

The Cincinnati Reds have very little margin for error over their final 10 games.

By
Drew Koch
|
Sep 19, 2023
Cincinnati Reds manager David Bell | Andy Lyons/GettyImages
Prev
3 of 3
Next
3. Reds manager David Bell needs to limit his platoon lineups.

This might be the hardest thing in the world for David Bell to do. It's become a running joke for many of the Cincinnati faithful to openly laugh when Bell's lineup card is revealed.

This past week, there were occurences when Bell had Nick Martini inexpicably batting second in the lineup against right-handed pitching. Thankfully, Bell went back to India atop the batting order on Monday versus the Minnesota Twins with TJ Friedl batting in the No. 2 spot.

I'm not completely against the platoon. In fact, there's plenty of times when it has merit. If the Reds are facing a lefty, Nick Senzel should unquestionably be in the lineup and batting second with Jake Fraley and Will Benson riding the bench.

This isn't to suggest that David Bell should abandon the idea of the platoon altogether, but with Harrison Bader on the IL and Hunter Renfroe having been handed his walking papers, the Reds skipper is running out of platoon options anyway.

There are 10 games left in the season, and the Cincinnati Reds need to win as many as they can. Nick Martini and Stuart Fairchild need to remain on the bench as pinch hitters/ runners only. David Bell, I know you want to write their name on that lineup card somewhere, but please resist the urge.

•
3 Reds trade deadline targets failing with their new teams
•
4 players who still have to prove they deserve to be on the Reds playoff roster
•
Here's what the Reds starting rotation should look like to end the season
•
MLB tiebreaker rules ensure Reds fans never have to endure the pain of another Al Leiter experience
Next
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-3-difficult-decisions-david-bell-must-make-to-bolster-playoff-chances-elly-de-la-cruz/3 
 ----- 
