Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Philadelphia Eagles
Eagles legend claims Jalen Hurts was only playing at '65 to 70 percent' during Philadelphia playoff run

Philadelphia this season is 2-0 without having dominated yet

Hurts led the Eagles to the Super Bowl last season, and Philadelphia is a contender again in 2023.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 18:39 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. How does the touchback rule work? Justin Jefferson finds out the hard way
NFL. Joe Burrow's status for Week 3 unknown after Bengals superstar re-aggravated his calf injury

Last December, the Philadelphia Eagles visited the Chicago Bears for a late-season clash at Soldier Field. During the game -- an eventual 25-20 win for the Eagles -- Philadelphia quarterback Jalen Hurts was driven into the grass and suffered a sprain in his throwing shoulder. The injury cost him the Eagles' next two games -- both losses -- but Hurts returned in time for the playoffs, where he led the Birds to Super Bowl LVII.

However, Hurts never had a procedure done on his throwing shoulder, and he played through the postseason -- and into the 2023 regular season -- with the sprained joint impacting him. This is according to a new interview with Donovan McNabb, the former Eagles quarterback who maintains a close relationship with Hurts now that he is the franchise quarterback in Philly.

McNabb shines light on Hurts' mentality

Hurts, who previously stated he suffered a broken clavicle during that cold winter day in Chicago, was only operating at around "65 or 70 percent" during the high-intensity postseason, according to McNabb. The injury certainly seemed to affect Hurts during the NFC playoffs, when he threw for less yardage and relied on the Eagles' suffocating defense to overcome New York and San Francisco.

McNabb threw 216 touchdown passes across 11 seasons with Philadelphia.

McNabb said he would have had to call Hurts "soft" if he was thinking about sitting out due to the injury, and McNabb said Hurts told him that "sometimes, you have to do the job yourself."

The Eagles demolished the Giants and 49ers by a combined 69-14 score, and Hurts showed no ill effects from the joint sprain against Kansas City in the Super Bowl. He threw for 304 yards and totaled four touchdowns (three rushing) against the Chiefs, and he would have been named Super Bowl MVP had Philadelphia held onto its second-half lead.

Is the shoulder still bothering Hurts?

While McNabb's comments were limited to the 2022 postseason, some may argue Hurts is still fighting limitations brought about by the joint sprain as the 2023 NFL season gets underway.

Tailgate turned UFC: Man chokes out brother in surprising Eagles game-day sceneRoberto Ortega

Hurts, who signed a $255 million contract extension in the offseason, has completed 40-of-56 passes for 363 yards and two touchdowns. The season is still young, but Hurts is on pace to throw for just 3,086 yards this season, and he's already been sacked seven times -- 11 percent of his dropbacks thus far in 2023.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

However, Hurts reared back and delivered a vintage performance in the Week 2 win over the Minnesota Vikings, when he accounted for three total touchdowns and delivered a 60-yard strike to DeVonta Smith for his only passing touchdown of the night.

The Eagles don't seem fully in-sync yet following February's loss in the Super Bowl, but they are 2-0 and figure to challenge for the top seed in the NFC anyway -- even if Hurts is still at 70 percent.

Philadelphia Eagles - English
NFL - English
Jalen Hurts - English
NFLVikings vs. Eagles Week 2: Best prop bets and picks for Thursday Night Football
Philadelphia EaglesA.J. Brown caught yelling at Jalen Hurts on TNF, why was he mad with his quarterback?
NFLThursday Night Football: Where can you watch the Vikings vs Eagles week 2 game?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Meghan Markle's father fears he...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/philadelphia-eagles/2023/09/19/6508d741e2704e298f8b4584.html 
 ----- 
