COOKIES CONSENT

WE USE COOKIES TO IMPROVE THE WEBSITE FOR YOU.


ACCEPT ALL SETTINGS
COOKIES SETTINGS
EN
COME BACK 

1 min

10 Sep. 2024

5561

Czech Republic vs Ukraine: where to watch the Nations League match and what you need to know about it

Popular
Events
TABLE OF CONTENTS
In what form are the teams approaching the match?
Where to watch Czech Republic vs Ukraine?
What are your predictions for the match?

Share:

The second round of the Nations League starts for the Ukrainian national team. In the Czech Republic, the Ukrainian team will play against the local team. Serhiy Rebrov's charges will try to rehabilitate themselves after an unsuccessful first match. Find out where to watch the live broadcast of the game and what you need to know about it in general

Order Visit Ukraine branded merchandise and support Ukraine (worldwide delivery)
BUY




On Tuesday, 10 September, the national team of Ukraine will play the second match in the current Nations League draw. The rival of the blue and yellows will be the Czech Republic, which will be the host in this match.




In what form are the teams approaching the match?




The first round of the Nations League was not the most successful for both teams. Ukraine lost to Albania, and the Czech Republic lost to Georgia, with the Czechs suffering a big 4-1 defeat.




After their first matches, both Ukraine and the Czech Republic were criticised. So today the teams will try to rehabilitate themselves in the eyes of their fans.




It is important to note that the Ukrainian team will have the return of its starting player Mykhailo Mudryk after an injury.







Visit Ukraine on social media: Telegram | YouTube | Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | TikTok








Where to watch Czech Republic vs Ukraine?




The Czech Republic - Ukraine match will take place on 10 September in Prague. The match will be hosted by the Eden Stadium. The starting whistle will be blown at 21:45.




The match will be broadcast by regional channels Suspilne and the MEGOGO platform.




What are your predictions for the match?




It should be noted that the match will take place in the Czech Republic, which is the third most popular country for Ukrainian refugees. Therefore, we should expect a lot of Ukrainian fans at the stadium, which is very important in terms of supporting the team.




By the way, you can always support Ukraine by ordering exclusive merchandise from Visit Ukraine. Our store has a variety of unique items and accessories that will help you stand out from the crowd and show your true support for your country. Part of the proceeds from the sale will be used to help Ukrainian citizens affected by the war.




Given that the first matches were unsuccessful for both teams, we can expect a fairly fast-paced football game with a fight from the teams. 




At the same time, bookmakers consider the Czech national team to be the favourite of the match. They also give high odds for a draw.




We remind you! Ukraine finished the 2024 Olympics by winning 12 medals, which was a remarkable achievement for our national team. The medals won have become a source of pride and inspired millions to new achievements. Read here to find out what Ukrainians will remember about the last Olympic Games.




Want to know more? Read the latest news and useful materials about Ukraine and the world in the News section.







Our recommendation for a safe and comfortable trip: 




Visit Ukraine Insurance - insurance for a safe stay abroad without unnecessary expenses;

Green Card - compulsory car insurance for traveling abroad;

Visit Ukraine Tickets - book tickets for buses, trains, and airplanes to/from Ukraine and between cities around the world;

Private Lawyer service - professional legal support on visa and migration issues;

Visit Ukraine Merch - buy patriotic clothing and accessories with worldwide delivery.







© 2018-2024, Visit Ukraine. Use, copying or reprinting of materials on this site is permitted only with a link (hyperlink for online publications) to Visit Ukraine.

All rights reserved.

Frequantly
asked questions
Who is the most expensive footballer of the Ukrainian national team?
Oleksandr Zinchenko - a player of Arsenal London, according to Transfermarkt, is the most expensive footballer of the Ukrainian national team - 38 million dollars. In second place are Mykhailo Mudryk, Artem Dovbik, Georgiy Sudakov - $35m each.
Who is the coach of the Ukrainian national team?
What is the Nations League tournament?

RECOMMENDED ARTICLES

1 min

For refugees

The Czech government proposes to increase the amount of aid for Ukrainian refugees: details

In response to the change in living conditions for Ukrainians, the Czech government has proposed a significant increase in humanitarian aid for people with disabilities and those with long-term health problems. Read more about the update in our article

15 Aug. 2024

More details

2 min

Travel

Compulsory schooling for Ukrainian children in the Czech Republic: Rules and penalties

The Czech Ministry of the Interior has emphasized that Ukrainian children must attend local schools, even if they continue their education remotely in Ukraine. Find out what consequences parents may face for violating this rule and how to ensure that their child has a place at school or kindergarten

19 Aug. 2024

More details

2 min

Events

Burning Man 2024: impressive installation and performance from Ukraine

At this year's Burning Man 2024 festival, Ukraine presented an impressive art project that became one of the highlights of the event. The installation “I'm Fine;)” impressed the audience with its scale. Learn more about the creation and symbolism of the project

09 Sep. 2024

More details

1 min

Finance

Financial restrictions for Ukrainians abroad to use currency cards: details

The National Bank has introduced currency restrictions for Ukrainians abroad. The bank believes that this step will help prevent unproductive capital outflow from the country. Find out what the restrictions apply to and what limits are set

09 Sep. 2024

More details
INFORMATION
About us
Cooperation
Our partners
User Agreement
Shop
Cooperation with guides and tour operators
FAQ
NAVIGATION
Rules of entry to Ukraine
From Ukraine
Blog
Hotels
Tours
Tickets
PRODUCTS
Green Card
War Risks Insurance
Motor TPL Insurance
Mini Hull Insurance
Apartment All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Apartment All Risks Insurance
House All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Health Insurance
CONTACTS
media@visitukraine.today
info@visitukraine.today
+380939724145
+48724046522
VISA
2024 © Visit Ukraine Today | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://visitukraine.today/blog/4726/czech-republic-vs-ukraine-where-to-watch-the-nations-league-match-and-what-you-need-to-know-about-it?srsltid=AfmBOooRgBwTW5iH1z7lxXFgYvK_iHGBZDanUJglU46Vi6VHnQngDyvK 
 ----- 
