Skip to main content
Australia
Cricket
NBA
NFL
Tennis
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

NBA

NFL

Tennis

Sports
Tennis
Cricket
NBA
NRL
AFL
NFL
Football
Boxing
MMA
WWE
Rugby
Horse Racing
Golf
F1
More Sports
Explore More
EDITIONS
Australia
Argentina
Brasil
Canada
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
When is Australia's next match at ICC ODI Cricket World Cup 2023? Date, time, prediction and head-to-head record for England match

RAHUL IYER

02 November, 2023
•
1:10 am UTC

Australia will play their seventh match of the 2023 Cricket World Cup on Saturday, November 4 when they take on England at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. 

They most recently defeated New Zealand in a thriller in Dharmsala on October 28.

Batting first, David Warner and Travis Head put on 175 in 19.1 overs to get the Aussies off to a flyer.

Some late hitting after a quiet middle period lifted them to 388 in 49.2 overs.

In reply, New Zealand put up a solid fight thanks to a quick half-century from Daryl Mitchell and Rachin Ravindra's stunning knock of 116 but fell short by 5 runs in the end.

MORE: Play Dafabet's Cricket World Cup predictor game for the chance to win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes (India only)!

England's World Cup defence, meanwhile, has imploded, winning just one match out of six.

Here are all the match details for this Cricket World Cup 2023 clash, including TV information around the world, start time, betting odds and historical meetings in ODIs between the two nations.

MORE: Cricket World Cup 2023 full schedule of fixtures and results

When is Australia's next match at Cricket World Cup 2023?

Australia's next match at the 2023 World Cup will be against England in Ahmedabad on November 4, 2023.

The match will begin at 2:00 pm IST.

Here's when the match starts around the world and where to watch: 

 	Start time	TV/Live Stream
India	 2:00pm (IST)	Sports Star/Disney+ Hotstar
Australia	 7:30pm (AEST)	Fox Cricket/9Now, Kayo Sports
UK	 9:30am (BST)	Sky Sports/Sky Sports Go, Now TV
New Zealand	 9:30pm (NZDT)	Sky Sport/Sky Sport Now
USA/Canada	 4:30am (ET)	Willow TV/ESPN+
Australia vs England Head-to-Head in ODIs

Australia and England have faced off on 155 occasions in ODIs, with Australia winning 87 of those matches. 

 	Won	Lost	Tie/NR
Australia	87	63	2/3
England	63	87	2/3
Australia vs England predictions, latest betting odds

The Australian batting lineup has begun to click, particularly with the return of Travis Head to the side. While their bowling could still do with some improvement, they still look like a superb all-round outfit.

England have looked below-par in every department thus far, and it is difficult to look past an Australian win in this one.

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup 2023? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here. 

Fans in the UK can check out all the latest promotions, bonuses and free bets on the Cricket World Cup 2023 via our partners BetOnSports here.

RAHUL IYER

Rahul is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
NFL Teams
Partners
NBA
DAZN
Goal
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/au/cricket/news/australia-next-match-cricket-world-cup-2023-england-icc-odi/75b1ae5f725f3d857d08dd89 
 ----- 
