Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
BAY AREA
News
Weather
Sports
Video
52°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Shea Langeliers' walkoff home run lifts A's over Mariners

September 2, 2024 / 7:51 PM PDT / AP

OAKLAND -- Shea Langeliers led off the ninth inning with his second home run of the game and first career walkoff hit, lifting the Oakland Athletics over the Seattle Mariners 5-4 on Monday.

Langeliers connected on a 3-2 sweeper from Austin Voth (2-5) and kept the ball just fair inside the left-field foul pole to cheers from fans among the 12,167 in the Labor Day crowd at the Coliseum.

"I was just hoping it was going to stay fair and kind of just walking out of the box watching it it stayed true," Langeliers said. "In that moment I didn't really know what to do. Just full of excitement. Running around the bases you feel like a little kid."

Tyler Ferguson (3-2) struck out the side in order in the ninth for the victory.

The A's (60-78) matched their wins total of 2022 — 10 more than last year's finish at 50-112.

A's Shea Langeliers celebrates a walk-off solo home run in the bottom of the ninth inning against the Mariners Sept. 2, 2024 in Oakland. 
LACHLAN CUNNINGHAM / GETTY IMAGES

Langeliers hit a three-run homer in the fourth for Oakland, returning home from a six-game trip in which it lost three of the last four.

A's manager Mark Kotsay watched third base coach Eric Martins to see whether Langeliers' game-winner would stay fair.

"Ultimately I was thinking through preparation for the 10th inning and looked up. I heard the sound and said, 'Ooh, where'd it go?' And then I said, 'Please stay fair,'" Kotsay said.

Langeliers has a career-high 25 home runs. He joined Terry Steinbach (1996) and Gene Tenace (1974, '75) as A's catchers with at least 25 home runs in a season. Steinbach is the only one with 30, hitting 35 that year.

"For sure, it's definitely a goal," Langeliers said of reaching 30 homers.

Seattle's Justin Turner and Jorge Polanco drew consecutive one-out walks from Michel Otañez in the eighth and Leo Rivas ran for Turner.

Rivas took off as Dylan Moore struck out and third baseman Tristan Gray lunged left and swiped his left glove over the runner sliding headfirst. Rivas was called out by umpire Todd Tichenor but the call was reversed in a video review.

Justin Turner hit a tying RBI single in the sixth that chased A's starter Osvaldo Bido. T.J. McFarland relieved and recorded the final two outs around a walk to pinch-hitter Mitch Garver.

Cal Raleigh hit a two-run homer in the first inning to put Seattle ahead and Julio Rodríguez added a sacrifice fly in the third.

Seattle lost its third straight after dropping the final two to the Angels and considers this a key four-game set in their final visit to Oakland.

"This is a team that's had a good second half and we all know that, we were prepared," manager Dan Wilson said. "Again, the effort was there. It was a great fight and it's a tough one but tomorrow's another day."

Mariners starter Logan Gilbert allowed four runs on four hits, struck out nine and walked one over six innings. But the right-hander missed becoming the 19th player in team history with 40 wins in a Seattle uniform.

Bido settled for a second straight no-decision and still has his career-best three-game winning streak intact. The right-hander had been 3-0 with a 1.17 ERA over his previous four starts.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Athletics: LHP Scott Alexander threw to hitters as he works back from rotator cuff tendinitis in his pitching shoulder. 1B/C Tyler Soderstrom (bone bruise on his left wrist) was one of the hitters and is scheduled to hit on the field Tuesday before leaving Wednesday to possibly begin a rehab assignment. ... RHP Austin Adams (forearm tendinitis on pitching arm) is set to throw bullpen sessions Tuesday and Friday ahead of a potential rehab outing, and the A's remain hopeful he will return by season's end.

UP NEXT

RHP Luis Castillo (11-12, 3.65 ERA) takes the mound Tuesday for the Mariners. RHP J.T. Ginn (0-0, 5.19 ERA) tries again for his first big league victory after making his major league debut for the Athletics on Aug. 21 against Tampa Bay.

More from CBS News
Warriors coach Steve Kerr loses childhood home in Palisades Fire
Burglars repeatedly target home of Oakland Hills fire victim
Bay Area wildfire victims offer hope to Southern California survivors who lost all
Oakland triple shooting at birthday party leaves 2 dead, 1 injured
In: A's Oakland Athletics Oakland A's

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Contact KPIX
News
Sports
Weather
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KPIX-TV / CBS5
Public File for KPYX / KPIX+
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/sanfrancisco/news/shea-langeliers-walkoff-home-run-lifts-athletics-over-mariners/ 
 ----- 
