Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Oakland A's Breakout Star on Historic Run as Seattle Mariners Begin New Series Monday
The Seattle Mariners begin a new series on Monday with the Oakland Athletics, and they'll have to deal with the historically hot Lawrence Butler.
Brady Farkas | Sep 2, 2024
Oakland Athletics right fielder Lawrence Butler (4) follows through as he hits a solo home run during the fourth inning against the Texas Rangers at Globe Life Field on Aug 31. / Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners open up a critical four-game series on Monday afternoon against the Oakland Athletics in Oakland. It will be the final series for the M's in Oakland before the team shuffles off to Sacramento for the foreseeable future. They will eventually land in Las Vegas, though we don't know for sure when.

The M's enter play on Monday at 69-68 on the year. They are 6.0 games back of the Houston Astros in the American League West and 5.5 games back of the final wild card spot. Though the season is not mathematically over, it feels over to most people on the outside.

That said, there are still 25 games to play and the M's would be best served winning as many of them as possible. If they are going to beat the A's, they are going to have to figure out how to neutralize the historically-hot Lawrence Butler, who comes in on an unreal six-game stretch.

Per @JayHayKid of the "Baseball is Dead" podcast:

Lawrence Butler is 7th player in MLB history to hit record 6+ HR and 2+ SB while striking out only once over a 6-game span, joining Ken Williams (1922), Willie Mays (1958), Frank Robinson (1962), Bo Jackson (1990), Barry Larkin (1991) and Richard Hidalgo (2000).

Butler went 4-for-5 on Sunday as the A's lost to the Texas Rangers. He's hitting .265 for the year with 20 homers, 53 RBI and 13 stolen bases. Just 24 years old, he was drafted in the sixth round of the 2018 draft out of the Georgia high school ranks.

The Mariners will play the A's at 4:07 p.m. PT on Monday.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas talks about the criticism that Jerry Dipoto has received in Scott Servais's firing, the M's early success under Dan Wilson and the comments made by Ryan Divish recently on the "Marine Layer" podcast. Furthermore, Danny O'Neil, who wrote a tough column calling for Dipoto to be fired joins the show. CLICK HERE:

TURNIN TWO: Justin Turner had a multi-homer game on Saturday night against the Angels, making him just the third player in team history to accomplish this specific feat. CLICK HERE:

HISTORIC CONTROL: The M's starting rotation is on track for baseball history in 2024. CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Sep 2, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/oakland-athletics-breakout-star-lawrence-butler-on-historic-run-as-seattle-mariners-begin-new-series-monday-in-oakland 
 ----- 
