Skip to content
Subscribe Now
30°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
LATEST HEADLINES
Kody Clemens caps wild ninth inning with walk-off hit, Phils beat Rays
Kody Clemens is in the middle of that wet and wild Phillies mess Monday night after his walk-off hit off Toronto reliever Garrett Cleavinger in the ninth capped a 2-1 victory at Citizens Bank Park. (Derik Hamilton – The Associated Press)
By AARON BRACY | Associated Press
UPDATED: September 9, 2024 at 10:29 PM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — Kody Clemens singled with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning after Tampa Bay had tied the score in the top of the inning, and the Phillies beat the Rays 2-1 on Monday night.

Kyle Schwarber homered and Cristopher Sánchez pitched six shutout innings to help NL East-leading Philadelphia begin a six-game homestand with its 48th home victory of the season. The Phillies entered tied with the Dodgers for the most home wins in baseball.

Brandon Lowe hit the tying homer for the Rays, who began play five games out of a wild-card spot in the American League.

Manuel Rodríguez got the first out in the bottom of the ninth before being relieved by Garrett Cleavinger (3-5), who loaded the bases with two outs on a pair of singles and a walk. Clemens lined a 1-0, 95-mph sinker into right field to draw loud “KO-DY! KO-DY!” cheers from the crowd of 39,511.

Fellow Lehigh Valley promotee Buddy Kennedy, a native of nearby Millville, N.J., had walked just ahead of Clemens, and received a similar “Buddy! Buddy!” chanting treatment.

“Obviously growing up a Phillies fan, being on the fan side of it and chanting all my life, and then being in the (batter’s) box, I was calm and collected when I got there,” Kennedy said. “And then when I heard the Buddy chants, I was like ‘OK dude, you’ve just got to relax.'” Kennedy said. “Let it all just be in the moment and obviously do your job. But it was something very special and I’ll remember that for the rest of my life.”

“It was awesome; being on deck and hearing Buddy’s name was pretty surreal,” Clemens said. “I was getting chills for him. For them to just roll it over for me was super-cool as well.”

Carlos Estévez (4-4) blew his fifth save and second in six chances with the Phillies since being acquired prior to the July trade deadline in the top of the inning. Lowe led off the ninth with a drive to deep center. Johan Rojas appeared to make a stellar, leaping catch against the wall in left-center in the deepest part of the park, but his glove hit the top of the wall as he was coming out of his leap, and the ball popped out of Rojas’ glove and over the fence for a home run.

The Phillies finished with five hits but didn’t get their first until Schwarber’s shot with one out in the sixth.

After Rays opener Cole Sulser pitched a scoreless first, Tyler Alexander retired his first 13 batters before Schwarber’s drive that traveled an estimated 447 feet. It was the sixth homer in seven games for Schwarber.

Sánchez struck out four and gave up four hits in six innings. Orion Kerkering tossed a 1-2-3 seventh, and Jeff Hoffman worked out of a jam in the eighth.

The Rays were vying for the fifth no-hitter in the majors this season and the second in franchise history, following Matt Garza’s no-hitter against Detroit on July 26, 2010. Philadelphia has been no-hit 22 times, which is the most in baseball.

Tampa Bay threatened in the eighth against Hoffman, putting runners on first and third with two outs on singles by Yandy Díaz and Jonny DeLuca. But Hoffman struck out Junior Caminero for the final out to keep the Rays off the board.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: C JT Realmuto (left knee contusion) was out of the lineup for the third straight game.

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Taj Bradley (6-10, 4.40) opposes Phillies LHP Ranger Suárez (12-6, 2.90) in the second game of the series on Tuesday night.

 

Originally Published: September 9, 2024 at 9:59 PM EDT
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
North Charleston: Modern 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
SeniorLiving2
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation You Won't Believe!
Tardive Dyskinesia
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
15 Breakfast Foods You Shouldn't Be Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Harmful Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Diamonds
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in North Charleston! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Wrinkles? Forget Botox, Do This at Home
WellnessGaze Skin
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
If You Can't Sleep (Insomnia) - Do This Next Time You Sleep
WG Sleep Health
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
When Neuropathy Hits, Try This (Watch)
Growth Advice
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Surgeon: if Your Hair is Thinning, Do This Immediately
WG Hair Restore
Neuropathy? When The Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Crozer Health parent company Prospect Medical Holdings says it is going Chapter 11
Crozer Health parent company Prospect Medical Holdings says it is going Chapter 11
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
Archbishop of Philadelphia to lead discussions across archdiocese
Archbishop of Philadelphia to lead discussions across archdiocese
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
Girls Basketball: Fanning twins bringing winning touch to Strath Haven hoops
Girls Basketball: Fanning twins bringing winning touch to Strath Haven hoops
Sixers owners reportedly reverse course, won’t build contentious $1.3B downtown stadium
Sixers owners reportedly reverse course, won’t build contentious $1.3B downtown stadium
PennDOT road work in Delaware County, week of Jan. 12, 2025
PennDOT road work in Delaware County, week of Jan. 12, 2025
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
Fire at Brookhaven Taco Bell prompts big response
Fire at Brookhaven Taco Bell prompts big response
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
Birds’ defense more than makes up for offense’s rust
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Eagles offensive at right times, but far from the full game
Jalen Hurts tosses 2 TD passes, Dallas Goedert throws 3 stiff-arms to lead Eagles past Packers
Penn State secondary loses cornerback Jalen Kimber, adds safety King Mack
2024
September
9
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Public Notices
Jobs
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delcotimes.com/2024/09/09/kody-clemens-caps-wild-ninth-inning-with-walk-off-hit-phils-beat-rays/ 
 ----- 
