Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
DETROIT
News
Weather
Sports
Videos
20°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Tigers clinch AL wild card with 4-1 win over White Sox, ending 10-year postseason drought

Updated on: September 28, 2024 / 10:09 AM EDT / AP

The Detroit Tigers earned an AL wild card berth on Friday night, ending a decade-long postseason drought.

Detroit clinched a spot in the playoffs with a 4-1 win over the Chicago White Sox, who set a modern major league record with their 121st loss.

The Tigers have been on a tear, winning six straight and 10 of 11 to surge into the playoffs and eliminate the defending AL Central champion Minnesota Twins from the race.

Since Aug. 11, when Detroit was eight games under .500 and counted out of contention, it has been the hottest team in the majors with 31 wins in 42 games with the lowest ERA in baseball and the largest run differential.

AL Cy Young Award favorite Tarik Skubal leads Detroit's rotation and Jason Foley has become a reliable closer in a strong bullpen.

Riley Greene, an All-Star outfielder, is the team's top player in a lineup that gets timely hitting from the top to the bottom.

Detroit Tigers outfielder Parker Meadows celebrates after the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Friday, Sept. 27, 2024, in Detroit.
CARLOS OSORIO / AP

Taking advantage of playing a historically bad team, Detroit broke a scoreless tie in the fifth inning Friday night. Jake Rogers scored when Jared Shuster was charged with a wild pitch even though the ball didn't hit the dirt just below catcher Korey Lee's glove.

Greene put Detroit ahead 3-1 with a double in the seventh, and Chicago helped the home team's cause again later in the inning when Fraser Ellard threw the team's third wild pitch of the night.

Detroit went into the season expecting to contend for a spot in the playoffs in a second full season under president of basketball operations Scott Harris and A.J. Hinch's fourth year as manager.

The Tigers started strong, winning six of their first seven games. They had a winning record until mid-May, when the team started to slide in the standings.

They appeared to be out of pitching at the end of July when Kenta Maeda was demoted to the bullpen, Casey Mize and Reese Olson were injured and Jack Flaherty was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Each time it looked like the Tigers might rally, they would fail to sustain success and many fans in the state turned their attention to football.

Hinch got creative, rolling with a rotation of Skubal and rookie Keider Montero while relying on the bullpen to pitch entire games such as the series opener against the White Sox in front of 44,435 fans at Comerica Park.

Skubal and Montero have combined to go 11-3 since August 1, but only one other starting pitcher has won a game, and that was Brant Hurter against the Los Angeles Angels a month ago.

The Motor City's baseball team salvaged the season and revived interest, drawing big crowds after closing recent seasons in a mostly empty ballpark.

More from CBS News
Detroit Pistons beat New York Nets, 113-98, for 5th straight win
Cade Cunningham leads Pistons' rally over Blazers and rare .500 record
Patrick Kane's power-play goal in OT lifts Red Wings past Senators
Amon-Ra St. Brown giving away playoff tickets in support of bakery
In: MLB Chicago White Sox Minnesota Twins Sports Detroit Tigers

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
California Notice
Your Privacy Choices
CBS Detroit
News
Sports
Weather
Entertainment
Video
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for WWJ-TV / CBS Detroit
Public File for WKBD-TV / Detroit 50
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/detroit/news/tigers-clinch-al-wild-card/ 
 ----- 
