 MENU
My Picks
Chicago White Sox vs Detroit Tigers Prediction MLB Picks 9/28/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 27, 2024 9:57 pm
Detroit Tigers (85-74) vs Chicago White Sox (39-120)
Game Info: Saturday, September 28, 2024 at 1:10 pm (Comerica Park)
Beau Brieske (4-4) (3.56) vs Sean Burke (1-0) (1.93)
Betting Odds: Detroit Tigers -240 / Chicago White Sox +198 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY, NBCSN

The Chicago White Sox and the Detroit Tigers meet Saturday in MLB action from Comerica Park. Here’s a Chicago White Sox vs Detroit Tigers prediction. This will be the second installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best White Sox vs Tigers pick. We will examine:

The Chicago White Sox recent form and player performance

The Detroit Tigers recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Chicago White Sox

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Detroit Tigers

Recent betting trends in games played between the White Sox and Tigers

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the White Sox vs Tigers game

Chicago White Sox Betting Preview

This week the White Sox did the unthinkable by sweeping a series versus the Los Angeles Angels 3-2, 4-3 and 7-0. On Friday the Sox took a 4-1 loss with three hits and two errors.

Sean Burke will start for the White Sox on Saturday. So far Burke is 1-0 with a 1.93 ERA in three games (two starts) during his rookie campaign.

Detroit Tigers Betting Preview

Over on the Tigers’ side, they didn’t have too many issues versus the Tampa Bay Rays this week, taking a sweep with wins 2-1, 7-1 and 4-3. On Friday the Tigers had seven team hits in the victory.

Beau Brieske will start for Detroit on Saturday. Brieske is 4-4 with a 3.56 ERA and 68 Ks this year.

Total Runs Facts
Eight of the White Sox's last nine games have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Six of the last seven games between the White Sox and Tigers at Comerica Park have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Tigers' last nine day games against American League opponents.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the White Sox's last six road games.
Detroit Tigers Player Prop Facts
Matt Vierling has recorded a Double in each of his last three appearances against the White Sox after playing the previous day.
Kerry Carpenter has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances against AL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Matt Vierling has scored at least one run in five of his last six appearances against AL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Javier Baez has hit a home run in two of his last three home appearances with the Tigers against AL opponents.
Riley Greene has recorded two or more total bases in each of his last seven home appearances against the White Sox after playing the previous day.
Colt Keith has recorded at least one RBI in five of the Tigers' last six games against AL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Riley Greene has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances against AL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Chicago White Sox Player Prop Facts
Andrew Benintendi has recorded an RBI in three of his last four appearances against AL opponents.
Andrew Vaughn has recorded at least one hit in each of his 10 previous Saturday appearances against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Yoan Moncada has recorded a Double in six of his last eight appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Yoan Moncada has recorded a Single in each of his last five appearances against opponents that held a winning record.
Luis Robert has scored a run in four of his last five appearances in day games.
Andrew Vaughn has hit a home run in four of the White Sox's last eight road games against AL opponents.
Yoan Moncada has recorded two or more total bases in seven of his last eight appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Chicago White Sox vs Detroit Tigers Prediction

I might take the White Sox on a value play here. Burke is doing well over limited action so far. In his last three outings Burke is 1-0 with three earned runs in 14.0 innings on 10 hits and four walks.

On Friday the White Sox had a couple of bad innings and Zach DeLoach had two of the team’s meager three hits. The pen needs to perform better Saturday but Chicago should still have a legitimate shot. I”m probably not touching it, though.

Andrew’s Pick
Chicago White Sox +198
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-28/chicago-white-sox-vs-detroit-tigers-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
