Skip to Main Content
OPEN
CLOSE
MENU
Boston.com
Search
SPORTS
CELTICS
JAYSON TATUM
JAYLEN BROWN
PATRIOTS
BRUINS
RED SOX
REVS
RED SOX
‘I should catch that every time’: Rob Refsnyder owns critical fielding mistake in loss to Tigers
Refsnyder misread a fly ball in the outfield that allowed the Tigers' only two runs of the game to score.
Rob Refsnyder made a costly mistake in a Red Sox loss Saturday. Duane Burleson/Getty Images

By Colin McCarthy

September 1, 2024
1 minute to read
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
6

Rob Refsnyder’s early misread in the outfield turned out very costly for the Red Sox on Saturday.

In the bottom of the second inning, Detroit batter Trey Sweeney belted a fly ball toward the outfield wall. Refsnyder misjudged the distance on the hit and came up short of making a relatively routine catch on the warning track. As a result, two Tigers scored.

Detroit went on to beat the Red Sox, 2-1, scoring its only two runs on the error. One non-Major League Baseball affiliated algorithm estimated Refsnyder had a 100 percent chance to catch the ball.

“I should catch that every time,” Refsnyder told reporters after the game. “I apologized to Nick [Pivetta]. Disappointed that I didn’t catch it … the wind took it a lot further than I thought, and yeah, that’s all on me.”

"I should catch that every time"

Rob Refsnyder owned up to his dropped fly ball in the second inning. pic.twitter.com/6pTuZcPJTW

— NESN (@NESN) September 1, 2024

Boston had plenty of time to make up for the poor defensive play, but struggled to generate any offense against Tigers ace Tarik Skubal. Skubal worked eight innings, striking out eight Red Sox batters and only allowing four hits. His one true blemish came in the first inning, when Tyler O’Neill launched a solo home run to open the evening’s scoring.

ADVERTISEMENT:

After the O’Neill blast, Boston’s bats went silent – despite solid pitching of its own from Pivetta, who tossed six innings and recorded six strikeouts.

Without the run support on the other side, though, Pivetta earned another loss, and Boston’s American League wild card hopes took another hit. The Red Sox are 3.5 games back from the Minnesota Twins for the final wild card spot.

Sign up for Red Sox updates⚾

Get breaking news and analysis delivered to your inbox during baseball season.

Submit your email
Enter your email address
Sign up
Conversation
This discussion has ended. Please join elsewhere on Boston.com
In Related News
Alex Cora reveals real reason Masataka Yoshida didn’t play outfield in 2024, opens door for more fielding time in 2025
MORNING SPORTS UPDATE
How far apart Red Sox, Jarren Duran reportedly were in arbitration figure submissions
RED SOX
Walker Buehler is guaranteed $21 million in contract with Red Sox
Follow Boston.com on Instagram (Opens in a New Tab)
Follow Boston.com on Twitter (Opens in a New Tab)
Like Boston.com on Facebook (Opens in a New Tab)

©2025 BOSTON GLOBE MEDIA PARTNERS, LLC

Tell Us What You Think
DO NOT SELL MY DATA
GAMBLING DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
ADVERTISE
TERMS OF SERVICE
MEMBER AGREEMENT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
SITE MAP
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners will store and access information on your device with your consent. Browsing data is collected through the use of cookies to process personal data. You can give or withdraw your consent by clicking on the `Show Purposes` button. You can manage your choices and exercise your right to object on the basis of legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the cog icon at the bottom left corner of every page.Privacy Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.boston.com/sports/boston-red-sox/2024/09/01/mlb-red-sox-tigers-rob-refsnyder-owns-mistake-recap-quotes/ 
 ----- 
