Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Blue Jays vs Braves Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s MLB Game

With two solid pitchers headed to the bump tonight in Kevin Gausman and Max Fried, our MLB expert Andrew Caley believes runs will be few and far between to start the game. Find out more below.

Andrew Caley • Senior Betting Analyst
Sep 6, 2024 • 14:36 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

After dropping a series to the Philadelphia Phillies, the Toronto Blue Jays go from one tough National League East opponent to another as they hit the road to open a series with the Atlanta Braves.

While the Blue Jays will be underdogs in this matchup, my Blue Jays vs Braves predictions will focus on their ability to keep this one close as we have a pitcher’s duel on our hands. 

Join me as I break down my favorite MLB picks for September 6. 

Blue Jays vs Braves prediction

My best bet
Under 4.5 First Five Innings (-139 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

The Toronto Blue Jays fought hard against the National League East-leading Philadelphia Phillies this week, but it wasn’t good enough as they dropped both games in the mini two-game set.

While the bullpen is still a mess and the wins may not be there, there’s no doubt this Blue Jays team has been more enjoyable to watch since the trade deadline. Someone else who is playing better is tonight’s starter, Kevin Gausman.

It’s been a bit of a roller-coaster season for Gausman, who has certainly regressed a bit after two very strong years in Toronto. But the right-hander has looked a little more like that guy of late.

Gausman is pitching to a 2.20 ERA and is limiting opponents to a .179 batting average over his last five starts and while a matchup against the Atlanta Braves isn’t easy, the Braves aren’t exactly the juggernaut they were last season.

Injuries have played a part in that, but they have also regressed a little. Right-handers in particular have been a problem. Atlanta enters this game ranking 20th in batting average, 18th in OPS, and 20th in wRC+ vs. righties this season.

Luckily, for the Braves, they hand the ball to Max Fried for this interleague matchup. Fried has also been a little up-and-down this season and is sporting a solid, if unspectacular, 3.79 expected ERA. He’s been solid recently with a 3.33 ERA and a .212 opponent batting average over his last three starts.

But he’s also the type of pitcher that can give this young Blue Jays lineup problems. Fried uses a large mix of pitches to keep hitters off balance and is one of the better pitchers in the league in creating soft contact. Plus, he’s a southpaw.

Toronto ranks 26th in batting average, 25th in OPS, and 23rd in wRC+ when facing left-handed pitching this season.

I’m betting pitching is the story early on in this one and taking the five-inning Under as my best bet.

MORE MLB PICKS

Blue Jays star player prop

My best bet
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Over 0.5 RBI (+175 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has picked up in September right where he left off in August. The Blue Jays’ star first baseman already has five knocks in just two games so far this month.

Vladdy enters this matchup now hitting .328 with a .963 OPS, 28 home runs, and 92 RBI, and while the Jays as a team have had their struggles vs. southpaws, the same can’t be said for their slugger.

Guerrero has a .337 batting average with a 1.079 OPS when facing left-handed pitching this season. He has also driven in at least one run in six of his 10 games and I like the odds to back him to do it again tonight.

The price for Guerrero to go Over 0.5 RBI is too high not to take, in fact, it’s a five-star play per our Covers Prop Projections at these odds.

Ontario sports bettors: Play the Jays your way with PROLINE+

Ontario-owned and operated, PROLINE+ has a robust market offering at its disposal and reinvests 100% of its profits back into the province — join today!

Sign Up Now at 

Blue Jays vs Braves odds
Blue Jays vs Braves live odds

Blue Jays vs Braves opening odds
Moneyline: Toronto +150 | Atlanta -180
Run line: Toronto +1.5 -140 | Atlanta -1.5 +120
Over/Under: Over 7.5 | Under 7.5
Blue Jays vs Braves moneyline and Over/Under analysis
The Blue Jays opened this interleague matchup as +150 road underdogs but early bettors have seen a little value in them with the line moving to the +140 range.
That's likely due to the fact this pitching matchup is closer than the line suggests.
The total hit the board at 7.5 and has hit an even 8.0, but 7.5s have started to pop back up as of Friday afternoon.
I like the first five-inning Under in this matchup, but a Blue Jays bullpen that has the third-worst ERA in baseball has me avoiding the full-game Under.
Blue Jays vs Braves trend

The Blue Jays have hit the Game Total Under in 5 of their last 6 away games for +3.90 Units and a 60% ROI. Find more MLB betting trends for Blue Jays vs. Braves.

Blue Jays vs Braves game info
Location:	Truist Park, Atlanta, GA
Date:	Friday, 9-6-2024
First pitch:	7:20 p.m. ET
TV:	Sportsnet, Bally Sports Southeast
Blue Jays starting pitcher:	Kevin Gausman
(12-10, 4.07 ERA)
Braves starting pitcher:	Max Fried
(8-8, 3.52 ERA)
Blue Jays vs Braves latest injuries

Blue Jays vs Braves weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Ontario Sportsbooks
Prince Edward Island Sports Betting
Georgia Sports Betting
Ontario Online Casinos
Hawaii Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Ontario Betting Apps
Interac Betting Sites Ontario
Paypal Betting Sites Ontario
Best Online PayPal Casinos in Ontario
   
Andrew Caley
Senior Betting Analyst

When his dreams of becoming the next Steve Nash died, all Andrew “Taco” Caley wanted to do was write about sports, something he’s been doing at Covers for more than a decade. A Journalism School grad from Holland College in Charlottetown, PEI, Andrew previously worked at The Chronicle Herald and Star Metro, but knew in his heart that his future lay in sports. He began at Covers as a news editor and has now done everything under the sun when it comes to content. His work has been seen on TSN, Sportsnet, VSiN, and CBS.

These days Andrew’s betting expertise is focused on his favorite teams – the Toronto Blue Jays and Toronto Raptors. He’s also an avid college football fan and bettor. He can’t be friends with you if you don’t appreciate a Service Academy Under. You can also call him Covers’ Sixth Man, as he regularly steps up to guest host Before You Bet and our MLB and NCAAF release shows.

The sportsbook where he does the bulk of his betting is bet365 thanks to its numerous prop betting options and competitive odds. His best advice? Find the balance between the numbers and what you see on the playing field. Then find the best price using multiple books. And don’t ask him where the nickname Taco comes from. It’s not an interesting story. Seriously.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Vikings vs Rams Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/blue-jays-vs-braves-prediction-picks-tonight-friday-9-6-2024 
 ----- 
