NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Max Fried dominates Blue Jays for wild card-contending Braves
Associated Press
September 06, 2024 - 10:30pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-13:bdc5aa938e955ea9ab4acf2f Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Marcell Ozuna went 2-3 with a double and Max Fried spun seven innings without allowing an earned run as the Atlanta Braves topped the Toronto Blue Jays 3-1.
72 comments

ATLANTA (AP) — Max Fried pitched seven strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3-1 on Friday night.

Atlanta began the night tied with the Mets for the final NL wild-card spot. New York was playing the Cincinnati Reds.

Fried (9-8) had command of the plate all night, striking out eight and allowing just five hits. Toronto's lone run was unearned, coming in the third inning on an Atlanta error.

It marked the 25th straight game in which Atlanta pitchers have allowed three runs or fewer, the longest such streak in baseball this season and the longest in Braves franchise history.

Raisel Iglesias pitched out of trouble in the ninth for his 31st save in 34 opportunities, extending his scoreless streak to 24 1/3 innings.

The Braves got out to a 3-0 lead in the second inning and never looked back. Jarred Kelenic, Gio Urshela and Michael Harris II had RBI singles.

This was Atlanta's first win against Toronto since Aug. 6, 2020. The Blue Jays previously held a nine-game winning streak against the Braves, including a sweep of Atlanta in 2021.

Toronto starter Kevin Gausman (12-11) gave up three runs and six hits in six innings while walking three and striking out five. Prior to the loss, Gausman held the mark for fourth lowest ERA on the road in the AL this season at 2.52.

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. drove in Toronto's only run.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Blue Jays: INF Bo Bichette (calf strain) is set to join Triple-A Buffalo on Tuesday for a rehab stint before returning to the Toronto lineup.

Braves: INF Whit Merrifield returned to the lineup Friday after missing two games due to a concussion from taking a pitch to the back of the head, but left the game early after fouling a ball off of his left foot.

UP NEXT

Braves rookie RHP Spencer Schwellenbach (5-6, 3.69) will start against Blue Jays RHP José Berríos (14-9, 3.59).

MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Canada's next generation looks toward 2026 WBC
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/max-fried-dominates-blue-jays-for-wild-card-contending-braves/ 
 ----- 
