 MENU
My Picks
Toronto Blue Jays vs Atlanta Braves Prediction MLB Picks 9/6/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 5, 2024 10:33 pm
Atlanta Braves (76-63) vs Toronto Blue Jays (66-74)
Game Info: Friday, September 6, 2024 at 7:20 pm (Truist Park)
Max Fried (8-8) (3.52) vs Kevin Gausman (12-10) (4.07)
Betting Odds: Atlanta Braves -170 / Toronto Blue Jays +156 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Toronto Blue Jays and the Atlanta Braves meet Friday in MLB action from Truist Park. Here’s a Toronto Blue Jays vs Atlanta Braves prediction. This will be the first installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Blue Jays vs Braves pick. We will examine:

The Toronto Blue Jays' recent form and player performance

The Atlanta Braves' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Toronto Blue Jays

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Atlanta Braves

Recent betting trends in games played between the Blue Jays and Braves

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Blue Jays vs Braves game

Toronto Blue Jays Betting Preview

The Jays played a pair of games versus the Philadelphia Phillies this week. After a 10-9 loss in the opener, on Wednesday Toronto lost again 4-2. Toronto gave up three runs in the first two innings and couldn’t climb out of the hole.

Kevin Gausman will start for the Jays on Friday. Gausman is 12-10 with a 4.07 ERA and 145 Ks this year.

Atlanta Braves Betting Preview

Over on the Braves side, they played the Colorado Rockies in their last set. Atlanta won the opener 3-0, then on Wednesday the Braves took a 5-2 victory. In Thursday’s finale, Atlanta stumbled in a 3-1 loss. Reynaldo Lopez lasted 6.0 innings with 11 Ks and two earned runs.

As a starter for Friday’s opener, the Braves will go with Max Fried. This season Fried is 8-8 with a 3.52 ERA in 24 starts. Over 163 career games (146 starts) Fried is 70-34 with a 3.11 ERA.

Total Runs Facts
Each of the Braves' last seven home games after playing the previous day has gone UNDER the total runs line.
Each of the Blue Jays' last six night games against NL East opponents has gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Blue Jays' last five night games against National League opponents.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Braves' last three night games against AL East opponents.
Atlanta Braves Player Prop Facts
Matt Olson has recorded at least one Double in four of the Braves' last five games at Truist Park against AL East opponents that held a losing record.
Max Fried has recorded a win in each of his three previous appearances against AL East opponents that held a losing record.
Ronald Acuna Jr. has scored at least one run in each of his last nine Friday night appearances against teams that held a losing record.
Austin Riley has hit a home run in each of the Braves' last three games against AL East opponents that held a losing record.
Marcell Ozuna has recorded at least one hit in each of the Braves' last 10 night games against opponents that held a losing record.
Jarred Kelenic has recorded at least one total base in each of the Braves last 13 games against AL opponents at Truist Park.
Jarred Kelenic has recorded at least one RBI in four of the Braves' last five games against AL East opponents.
Ozzie Albies has recorded at least one Single in each of his last seven appearances at Truist Park against opponents that held a losing record.
Toronto Blue Jays Player Prop Facts
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has recorded at least one hit in 20 of his last 21 appearances against opponents that held a winning record.
Bo Bichette has scored at least one run in each of the Blue Jays' last five road games against the Braves.
Daulton Varsho has hit a home run in each of the Blue Jays' last two night games against opponents that held a winning record.
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has recorded at least one total base in 20 of his last 21 appearances against opponents that held a winning record.
Kevin Gausman has recorded six or more strikeouts in five of his last six appearances against NL East opponents.
Alejandro Kirk has recorded an RBI in six of his last seven appearances against NL opponents that held a winning record.
George Springer has recorded at least one Single in seven of the Blue Jays' last eight road games against NL East opponents.
Kevin Gausman has recorded a win in three of his last four appearances against NL opponents.
Davis Schneider has recorded a Double in four of his last five appearances against NL East opponents.
Toronto Blue Jays vs Atlanta Braves Prediction

I’ll lean toward Atlanta. Fried is coming off a loss to Philadelphia in his last outing, going 7.0 innings with three earned on five hits and four walks. In his two starts prior, however, Fried went 1-0 with a combined 12.0 innings and three earned runs. He’ll likely be able to deliver a quality start if all goes well.

On Thursday the Braves didn’t have too bad of an effort on the mound, but the bats couldn’t cash in on much. Atlanta needs to wake up on offense Friday, but I think they’ve got a good shot behind Fried.

Andrew’s Pick
Atlanta Braves -170
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-06/toronto-blue-jays-vs-atlanta-braves-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
