BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
European Championship
Groups & Schedule
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
Top Scorers
Euro 2024 last-16 line-up confirmed
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Jamal Musiala scored two goals for Germany in the group stage

Published
22 June 2024
Updated 26 June 2024

The group stage is wrapped up and we now know the 16 teams through to the knockout phase at Euro 2024.

The top two teams in all six groups qualified automatically, joined by the four best third-placed teams.

After two rest days, the last-16 games will start on Saturday with matches every day until Tuesday.

Here are the fixtures to look out for and who made it through each group.

What are the last 16 fixtures?

Switzerland v Italy - Saturday, 29 June (17:00)

Germany v Denmark - Saturday, 29 June (20:00)

England v Slovakia - Sunday, 30 June (17:00)

Spain v Georgia - Sunday, 30 June (20:00)

France v Belgium - Monday, 1 July (17:00)

Portugal v Slovenia - Monday, 1 July (20:00)

Romania v Netherlands - Tuesday, 2 July (17:00)

Austria v Turkey - Tuesday, 2 July (20:00)

All kick-off times BST

Group A - Germany and Switzerland through
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES

Scotland are out of Euro 2024 after finishing bottom of Group A following a last-gasp winner by Hungary in their final group-stage match.

Germany topped the group, while Switzerland progressed to the knockouts in second.

Hungary finished on three points but missed out on progressing as one of the best third-placed teams.

Group B - Spain and Italy in last 16
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES

Spain were already through to the last 16 as group winners with a game to spare.

Italy joined them as runners-up thanks to Mattia Zaccagni's injury-time equaliser against Croatia.

Croatia, who had looked set to go through until that late leveller, still had a slim hope they could still end up as one of the best third-placed teams, but England only drawing with Slovenia on Tuesday put paid to that.

Group C - England through as group winners despite draw
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES

England advanced to the last 16 as group winners despite failing to beat Slovenia in their final group game.

The Three Lions won Group C despite a dour 0-0 draw on Tuesday, as Serbia and Denmark also played out a goalless stalemate.

Denmark finished second and advanced automatically while Slovenia came in third and did enough to qualify as one of the best third-place teams.

The Danes and Slovenians finished level on points, goal difference and goals scored - but Denmark went through because Slovenia picked up one more yellow card than them (7-6).

Serbia finished bottom of Group C as their tournament came to an end.

Group D - Austria, France and Netherlands through

Austria leapfrogged France and the Netherlands and topped Group D with a 3-2 victory over the Dutch in their final group game.

They will play the Group F runner-up in the last 16, while France take on the Group E runner-up.

The Netherlands qualify as one of the best third-placed teams but will have to wait for the rest of the group stage to be completed before they find out their opponents.

Poland were already out before Tuesday's fixtures, becoming the first team to be eliminated from the competition following France's draw with the Netherlands on Friday.

Group E - Everyone on four points

Group E saw all four sides finish on four points for the first time in Euros history.

Romania topped the group to reach the knockout stages of a major tournament for the first time since Euro 2000.

Belgium, who surprisingly lost their opener to Slovakia and were held by Ukraine in their final group match, finished second and must play France in the last 16.

Slovakia progressed as one on the best third-placed finishers, while Ukraine - despite finishing with more points than some of the teams who reached the knockout stage from other groups - were eliminated after coming bottom.

Group F - Portugal through as group winners

Portugal are through to the last 16 as group winners.

Turkey beat the Czech Republic 2-1 in their final group game to progress in second place.

Georgia made history and reached their first major tournament knockout stage with victory over Portugal as they progressed as one of the best third-placed teams.

The Czech Republic were eliminated after finishing bottom of the group on one point.

How about the third-placed teams?
How were teams who finished level on points split?

Head-to-head results between team or teams

Head-to-head goal difference

Head-to-head goals scored

Overall goal difference

Overall goals scored

Lowest disciplinary points total (red card = 3 points, yellow card = 1 point, two yellow cards in one match = 3 points)

Ranking in qualifiers

Related topics
UEFA Euro 2024
Football

Euro 2024 latest news and updates

Euro 2024 fixtures and scores

Euro 2024 groups

More on this story

Euro 2024 highlights

Watch Euro 2024 on BBC iPlayer

Listen to the latest Football Daily podcast

Top stories

Littler fights past White and into Worlds fourth round

Published
5 hours ago

Atalanta stay top of Serie A with late equaliser at Lazio

Published
6 hours ago

Australia v India - fourth Test scorecard

Elsewhere on the BBC

The school run and playdate politics

Parenting chaos, PTA drama and no alone time

Challenging the news to a game of football

A mischievous look behind the week's headlines with clips, unexpected guests, and satire

A tale of ambition and fame gone wrong

From promises of a medical revolution to losing it all

Saturnalia: Celebrate the Ancient Roman mid-winter festival

Natalie Haynes creates stand-up routines about figures from ancient Greece and Rome.

Elsewhere in Sport

Where are all the English managers?

'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt. Video
'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich. Video
'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich

'If I'm in the firepit again, I can get out'

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Slam success & ranking rises - how British tennis thrived in 2024

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

'Self-doubt, errors & big changes' - inside the crisis at Man City

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

How Salah's stats rank among Premier League greats

How heavyweight division is shaping up - and fights we want to see

Delivery, timing and 'dark arts' - the anatomy of a set-piece

How Alfred went from breaking point to Olympic 100m gold

Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury. Video
Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c72202v5g08o 
 ----- 
