Please keep in mind that this site is using cookies. Read below the types of cookies we collect. Cookies policy
Preferences Accept all cookies
CZECH REPUBLIC VS TURKEY PREVIEW, LINEUPS AND PREDICTIONS
NewsUEFA EUROEURO 2024Czechia vs Türkiye
25 June 2024
0
Czech Republic vs Turkey EURO2024
Prediction	
	

Türkiye to Win	2.80	2.80

*Odds are subject to change

Wednesday brings another four games from Euro 2024 as followers enjoy the conclusion of Group E from 17:00 and Group F from 20:00 BST. All four games are broadcast live on television, meaning you’ll enjoy another action-packed evening from Germany. Which nations will land three crucial points and supercharge their chances of progressing to the knockout stages? In this article, we preview the Czech Republic vs Turkey.

The Czechs start round three in third place with one point on the board following a defeat and a draw in their opening two attempts. Turkey has been more convincing and kick-off in second place behind current leaders Portugal after one win and a defeat. Both teams involved in this fixture have a great chance of going through and that means we’re all set for a thrilling 90 minutes. Keep reading for our preview and predictions.

Location: Hamburg
Stadium: Volksparkstadion
Date: 26 June 2024
Kick-Off Time: 21:00 CEST (20:00 BST)
Referee: Istvan Kovacs
VAR: Tomasz Kwiatkowski
Czech Republic Team News
Source: BTA

The Czech Republic lost their opening group game against Portugal, as was expected, but they performed better than most predicted before ending with a 2-1 reverse. Portugal were the pre-competition favourites to win the pool, and they have a real chance of going on to lift the trophy, but Provod gave the Czechs a lead in that game before Portugal scored two late goals to win.

The Czechs then improved to draw 1-1 with Georgia, this time having to battle back from a goal down to rescue a point. Only a win and three points would be enough to keep them in the competition and keep their dreams alive. Everyone connected to the team knows much better is expected if they are to get the result, especially in defence.

Turkey Team News
Source: BTA

Turkey head into their final game of the group with their stats showing a win and a loss from their previous two games in Germany. The Turks impressed in qualifying and hit the ground running at Euro 2024 when celebrating a hard-fought but fully deserved 3-1 win over Georgia in Dortmund. It was a game they were favourites to claim and the players ensured Turkey got the victory.

Taking confidence from their win, the Turks aimed to seize control of the pool by beating betting favourites Portugal, but this time, things didn’t go as planned. Portugal won on matchday two thanks to a convincing 3-0 victory, reminding their opponents there’s still much work to do if they are to continue to shoot for the stars. The last game provided a harsh lesson for Team Turkey, but did they learn from that convincing defeat?

Czech Republic vs Turkey H2H Record and Key Numbers

The head-to-head stats show these nations have played 11 times previously, and the numbers couldn’t be any tighter. The Czechs boast five wins, and Turkey also has five wins, with the spare ending in a draw. The last clash ended in a 2-1 win for Turkey back in 2022 following an entertaining friendly.

Possible Lineups
Czech Republic (3-5-2): Stanek – Holes, Hranac, Krejci – Coufal, Soucek, Provod, Barak, Jurasek – Kuchta, Schick
Turkey (4-2-3-1): Bayindir – Kadioglu, Bardakci, Akaydin, Celik – Ayhan, Calhanoglu – Akturkoglu, Kokcu, Akgun – Yilmaz
Where to Watch Czech Republic vs Turkey Euro 2024 – TV and Online Live Streaming

Do you fancy watching this game at home or on your smartphone? ITV has all the build-up, live coverage, and expert post-game analysis. TRT 1 will show the game live in Turkey, while in Czechia the game will be live on Česká Televize.

Prediction

Followers will enjoy another competitive game from Euro 2024, with both teams shooting for a win and a spot in the next round. Anything can happen here, but I place my trust in Turkey as they were much better than the Czechs in qualifying and already have more points on the board in Germany. Back Turkey to win the game, secure all three points, and progress to the knockout stages, where they’ll keep fighting for the title.

For more Czech Rep. vs Turkey match predictions, you can see our tips page for the game.

EURO 2024
News
UEFA EURO
Author
Frank Monkhouse
Frank is an experienced author in the online betting industry with a lot of knowledge of bookmakers, features and sports. He is responsible for many of the reviews on our website.
COMMENT

No comments added yet. Be the first!

LATEST NEWS
Best Esports Events In 2025 You Can Bet On
Mbogo Enock asks: How do I post my Tips here?
The Biggest Sports Controversies in 2024 – You’ll Be Shocked By Number 3
Betting on Women’s Sports – Opportunities, Trends & Predictions for 2025
Best asks: “How do I get sure two odd”
EURO 2024
EURO 2024 Tournament Recap – Stats, Most Impressive Players & More
Spain vs England Match Preview: Lineups, News & Prediction (EURO2024 FINAL)
Netherlands vs England (EURO 2024): Preview, Lineups & Predictions (Semi-final)
Spain vs France EURO 2024 Prediction & Preview (Semi-final)
Netherlands vs Türkiye Match Prediction & Preview (EURO 2024 1/4 finals)
EN
Your Place for Betting Reviews,
Bonuses and Predictions Since 2013
 439
Bookmakers
 954
Casinos
 3338
Bonuses
 248
Guide Articles
 28
Certified Experts
 22876
Satisfied Users
Content
Bonuses
Best UK Betting Sites
Casinos
Comparison
Tips
Mobile Betting
eSports
Betting Guides
Useful
News
FAQ
Contacts
About Us
Write for Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Sitemap
As featured on
Socials Networks
 
 
 
 
E-mail
support@nostrabet.com
18+
©2013 - 2024 Nostrabet.com - All rights reserved. This site is not suitable for people under 18!
18+ Please, play responsibly!
Like
Love
Haha
Wow
Sad
Angry
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nostrabet.com/en/news/czech-republic-turkey-euro2024-match-preview/ 
 ----- 
