Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NCAAF
NFL
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Rangers
77-84, 33-47 Away
9
Final
Angels
63-98, 32-48 Home
8
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Rangers score four runs in ninth to beat Angels 9-8
ByAP
Sep 29, 2024, 06:02 am

ANAHEIM, Calif. -- — Jonathan Ornelas had a two-run, pinch-hit single in Texas' four-run ninth and the Rangers scored six times in the final two innings to beat the Los Angeles Angels 9-8 on Saturday night.

Nathaniel Lowe had a home run among his three hits and drove in three runs, including one on a bases-loaded walk for the Rangers’ first run of the ninth. Dane Dunning (5-7) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Kirby Yates got the last three outs for his 33rd save.

“We got down pretty good there and they just kept fighting,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said. “It was a very entertaining game. A little sloppy on both sides at time.”

Rookies Gustavo Campero and Niko Kavadas hit back-to-back home runs, and Logan O'Hoppe had four hits to tie a career high and scored twice for the Angels. Los Angeles squandered a 7-1 lead after three innings and lost their fifth straight game. They have lost 14th of their last 17 and extended their franchise record for losses in a season to 98.

With Angels left-hander Jose Quijada (2-2) on the mound to start the ninth inning, the Rangers loaded the bases on two walks and a hit batter. Lowe brought home in his third run on another walk to bring Texas to 8-6.

The Angels called on rookie right-hander Ryan Miller, who gave up Ornelas’ two-run single to right, with the go-ahead run scoring on the play when Campero fired an errant throw back to the infield.

“Ornelas, I put him in a little tough of a situation but nice piece of hitting on his part,” Bochy said of the late pinch-hit assignment in place of Leody Taveras.

Campero's eventful night for the Angels came in his 12th career game.

“If we could throw some strikes and put some balls in play, maybe some good things would have happened,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. "But it turned out to be an ugly ninth in for us. And the kid in right field (Campero) threw the ball into no man’s land. They’re feeling the heat and the pressure.”

Lowe’s home run in the second inning, his 15th of the season, gave the Rangers a 1-0 lead. The Angels moved in front 3-1 in the bottom of the inning on Michael Stefanic's RBI double, Taylor Ward's run-scoring grounder and Jack Lopez's RBI single.

One batter after Texas starter Andrew Heaney showed discomfort while slipping on a slow roller from O’Hoppe that went for an infield single, Campero hit his first career home run just inside the foul pole in left field for a three-run shot in the third inning. Seven pitches later, Kavadas hit a full-count drive to left, his fourth on the season for a 7-1 lead. It was the sixth time the Angels hit back-to-back home runs.

The Rangers pulled a run back in the fourth when Adolis Garcia scored after Carson Kelly grounded into a double play. Langford hit his 16th of the season in the sixth inning off Hunter Strickland as Texas pulled to 7-3.

The Rangers made it 8-5 in the eighth on an RBI double by Lowe and an RBI triple by Jonah Heim.

Heaney gave up seven runs on 10 hits over four innings in his final start of the season and what could be the last outing of his Rangers tenure after signing a two-year, $25 million deal before the 2023 season.

“I'm extremely thankful to have the opportunity to have these coaches, these players, the fans, being close to home,” Heaney said. “I had amazing things happen in my life here. I had my girls, won a World Series and got to play with these guys who I thoroughly enjoyed getting to play with.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rangers: RF Garcia departed in the sixth inning with a sore knee and is not expected to play Sunday, according to Bochy. ... RHP Josh Sborz was placed on the 15-day injured list with right shoulder fatigue, while LHP Walter Pennington was recalled from the minors.

Angels: 1B Nolan Schanuel (lower leg bruise) did not play for the third consecutive game and is not likely to play in Sunday’s season finale, according to manager Ron Washington. ... SS Zach Neto (right shoulder irritation) did not start for the second consecutive game and his status for Sunday remains undecided.

UP NEXT

Rangers: RHP Nathan Eovaldi (11-8, 3.96 ERA) will make his 29th start of the season in Sunday's season finale.

Angels: RHP Jack Kochanowicz (2-5, 4.01 ERA) will close the regular season with his 11th start since his MLB debut July 11.

------

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

Game Information
Angel Stadium
1:38 AM, September 29, 2024
Anaheim, California
Line: TEX -145
Over/Under: 8.5
Attendance: 41,560
Game Time:
3:08
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Alfonso Marquez
First Base Umpire - Edwin Jimenez
Second Base Umpire - Emil Jimenez
Third Base Umpire - Mark Ripperger
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap/_/gameId/401570883 
 ----- 
