Skip to main content
Login/Register
Home
Sports
ET Varsity
The Zone
Best Preps
College
High School
National
Pro
Search
Site search
Login/Register
Subscribe
Jacob deGrom pitches 4 solid innings and the Texas Rangers hit 4 homers in a 5-2 win over the Angels
GREG BEACHAM AP Sports Writer Sep 28, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Buy Now

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Jacob deGrom throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

ANAHEIM, Calif. — Jacob deGrom pitched four innings of one-run ball, and Wyatt Langford and Adolis García hit back-to-back homers in the first inning of the Texas Rangers' 5-2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night.

DeGrom allowed four hits and struck out five in his third start since returning from Tommy John surgery two weeks ago. The two-time NL Cy Young Award winner hadn't pitched in the majors since April 2023, but he says he's "close" to feeling like normal again on the mound after months of rehab.

Don't Miss These Articles
Two Smith County residents arrested on child abuse allegations
Support continues for family of Tyler murder victim as suspect remains wanted
Girls Basketball Notebook: Tyler's Kalyse Buffin takes weekly honor
LIST: Smith County area school closures, announcements
Family of East Texas woman allegedly killed by father of her child shares her story

"There's times in my windup or out of the stretch that I still feel that I have to think about a lot of things, versus, 'There's the glove, hit it,'" deGrom said. "That's what this offseason will be — locking that in in spring training and getting everything ready and where it needs to be."

DeGrom gave up 11 hits and two runs over 10 2/3 innings in his three starts this month. His fastball touched 98 mph against the Angels.

"I feel like that was the best one," deGrom said. "The goal was to get out there and make a few starts. We were able to do that, and everything felt good. Felt like stuff was getting better each time. We go into the offseason feeling good about it."

Texas manager Bruce Bochy said before the game that deGrom would throw five innings and about 75 pitches, but the Rangers and the star right-hander both decided they had seen enough good things to wrap up his season after four innings and 53 pitches.

"It's nice to know that we're going to have a healthy deGrom next year," Bochy said. "He's got great stuff. We all know how good this guy can be. You've seen one of the best pitchers in the game. At his age, still throwing the ball the way he is, it shows you what this guy can do when he's healthy."

Carson Kelly homered, doubled and singled for the Rangers, who are wrapping up their seventh losing season in eight years after winning the World Series last fall. Marcus Semien added his 23rd homer in the ninth for his third hit of the night.

Daniel Robert (4-4) pitched the sixth inning for Texas. Kirby Yates pitched the ninth for his 32nd save in 33 chances.

Niko Kavadas had an RBI double for the Angels, who took their team-record 97th loss in the worst season in franchise history. When the Detroit Tigers clinched a wild-card spot earlier Friday, they left the Halos in sole possession of the majors' longest postseason drought at 10 years.

Los Angeles has lost four straight and 13 of 16 heading into the final weekend of its major league-worst ninth consecutive losing season.

Reid Detmers (4-9) matched his career high with 12 strikeouts over five innings for the Angels, but the left-hander also yielded four runs on eight hits, including three homers.

Semien singled on Detmers' first pitch, and Langford brought him home with his seventh homer in September and the 15th homer of his standout rookie season. García then connected for his 25th homer, inciting a few boos from the long-suffering Orange County fans.

Jack López doubled and scored on Eric Wagaman's single in the first for Los Angeles. López doubled again in the third, giving him two in his first two career at-bats against deGrom, who entered the game with a .211 opponents' batting average over his 11-year career.

Kelly connected in the fourth inning for his first homer since Aug. 11 and his second since joining Texas in a trade with Detroit two months ago.

After Matt Festa relieved deGrom before the fifth, Gustavo Campero singled, stole second and scored on Kavadas' double.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Rangers: LF Ezequiel Duran returned from the paternity list. ... RHP Kumar Rocker and RHP Jack Leiter were optioned to the minors. Both are done for the season because they combined to pitch eight innings Thursday.

Angels: SS Zach Neto (right shoulder irritation) and 1B Nolan Schanuel (lower leg bruise) sat out after getting hurt earlier in the week in Chicago.

UP NEXT

Longtime Angels left-hander Andrew Heaney (5-14, 3.98 ERA) takes the mound for Texas against Griffin Canning (6-13, 5.24), who goes after his third victory in September after an inconsistent season.

Articles Suggested For You

Two Smith County residents arrested on child abuse allegations

Support continues for family of Tyler murder victim as suspect remains wanted

Girls Basketball Notebook: Tyler's Kalyse Buffin takes weekly honor

Family of East Texas woman allegedly killed by father of her child shares her story

LIST: Smith County area school closures, announcements

Enjoy unlimited content like this...
Subscribe Now

— Hicks can be reached at phicks@tylerpaper.com

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Jacob Degrom Home Run Detroit Tigers Outdoor Sports Major League Baseball Postseason Turf Sports Athletic Sports Major League Baseball Competitions Baseball Playoffs And Champions Seasons In American Sport Team Sports Seasons In Baseball Ball And Bat Games Baseball Teams Major League Baseball Teams Seasons Major League Baseball Seasons Baseball Major League Baseball Teams Major League Baseball Sports Los Angeles Angels October Sporting Events Pitch (baseball) Baseball Finals World Series Reid Detmers
Most Popular from ET Varsity
East Texas standouts meet Houston stars in Bayou Bowl
TSWA 6A Volleyball: Tyler Legacy's Taylor Woods earns All-State honors
Basketball Roundup: Results for Tyler Legacy, Chapel Hill, Bullard, Brownsboro, Troup, Brook Hill and more
TSWA 5A Volleyball: Tyler's Zaniah Johnson, Whitehouse' Ellie Cooley earn All-State honors
TSWA 4A Volleyball: East Texans earn All-State honors
Boys Soccer Notebook: Tyler Legacy's Axel Ruben takes weekly honor
<
<
Sign Up for Newsletters
Email*
Select Newsletters to Sign Up For
 News Updates
 Breaking News
 Sports Digest
 Obituaries and Death Notices
Submit
<
NEWSPAPER ADS
Funeral Home Jan,Feb, March 25
PROMO Scared of Santa Priz TMT
TMT Obits e-Edition
TMT Breaking News e-Edition
Trending Articles
Two Smith County residents arrested on child abuse allegations
Support continues for family of Tyler murder victim as suspect remains wanted
Girls Basketball Notebook: Tyler's Kalyse Buffin takes weekly honor
Bullard increases water, wastewater rates
Tyler Transit adjusting service hours due to predicted icy road conditions
Tyler man accused of violent 2023 murder will go to trial in 2026
LIST: Smith County area school closures, announcements
SECTIONS
Home
News
Sports
Business
Arts & Entertainment
Announcements
Obituaries
Opinion
Archives
Multimedia
Online Features
SERVICES
Local Events
Promote Your Event
About Us
Contact Us
Ethics Policy
Email Alerts
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Submit Content
Place An Ad
Subscribe
CONTACT INFORMATION
tylerpaper.com
100 E. Ferguson, Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: 903-597-8111
Email: feedback@tylerpaper.com

Subscribe
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Pinterest
© Copyright 2025 TylerPaper.com 100 E. Ferguson, Suite 501, Tyler, TX  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy

Go Beyond the Headlines
Get Access to Additional Articles

CLICK HERE!
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://tylerpaper.com/sports/jacob-degrom-pitches-4-solid-innings-and-the-texas-rangers-hit-4-homers-in-a/article_4c6d1e76-7d70-11ef-b44f-3b980b1dc9d6.html 
 ----- 
