Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  American League  /  AL East  /  Boston Red Sox
Red Sox Legend Tim Wakefield Passes Away at 57
By James Kirk
Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
Category Boston Red Sox
October 1, 2023

Boston Red Sox Legend Tim Wakefield passed away at the age of 57 after battling brain cancer. Wakefield, known for his dancing knuckleball, pitched for 19 years in the Majors. He finished with a 200–180 record for the Pirates and Red Sox.  The team released a statement:

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications

“Wake embodied true goodness; a devoted husband, father, and teammate, beloved broadcaster, and the ultimate community leader. He gave so much to the game and all of Red Sox Nation.

Our deepest love and thoughts are with Stacy, Trevor, Brianna, and the Wakefield family”

Drafted as a First baseman

Wakefield was drafted as a first baseman by the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1988. He made the switch to pitcher and developed a signature knuckleball on the advice of a scout. He threw a complete game shutout against the St. Louis Cardinals with 10 strikeouts on 146 pitches. Wakefield ended up going 8–1 with a 2.15 ERA. He struggled in his sophomore season for the Bucs finishing 6–15 with a 5.61 ERA. He was released by the team in April 1995.

A Beantown Legend is Born

Six days later he was signed by the Red Sox. The team had him along with Hall of Famer Phil Niekro. They developed his Knuckleball as an outpitch and Wakefield now ranks second All-Time in wins at Fenway Park behind Roger Clemens with 97. He won the Comeback Player of the Year in 1995 going 16-8 with 2.95 ERA in Boston. That year, he started the season 14–1 with a sub 2 ERA. In 1999, injuries forced the Red Sox to move Wakefield to the bullpen where he became their closer.

He recorded 15 saves for the team in that stretch. He bounced between the bullpen and rotation over the next few years before returning full time to the rotation in 2002. Wakefield was very good for the team over the next several years winning an average of 12 games a year, with a career high of 17 in his age 40 season.

Retired at 44

Wakefield retired after the 2011 season after 19 seasons. He finished 200–180, with a 4.41 ERA and 2156 K’s. He threw his signature Knuckleball at about 60 mph, a fastball that topped out at 75 and a curveball at 61 mph.

 

More Boston Red Sox Articles
Article navigation
← Rangers use Back-to-Back Homers to Beat Red Sox
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Astros Beat Diamondbacks, but Both Advance to Playoffs
Rangers Secure AL Wild Card →
 
Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category Boston Red Sox
Tags Boston Red Sox Phil Niekro Roger Clemens Tim Wakefield
Share "Red Sox Legend Tim Wakefield Passes Away at 57" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Boston Red Sox News
Rangers Fall to Red Sox in Series Opener
Boston Red Sox
Top 5 AL Cy Young Candidates
Boston Red Sox
Rangers Drop Series Finale to Red Sox
Boston Red Sox
Rangers use Back-to-Back Homers to Beat Red Sox
Boston Red Sox
Rangers Fall to Red Sox in Series Opener
Boston Red Sox
Top 5 AL Cy Young Candidates
Boston Red Sox
Rangers Drop Series Finale to Red Sox
Boston Red Sox
Rangers use Back-to-Back Homers to Beat Red Sox
Boston Red Sox
James Kirk

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/10/01/red-sox-legend-tim-wakefield/ 
 ----- 
