Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Vientos' 2nd HR walks it off, gives Mets elite 8-game win streak
Share
Vientos' 2nd HR walks it off, gives Mets elite 8-game win streak
September 7th, 2024

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- At some point in the melee around home plate, Mark Vientos lost his shirt. Soaked top to bottom, Gatorade stinging his eyes, Vientos did not seem to care. He ripped off his batting gloves, slicked back his hair and stood, bare-chested, beaming as he gazed around Citi Field.

Vientos had just delivered his second home run of Friday night, a walk-off, two-run shot in the 10th inning that gave the Mets a 6-4 win over the Reds and their eighth straight victory overall, allowing them to keep pace in a National League Wild Card race that, more and more, is demanding perfection from its entrants. Closer Edwin Díaz called these playoff-type games, demanding by their very nature that the Mets win every one of them.

It may seem like an impossible task, yet the Mets really are winning every … single … one of them -- eight games in a row now, their longest streak since Aug. 3-10, 2019.

Complete coverage: Mets' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“I don’t know if I believe in magic,” Vientos said. “But I think we have the energy and the right mindset going into this month, because we’re hungry and we want to make it to the playoffs.”

Despite squandering two leads earlier in the night, the Mets never trailed. Vientos’ first home run, a two-run shot in the first inning, gave them an early advantage. After Sean Manaea allowed an Elly De La Cruz game-tying homer in the fourth, the Mets rallied for two more of their own in the sixth. Cincinnati responded with a TJ Friedl two-run homer off Manaea in the seventh.

Related
Vientos climbing Mets' all-time ranks with Game 4 homer

October 18th, 2024

'Swaggy V,' Mets answer in grand fashion to knot NLCS

October 15th, 2024

Vientos' poise shines through with 2-homer game

October 7th, 2024

Mets greats congratulate 'stalwart' Wright on number retirement

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

All that did was arrange the end game exactly how the Mets like it. Leading off the bottom of the 10th with an automatic runner on second base, Vientos opened his at-bat with what seemed to Carlos Mendoza like a casual take of an inside cutter.

“The way he took it, I was like, ‘Game’s over here,’” the Mets’ manager said. “He was just calm. There was no panic. There was no rush. It was with ease.”

Vientos saw seven more pitches from Justin Wilson before launching the last of them well over the left-field fence for a walk-off -- his third hit of the night. When he did, Vientos lifted his bat in the air, held it with both hands, then tossed it forcefully toward the Mets’ dugout. His teammates were already rushing up the stairs and over the railing, preparing to swallow Vientos up at home plate.

“When we have the chance to take the lead, we take it,” Díaz said. “And we finish them.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It would be inaccurate to call Vientos the focal point of this Mets roster, because the team has had so many individuals thrive in so many different ways. In recent weeks, Francisco Lindor has established himself as a legitimate NL MVP candidate, Jesse Winker has proven his worth as a Trade Deadline acquisition, Manaea has contributed perhaps the best pitching run of his professional life, and Díaz has found his groove again, striking out the side in the ninth inning Friday while appearing in the same game as his brother for the first time.

Vientos is just another of those representative stories -- a former top prospect who struggled to gain a foothold under previous Mets administrations, but whose skill and perseverance inevitably led him to this point: the No. 3 hitter for the hottest team in baseball, the owner of a .905 OPS and perhaps the best-hitting third baseman in the sport right now.

“He’s been everything and more,” Mendoza said.

Because of Vientos and all the others, the Mets have transformed a long-shot Wild Card chase into what is now statistically more like a coin flip. They’ve won eight games in a row and still have five left against the Reds and Blue Jays before their schedule turns truly daunting.

If they keep winning, they’ll reach their goals regardless of what their rivals do. When Pete Alonso returned home to his apartment on Thursday evening, his doorman excitedly greeted him, telling him the Braves and Padres had lost. The Mets, despite being idle, had moved into a tie for the final National League Wild Card spot.

One night later, thanks to Vientos, they remained there, with a chance on Saturday to do even better.

“You’ve got to win every day. That’s the No. 1 thing,” Alonso said. “If you win games more than everyone else, things take care of themselves.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Mark Vientos
New York Mets

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mark-vientos-hits-walk-off-homer-in-mets-8th-straight-win 
 ----- 
