Skip to content
29°
Springfield, MO
News
Weather
Sports
Ozarks Sports Zone
On Your Side
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
Wacha tosses 7 innings of 4-hit ball, Royals top Twins or sweep of closest AL wild-card pursuer
Kansas City Royals' Salvador Perez hits an RBI single during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)(Charlie Riedel | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 9, 2024 at 3:13 AM UTC

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Michael Wacha pitched seven innings of four-hit ball, Garrett Hampson and Salvador Perez drove in runs and the Kansas City Royals beat the Minnesota Twins 2-0 on Sunday to complete a series sweep of their closest pursuers in the AL wild-card race.

Wacha (12-7) struck out seven while allowing just one walk is 100th career win. He got plenty of help from his defense, which turned two double plays and threw out a runner trying to score from first base in the first inning.

Kris Bubic handled the eighth for Kansas City before Lucas Erceg worked around a leadoff single in the ninth for his 11th save.

“It’s definitely a cool number for sure, something that was on my goal list coming into the season,” Wacha said of his milestone win. “It was definitely one of those days when (Bubic and Erceg) came in and slammed the door there.”

Simeon Woods Richardson (5-4) allowed two runs on three hits and two walks before he was pulled with one out in the fifth inning. Minnesota’s bullpen did not allow a run the rest of the way, though it didn’t matter with the offense getting shut out.

The Twins held a lengthy closed-door meeting after the game, and manager Rocco Baldelli issued a statement without taking questions, saying: “It’s an unprofessional series of baseball that we just played and that’s my only comment for the day. I’m not commenting on anything else. I don’t think anything else really has to be said.”

The Royals moved 2 1/2 games ahead of AL Central-rival Minnesota for the second wild-card spot.

“Just keep your head up. It’s a long season. We all know it,” Woods Richardson said. “Just take one pitch at a time. Lean on each other. Rely on each other. This is where a team becomes a team. Rely on each other and go to work.”

The Twins had a chance to strike in the first inning, and finally build some momentum after dropping four of the first six games on their seven-game trip. But Jose Miranda, who had singled, was thrown out by about a foot trying to score on Trevor Larnach’s double, and Royce Lewis eventually struck out to end the inning.

“Kind of get into some trouble there in the first. Big play at the plate,” Wacha said. “That was almost a little wake-up call, a little momentum-shifter, like, ‘OK, let’s not give them any more opportunities.’”

The Twins’ only other hits off Wacha came from Christian Vázquez leading off the third and sixth innings, and both times the veteran right-hander was able to get a double play to prevent a runner from even reaching second base again.

When the Royals got their chance, they took advantage of it.

MJ Melendez drew a walk leading off the fifth, and Freddy Fermin and Maikel Garcia followed with singles to load the bases for Hampson, who hit a sacrifice fly to the warning track in left field. And when Tommy Pham walked to load the bases again, Perez followed with an RBI dribbler that traveled all of 80 feet down the third-base line for the only other run of the game.

“Those are the things where they happen for you, you feel good. When they happen against you, it’s devastating,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said, “because you can’t plan for that. And that’s fortunate for us that it happened.”

Trainer’s room

Royals: RHP Michael Lorenzen (left hamstring strain) is scheduled for a rehab appearance for Double-A Northwest Arkansas on Tuesday. He’s been out since Aug. 27. ... LHP Will Smith (back spasms) threw a bullpen session Saturday and is “progressing fine,” Quatraro said. He went on the injured list Aug. 26.

Twins: 1B Carlos Santana was out of the lineup after leaving Saturday’s game with an illness. Miranda started in his place.

Next up

Minnesota: RHP David Festa (2-5, 4.75) takes the hill to start three-game series against the Angels on Monday night.

Kansas City: RHP Brady Singer (9-10, 3.35) opens a three-game set against the Yankees on Monday night in New York.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.

Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.

3 dead from suspected carbon mono xide poisoning in home
Wedding expo helps connect couples with local vendors
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored by Taboola
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Father and son rescue deputy, dog from burning car: ‘We just wanted...
2 investors propose plans for former Robberson Elementary, including a...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Go The Extra Miles
YETI
|
Sponsored
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
New Hyundai's On Sale
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Feel Well with Axial Spondyloarthritis
Self
|
Sponsored
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Cinnamon recipe to lower blood sugar overnight (try it...
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surp...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Cinnamon: Could Be The Grea test Enemy Of Blood Sugar?...
Longevity Portal
|
Sponsored
Latest News
O-Zone: Missouri State 75, Southern Illinois 37
O-Zone: Kickapoo 55, Parkview 42
O-Zone: Nixa 53, Republic 47 (& Champion Athletes Game)
No. 8 Florida follows victory over top-ranked Tennessee with a win over Arkansas
Mark Mitchell's 19 points lead Missouri past Vanderbilt
Totals drop by the thousands during Missouri’s alternative methods deer season
 Dibba leads Southern Illinois against Missouri State
 Vanderbilt visits Bates and Missouri
News
Weather
Sports
About KY3
KY3
999 West Sunshine Street
Springfield, MO 65807
(417) 268-3000
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File
publicfile@ky3.com - (417) 268-3000
FCC Applications
Advertising
Closed Captioning or Audio Description
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ky3.com/2024/09/09/wacha-tosses-7-innings-4-hit-ball-royals-top-twins-or-sweep-closest-al-wild-card-pursuer/ 
 ----- 
