SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
TRANSFER NEWS
GHANA
AFRICAN FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
TENNIS
BASKETBALL
ATHLETICS
OLYMPIC GAMES
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
ASIAN CUP
UZBEKISTAN EDGE THAILAND TO BOOK ASIAN CUP QUARTER-FINAL CLASH WITH QATAR
Uzbekistan edge Thailand to book Asian Cup quarter-final clash with Qatar
Reuters,
30.01.2024 13:55
Uzbekistan's Abbosbek Fayzullayev in action with Thailand's Pansa Hemviboon
Reuters
Uzbekistan beat Thailand 2-1 in their Asian Cup last-16 tie with a second-half winner from Abbosbek Fayzullayev (20) at Al Janoub Stadium on Tuesday to set up a quarter-final clash with hosts and defending champions Qatar.

Thailand were looking to beat Uzbekistan for the first time since 2007 but the central Asian nation scored two stellar goals to deny Masatada Ishii's side.

Uzbekistan took the lead in the first half when Diyor Holmatov lobbed a cross-field ball into the box to Azizbek Turgunboev, who expertly controlled the pass with his chest before volleying it past Patiwat Khammai in Thailand's goal.

But Thailand equalised just before the hour mark when Supachok Sarachat pulled the trigger from more than 25 yards out, with his low shot curling past Uzbekistan keeper Utkir Yusupov who did not react in time to make the save.

Key match stats
Flashscore

However, Uzbekistan restored their lead seven minutes later through Abbosbek Fayzullaev when the winger quickly turned his defender and fired from the edge of the box, directing a low shot that squeezed past the keeper and into the net.

Uzbekistan will be looking to reach the semi-finals for only the second time when they take on Qatar on Saturday at Al Bayt Stadium.

Uzbekistan players celebrate after the match
Reuters

See a full match summary here.

MENTIONS
Football
Asian Cup
Uzbekistan
Thailand
Related Articles
2023 Asian Cup in Qatar: All you need to know about fixtures and dates
11.01.2024 15:12
South Korea stumble through to Asian Cup last 16 as Bahrain top group, Oman out
25.01.2024 18:03
Stimac bemoans lack of strikers after India suffer worst Asian Cup showing in 40 years
23.01.2024 18:28
Show more
Football
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
1 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
2 h ago
Updated
Flashscore tennis predictions 2025: Sinner & Alcaraz to dominate while WTA Tour remains open
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
2 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
3 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
3 h ago
Australia take lead of Test series against India after taking seven late wickets
4 h ago
Rybakina wins again at United Cup, enjoying working with 'fun guy' Ivanisevic
4 h ago
NFL roundup: Eagles and Bills cruise to victory, Commanders reach playoffs
5 h ago
Updated
NBA roundup: Pacers stun Celtics with impressive win, Raptors lose tenth in a row
5 h ago
Updated
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
UEFA Champions League
CAF Champions League
EPL news
Ligue 1
La Liga
Serie A
Brazil Serie A
FOOTBALL GHANA
Ghana Premier League
Ghana Premier League fixtures
Division One League
Division One League fixtures
Ghana FA Cup
FC Samartex
Hearts of Oak
TENNIS
Tennis news
ATP Next Gen Finals 2024
WTA Australian Open
Jannik Sinner
Novak Djokovic
Iga Swiatek
TRENDING
Transfer news & rumours
Ghana football news
Black Stars results
Mohammed Kudus
NBA news
Saudi Pro League
Athletics news
LIVESCORE
Enppi - Al Ahly
Hearts of Oak - Legon Cities
CR Belouizdad - Al Ahly
Al Ahly - Asyut Petroleum
Medeama - Asante Kotoko
Aduana - Samartex
Al Ahly - Smouha
FLASHSCORE.COM.GH
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2024 Flashscore.com.gh
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com.gh/news/soccer-asian-cup-uzbekistan-edge-thailand-to-book-asian-cup-quarter-final-clash-with-qatar/pfE7w0A4/ 
 ----- 
