CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 02:07, January 31, 2024 | Updated: 02:28, January 31, 2024
Asian Cup: Uzbekistan power past Thailand 2-1 to quarters
Share

Uzbekistan's Azizbek Turgunboev (center) vies for the ball during the round of 16 match between Uzbekistan and Thailand at AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 in Doha, Qatar, Jan 30, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

DOHA - Uzbekistan beat Thailand 2-1 in a Round of 16 match on Tuesday at the AFC Asian Cup.


Azizbek Turgunboev, the winger for Pakhtakor club in the Uzbekistan Super League, and Abbosbek Fayzullaev from CSKA Moscow, scored in each half to book a fifth quarterfinal appearance for their national team.

Uzbekistan will meet defending champions Qatar in the next round as the hosts beat Palestine 2-1 on Monday.

Thailand, who entered the tournament's last 16 for the second time in a row, ended their campaign in Doha.

Thailand's Supachok Sarachat (center) vies with Uzbekistan's Rustamjon Ashurmatov (left) and Odiljon Xamrobekov during the round of 16 match between Uzbekistan and Thailand at AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 in Doha, Qatar, Jan 30, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

On a cool afternoon at Al Janoub Stadium, Uzbekistan, ranking 45 places higher than the opponents, showed advantage in physical battle with a dominant aerial duels rate for the ball in the first half.

Posing more threat, Uzbekistan, the top team in Central Asia, broke the deadlock in 37th minute.

ALSO READ: Asian Cup: Jordan overturn 10-man Iraq, Qatar edge Palestine

Diyor Kholmatov, who organized the midfield with pace and view, sent an overhead pass into the right side of the area, where his club teammate Turgunboev picked up the ball after a delicate stop with chest and struck a left-footed shot to the center of the goal.

After the restart, Thailand increased tempo and intensity when they were rewarded with a goal after a series of non-stop short passes.

Uzbekistan's Abbosbek Fayzullaev runs with the ball during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Uzbekistan and Thailand at Al Janoub Stadium in Al Wakrah, Qatar, on Jan 30, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Supachok Sarachat, who plays as an attacking midfielder in the Japanese league, struck a right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner to make it 1-1 in 58th minute.

Fayzullaev, the winger in the 3-4-3 formation, responded with another long-range shot to regain the lead at 2-1 for Uzbekistan just seven minutes later.

READ MORE: Asian Cup: Tajikistan stun UAE on penalties to quarter-finals

The Asian Cup, featuring a total of 24 teams, runs from Jan 12 to Feb 10.

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Chinese men make a racket in 2024
Chinese tennis star Zheng Qinwen enjoys an ace season
China's sprinter Su Bingtian to retire after 2025 National Games
Fan Zhendong responds to WTT statement on withdrawal, fines
Frustrated Djokovic says players kept in dark over high-profile doping cases
Late Sottil goal earns Fiorentina 2-2 draw at Juventus
Milan held to 1-1 draw by Roma's magic moment
Napoli draw level with leaders Atalanta after 1-0 win over Venezia
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/374262 
 ----- 
