Japanese
SUBSCRIBE
Home Page
Latest News
Politics
.
Society
.
Business
.
World
.
News Services
.
Editorial & Columns
.
Sports
.
Science & Nature
.
Culture
.
JN Specialties
.
Features
.
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
Home>Sports>Soccer
Soccer
Klinsmann’s South Korea Advances to Asian Cup QFs after Beating Mancini’s Saudi Arabia in Shootout
Post
Share
Post
AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi
South Korea celebrates after winning the game in a penalty kick shoot-out during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Saudi Arabia and South Korea at Education City Stadium Al Rayyan, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2024.

AP

11:12 JST, January 31, 2024

AL-RAYYAN, Qatar (AP) — Jurgen Klinsmann overcame Roberto Mancini in a battle of European soccer greats as South Korea advanced to the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup on penalties against Saudi Arabia on Tuesday.

South Korea won 4-2 in the shootout after the round-of-16 match had ended 1-1 after extra time.

Defeat will be particularly hard for Mancini to take as Saudi Arabia led 1-0 deep into stoppage time at Education City Stadium through Abdullah Radif’s 46th-minute strike.

Cho Gue-sung leveled the game in the ninth minute of second-half stoppage time to send it into extra time and South Korea goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo was the hero in the shootout when saving penalties from Sami Al Naji and Abdulrahman Ghareeb. Hwang Hee-chan converted the winner from the spot.

Hwang has good memories of Education City, having scored a stoppage-time winner against Portugal to advance to the knockout stage of the 2022 World Cup.

On this occasion it was his spot kick that sent his country through to the last eight and a match against Australia on Friday.

South Korea coach Klinsmann won the World Cup and European Championship as a player for Germany. As coach he led the U.S. to CONCACAF Gold Cup triumph in 2013 and is now in contention to guide another country to a major international title at the Asian Cup.

For Mancini — who coached Italy to Euro 2020 triumph by beating England on penalties in the final – there will be frustration after relinquishing the lead so late.

Saudi Arabia could have led by halftime but saw two headers come back off the bar in quick succession – first from Saleh Al Shehri and then Ali Lajami on the rebound.

Mancini’s team opened the scoring soon after the break through substitute Radif, who had just come on.

In a frantic finale to regulation time, South Korea substitute Cho hit the bar with a header in the third minute of stoppages. He made no mistake with another header six minutes later.

Two-time winner South Korea is aiming to lift the trophy for the first time since 1960.

AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis
South Korea’s coach Jurgen Klinsmann reacts during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Saudi Arabia and South Korea, at the Education City Stadium in Al Rayyan, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2024.
UZBEKISTAN ADVANCES

Abbosbek Fayzullayev fired Uzbekistan into the quarterfinals after beating Thailand 2-1.

Victory in the round-of-16 match at Al Janoub Stadium set up a clash with host and defending champion Qatar.

Uzbekistan has never won the Asian Cup, but this is the fifth time in the last six tournaments it has advanced to the quarterfinals. Its best performance was the semifinals in 2011, when the Asian Cup was last staged in Qatar.

Azizbek Turgunboev put Uzbekistan ahead in the 37th. Controlling Diyor Kholmatov’s diagonal pass on his chest, he volleyed low past Thailand goalkeeper Patiwat Khammai.

Thailand equalized through Supachok Sarachat’s curling effort from outside the box in the 58th.

But it took just seven more minutes for Uzbekistan to regain the lead with what proved to be the decisive goal from Fayzullayev, who struck from distance to beat Khammai.

Uzbekistan plays Qatar on Saturday at Al Bayt Stadium.

AP Photo/Hussein Sayed
Uzbekistan’s Abbosbek Fayzullaev celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Uzbekistan and Thailand at Al Janoub Stadium in Al Wakrah, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2024.
Add TheJapanNews to your Google News feed.
Soccer Latest Articles
Netflix Signs US Broadcast Deal With FIFA for the Women's World C...
Iniesta Bids Farewell to Glittering Career in Front of 45,000 in ...
Saudi Arabia Will Host the 2034 World Cup. but When Exactly?
Vissel Kobe striker Yoshinori Muto Named J.League’s Top Player
Latest Articles
Significant Milestones in Life and Career of Jimmy Carter
Tokyo’s Meiji Kinenkan Holds Wedding Receptions in Hall Once Used...
Japan's Nikkei Stock Sees Highest Year-End Close Ever; Index Logs...
Japan-China Foreign Ministers’ Meeting: Beijing Should Take Speci...
Popular Articles
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Ky...
Mitsubishi Motors Seen As Key to S.E. Asia in Honda, Nissan Talks...
Osamu Suzuki Demonstrates Outstanding Business Skills, Developing...
Listing of Kioxia: Strengthen semiconductor production base
Depopulation in Japan Attributed to Decrease in Hidden Christians...
Japan’s GDP Per Capita Ranks 22nd Among OECD Members in 2023; Jap...
Japan Airlines Suffers Cyberattack, Causing Flight Delays; System...
Chinese Man Detained for June Knife Attack against Japanese Indic...
"Sports" POPULAR ARTICLE
Orioles Sign Veteran RHP Tomoyuki Sugano to a 1-Year Contract after His MVP Season in Japan
Olympic Champ Kitaguchi Wins Top Prize at Japan Sports Awards
Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani Watches from a Private Viewing Section; Rui Hachimura Scores 23 Points, Lakers Roll past Trail Blazers 107-98 to End 3-game Skid
Japan’s Paralympic Wheelchair Rugby Team Wins Japan Para-Sports Award; Award Presented to Athletes That Achieve Outstanding Results
Sumo Wrestlers Bring 1,500 Years of Tradition to London as the Sport Has An International Moment

JN ACCESS RANKING

China’s New Energy Vehicles Dominating Domestic Market; Japanese, European Automakers Losing Ground
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Kyushu island; Artifact was Believed to Have Been Dropped in Sea During Prehistoric Jomon Period
Record 320 School Staff Punished for Sex Offenses in Japan
Miho Nakayama, Japanese Actress and Singer, Found Dead at Her Tokyo Residence; She was 54 (UPDATE 1)
Immerse Yourself in Snoopy’s World Ahead of Comic Strip’s 75th Anniversary Next Year; Renovated, Refreshed Museum Features Original, Reproduced Comic Strips, Vintage Merchandise

The Japan News / Weekly Edition

Our weekly ePaper presents the most noteworthy recent topics in an exciting, readable fomat.

Read more

eng

jp

 Subscription of Newspaper
Politics
Society
Business
World
News Services
Editorial & Columns
Sports
Science & Nature
Culture
JN Specialties
Features
Video
About us
Membership Terms & Conditions
Website Policies
FAQ
Advertise

© 2024 The Japan News - by The Yomiuri Shimbun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://japannews.yomiuri.co.jp/sports/soccer/20240131-165763/ 
 ----- 
