CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Uzbekistan break down Thailand to reach Asian Cup last eight

Published: 30 Jan 2024 - 04:34 pm | Last Updated: 30 Jan 2024 - 04:46 pm

Uzbekistan's players celebrates with their fans after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Uzbekistan and Thailand at Al-Janoub Stadium on January 30, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
AFP

Doha, Qatar: Uzbekistan will face hosts and holders Qatar in the Asian Cup quarter-finals after highly rated Abbosbek Fayzullaev hit the winner in a 2-1 victory over Thailand on Tuesday.

The Uzbeks have been touted as dark horses for the title and took the lead in the first half with a cool Azizbek Turgunboev finish through the legs of the goalkeeper.

Thailand were the lowest-ranked team left at the tournament but they struck back just before the hour with an even better goal, from distance, by substitute Supachok Sarachat.

Uzbekistan were the more accomplished team and went ahead again midway through the second half when 20-year-old CSKA Moscow winger Fayzullaev rolled the ball in from outside the box.

This time Thailand had no reply, despite some late pressure.

Qatar booked their spot in the last eight on Monday with a 2-1 victory over Palestine.

Thailand were underdogs but did not concede a goal in three matches as they finished second to Saudi Arabia in their group.

Oston Urunov had three decent chances to breach the Thai defence in the first 25 minutes and then Thai goalkeeper Patiwat Khammai had to stretch to deny Jaloliddin Masharipov.

Thailand's early enthusiasm evaporated and it looked only a matter of time until the Uzbeks went ahead.

Thailand's players greet their fans after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match at Al-Janoub Stadium, on January 30, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

In the 37th minute they did, Turgunboev chesting the ball down in the box and sweeping the ball first time through the legs of Patiwat.

It was his second goal of the tournament and a moment of class.

The Uzbeks racked up 10 shots to Thailand's one in a one-sided opening period in front of 19,000 at Al Janoub Stadium.

Thailand's Japanese coach Ishii Masatada made a double change and it paid off in spectacular style on 58 minutes.

The newly introduced Supachok exchanged passes with Supachai Chaided before bending the ball wonderfully into the bottom corner from outside the box.

The two teams were level for just seven minutes.

Fayzullaev turned on the edge of the box and stroked the ball through the legs of a Thai defender and into the bottom corner.

It was the youngster's second goal of the competition.

Defender Elias Dolah had Thailand's best chance to level for a second time but his header flew just over in stoppage time.

In the other last-16 match on Tuesday, Jurgen Klinsmann's South Korea face a Saudi side coached by another European great in Roberto Mancini.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
What caused South Korea's most deadly plane crash
Minister of Interior crowns winners of Founder's Purebred Arabian Camel Festival
Qatar reaches 5 million visitors in 2024: Tourism Triumph
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
German flying taxi startup Volocopter files for insolvency
2024 in review: Top 15 most viewed reports on The Peninsula
Doha Creative City celebrates cultural exchange through bread-making traditions
Visit Qatar wins prestigious Microsoft AI Excellence Award and MENA Digital Awards
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/30/01/2024/uzbekistan-break-down-thailand-to-reach-asian-cup-last-eight 
 ----- 
