Product assortment is based on your selected country. Tap here to change project location.

OK
United States
SEARCH
 Back to the Page
 
PRODUCTS
RESOURCES
SERVICES
INSPIRATION
EVENTS
ABOUT
DESIGN WEEK
ExpoRevestir 2024
Mar 19, 2024 - Mar 22, 2024
Sao Paulo, Brazil
2/7

Kohler Co. exhibited more than 500 products at the 22nd edition of Expo Revestir, held in São Paulo, Brazil, March 19–22. Expo Revestir is the largest ceramic finishes and coverings fair in Latin America and the world’s third-largest industry trade show. Over 60,000 visitors enjoyed the latest products from more than 300 renowned brands.

Kohler’s 1,000-square-meter booth, visited by more than 30,000 attendees and media, showcased products on the cutting edge of design, quality, technology, innovation, wellness, and sustainability with sensory experiences, functional showers and faucet displays, smart bathrooms, and kitchens.

Launching bold, sophisticated designs and new colors established Kohler Co. as an innovative leader in meeting the growing customer demands for unique and individual creative expressions in their homes.  

The Creative Area, a dedicated space for lectures on architecture and design, attracted trade show participants to learn how to transform their spaces. The presentations included Corporate Architecture by Pitá Arquitetura, Contemporary Lighting by Nicole Gomes, Design and Inclusion by Rapha Preto, and Art and Design by By Gabs.

Create an account to download product technical files, CAD blocks, Revit, 3D files, global product catalogues and more

COBROWSE CODE
Follow Us
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sign up to receive email news, promotions and information about Kohler.
SUBSCRIBE

By joining our mailing list you consent to having your data processed as shown in our privacy policy. 

Stores
+
Contact Us
+
Resources
+
About Us
+

Privacy

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Legal

Sitemap

© Kohler Co. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.studiokohler.com/en-us/featured-events/design-events/expo-revestir-2024 
 ----- 
