English
Contact|About|
International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI)
Perspectives
World
Global class struggle
Pandemic
Arts & Culture
History
Capitalism & Inequality
Anti-Imperialism
Videos
Podcast
Marxist Library
); }
FOURTH INTERNATIONALSOCIALIST EQUALITY PARTYIYSSEABOUT THE WSWSCONTACTDONATE
Polish Post plans to cut thousands of jobs
Martin Nowak
21 March 2024

On March 5, the management of Poczta Polska (Polish Post, PP), the Polish postal service, announced an “employment and remuneration plan” for 2024. According to this, the number of postal workers is to be reduced from 62,939 to 58,482 full-time positions this year, i.e. by 4,457 jobs. This would continue a retrenchment programme that has seen over 10,000 postal employees fall victim to the cuts since 2021 alone.

Protest by Polish postal workers in Szczecin in 2021 [Photo by ZZPP Szczecin]

According to the new PP executive board member Sebastian Mikosz, the reduction is to be achieved through “natural fluctuation,” i.e., through expiring contracts and retirement. However, the NSZZ-Solidarnosc trade union has been informed that this is only the tip of the iceberg. Even more extensive savings and 10,000 redundancies are planned in 2024 alone.

Since the reintroduction of capitalism in Poland more than three decades ago, one attack on postal workers has followed another. The general assault began in the 2000s with the liberalisation and privatisation of the Polish postal system. Like all the “reforms” intended to make Poland “fit” for joining the EU, it led to massive cutbacks at the expense of the workers.

In 2012, the abolition of the government monopoly of the mail created a lever to make the postal service even more profitable in competition with other providers. Countless waves of staff cuts and thousands of closed post offices later, however, PP is still not profitable.

The idea that it is not possible to make a profit from public utilities such as the postal service, healthcare or waste disposal without devastating consequences for workers, is simply not criticized in the Polish media. This is not in the least due to the trade unions, which have helped organise all “restructuring” to date.

Even the monthly minimum wage of 4,242 zloty (around 933 euros), which has been in force since January 1, is not being adhered to by PP in the lowest wage bracket. It is only achieved because the basic salary of 4,023 zloty is topped up with special bonuses.

The fact that PP resembles a “zombie” that still “seems to be functioning but is already falling apart,” as Gazeta Wyborcza puts it, is not in the least a result of the complicity between all the establishment parties and the trade unions.

According to press reports, PP posted a loss of 787 million zlotys in 2023. As salary payments account for around 80 percent of expenditure, the trade unions also argue there is basically no alternative to making cuts. Faced with workers’ opposition to far-reaching cost-cutting measures, however, they are striking a combative pose, talking about the “imminent collapse” of PP and threatening to strike. But these brash speeches are part of a familiar game with which the nationalist trade union bureaucracies seek to disguise their corporatist role as co-managers.

This applies to both the postal section of Solidarnosc and the ZZPP postal union, which belongs to the competing trade union organisation OPZZ. Both knew about the cuts planned weeks beforehand. The ZZPP met with the new Minister of State Assets, Jacek Bartmiński, who is responsible for the postal service, in January, praising the talks as “very fruitful.”

A PP extraordinary general meeting was then held on February 8. As the state is the main shareholder, it was more of a consultation within the government. With the appointment of Paweł Wojciechowski as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and shortly afterwards, Sebastian Mikosz as Chairman of the Management Board, a hand-picked duo was formed to push through the austerity regime.

Wojciechowski had previously been a member of a government under Donald Tusk, who is now leading the Polish government again. When the far-right PiS was in government, Wojciechowski had campaigned for a flat-tax model as chief economist at the Social Insurance Institution (ZUS). He later became director of the consulting firm Whiteshield Partner and an economic expert in the election campaign team of the conservative Polska2050 party, which has been part of the governing coalition since last year.

Mikosz made a name for himself from 2013 to 2015 as head of the Polish airline, LOT, with a rigid austerity programme. He implemented wage cuts, redundancies and route closures and has since been regarded as a hardliner who simply cancels collective agreements.

The fact that the trade unions were involved in PP’s cost-cutting plans from the outset is also shown by their representation on the company’s management bodies. Robert Czyż (ZZPP) and Magdalena Lebiedź (Solidarnosc) sit as union representatives on the Supervisory Board. And with Andrzej Bodziony, Solidarnosc even provides the Vice President.

On February 21, a meeting was held at company’s headquarters between board members and trade union officials. In a press release, Solidarnosc subsequently reported favourably that the aim of Mikosz’s “action plan” was to “restore the company’s profitability, which required a significant transformation/restructuring.”

While the unions now claim they are the only ones who know how to restructure properly, all sides are concealing the real reasons for the financial difficulties. Due to price increases and rampant inflation, which reached almost 20 percent in 2022, Poland’s ruling class was also forced to significantly increase the nominal minimum wage, from 2,250 zlotys (495 euros) in 2019 to 3,600 in 2023, 4,242 in January 2024, to 4,300 zlotys (946 euros) in July 2024.

Although real wages still fell, the increases tore a hole in the finances of the state-owned company, which also has to compensate for the cost increases in the energy sector. As PP cannot simply raise prices at the same rate due to legal regulations, there is now a huge gap in its finances.

Donald Tusk’s government, like its predecessor under the PiS, is spending billions and billions on armaments and war. Now it is using PP’s deficit as an excuse for a drastic “cure.”

The latest parliamentary resolution on the new postal law passed last week only provides for an increase in state subsidies from 593 million to a maximum of 750 million zlotys this year, and from a further 651 million to a maximum of 1,302 million zlotys in 2025. This is nowhere near enough to cover the cost increases. The same Tusk government that recently purchased Swedish weapons for one billion zlotys is not prepared to pay decent wages to postal workers, but is continuing the PiS-era policy of cuts.

The trade unions also fear that this attack on postal workers will not be without consequences. They quote the Wyborzca at length with the warning that the massive attack could lead to “a dangerous escalation of social tensions, followed by an escalation of protests and even a general strike.”

Postal workers: Make your voice heard! Tell us about conditions in your workplace

All submissions will be kept anonymous

First Name (required)
Last Name (optional)
Email (required)
Mobile Phone (optional)
Zip/Postal code (required)
Country (required)
Select one...
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cape Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
Unknown
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Comment (required)
 I would like to be contacted by the Socialist Equality Party or the WSWS. I acknowledge that the WSWS uses my personal information in accordance with its privacy policy.
Submit
READ MORE
Poland on a war course: government and opposition close ranks
14 March 2024
Poland’s school system on the brink of collapse
3 September 2023
The resurgence of the class struggle in Poland
11 April 2019
COMMENT
CONTACT US
Find out more about these topics:
Delivery and postal workersGlobal class strugglePolandEurope
DELIVERY AND POSTAL WORKERS
Strikes at Amazon and Starbucks in the US called off without any concessions from management

Thousands of Amazon drivers ended their week-long strike on Thursday while an estimated 5,000 Starbucks workers ended a five-day strike on Christmas Day.

Alex Findijs•27 December 2024
Postal workers slam CWU “Framework Agreement” endorsing Kretinsky’s takeover of Royal Mail

We are publishing the response of postal workers to the WSWS article “The CWU’s ‘framework agreement’ backs Kretinsky’s Royal Mail takeover”, which subjected to close scrutiny the 12-page document drawn up after months of private talks between CWU leader Dave Ward and EP Group executives.

Our reporters•27 December 2024
The way forward for Canada Post workers after CUPW’s surrender to government strike-ban

The sabotage of our strike, coordinated between the government, the Crown corporation and the union apparatus, has materially weakened our struggle for a new collective agreement. However, if we draw the appropriate lessons from this experience, we can seize the initiative and return to the offensive.

Postal Workers Rank-and-File Committee•26 December 2024
Tony Robson addresses SEP (UK) Seventh National Congress on the International Workers Alliance of Rank-and-File Committees
“The potential in the situation must be acted upon consciously by the cadre, in a deeper turn into the working class”

We are publishing the speech given by SEP National Committee member Tony Robson at the Seventh National Congress of the SEP (UK) on the work of the IWA-RFC in the UK.

Tony Robson•26 December 2024
Teamsters bureaucrats block socialists, but welcome Democrats to Amazon picket line
Jacob Crosse, A. Woodson•23 December 2024
Canada Post workers denounce union complicity in enforcing Liberal government’s strike ban
Our reporter•23 December 2024
Workers in Staten Island, New York, join Amazon strike
Erik Schreiber•21 December 2024
The CWU’s “framework agreement” backs Kretinsky’s Royal Mail takeover
Tony Robson, Laura Tiernan•20 December 2024
Heavy police deployment as US Amazon drivers launch nationwide strike
our reporters•19 December 2024
© 1998-2024 World Socialist Web Site. All rights reserved.
HomeAboutContactPrivacy StatementPrivacy Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2024/03/22/bzjf-m22.html 
 ----- 
