Skip to content
Current Issue
Subscribe
Foreign Affairs
Log In
Menu
A More European NATO
Defense Spending Alone Cannot Fix the Alliance’s Overdependence on the United States
Max Bergmann
March 21, 2024
U.S. soldiers participating in a NATO exercise in Korzeniewo, Poland, March 2024 Kacper Pempel / Reuters

Max Bergmann is Director of the Europe, Russia, and Eurasia Program and the Stuart Center in Euro-Atlantic and Northern European Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

More by Max Bergmann 
Share & Download
Print
Save

When NATO leaders meet at a summit in Washington this summer, the alliance’s 75th birthday should be cause for celebration. NATO is stronger than ever, having welcomed two new members, Finland and Sweden, within the past year. After decades of drift, the alliance has found new purpose in deterring Russian aggression, its original raison d’etre. At last, European countries are ramping up their defense spending. Together, these trends paint a bright future for NATO—but there is also peril ahead.

The effort to repel Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is stuttering, and a revisionist Putin is threatening its 

Finish reading this article for free

Enter your email and we’ll send a paywall-free link directly to your inbox.

Get it Now 

In addition to your unlocked article, you will receive our flagship weekly newsletter Foreign Affairs This Week, as well as occasional updates and offers from Foreign Affairs. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, visit our user agreement and privacy policy.

Get unlimited access to all Foreign Affairs. Subscribe 

Already a subscriber? Log In

Topics & Regions: Europe Diplomacy European Union NATO Security U.S. Foreign Policy U.S. Politics
Recommended
Trump-Proofing Europe
How the Continent Can Prepare for American Abandonment
Arancha González Laya, Camille Grand, Katarzyna Pisarska, Nathalie Tocci, and Guntram Wolff
Why NATO Needs Ukraine
Kyiv’s Survival and Europe’s Security Depend on a More Unified Front

Alina Polyakova and James Goldgeier

Ukraine’s Security Now Depends on Europe
A Deal to End the War Must Include Ironclad Assurances

Elie Tenenbaum and Leo Litra

Europe Has Run Out of Time
With Trump’s Return, the Continent Must Take Charge of Its Own Security—and Quickly

Norbert Röttgen

The Best NATO Is a Dormant NATO
Less Reliance on America Would Yield a Stronger Alliance and a Safer Europe

Sumantra Maitra

Europe’s America Problem
Whether Trump Wins or Loses, the Continent Needs a New Strategy Toward the United States

Giovanna De Maio and Célia Belin

Foreign Affairs

Published by The Council on Foreign Relations, Inc.

© 2024. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy Terms of Use

About
About Us
Events
Work at Foreign Affairs
Podcast
Staff
Download App
Graduate School Forum
Contact
Frequently Asked Questions
Account Management
Submissions
Permissions
Advertise
Leave Us Feedback
Explore by Topic
Trump Administration
War in Ukraine
Israeli-Palestinian Conflict
US-China Relations
Geopolitics
Artificial Intelligence
Explore by Region
United States
Russia
China
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Latin America
Africa

From the publishers of  Foreign Affairs

Transition 2025: Donald Trump Sets His Sights on Canada, Greenland, and the Panama Canal
James M. Lindsay
Could the Myanmar Junta Rapidly Collapse Like al-Assad?
Joshua Kurlantzick
Is Angela Merkel a Feminist?
Liana Fix

Subscribe for unrestricted access.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foreignaffairs.com/europe/more-european-nato 
 ----- 
