Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Atlanta Braves reach 100 wins for second straight season
ESPN News Services
Sep 24, 2023, 10:56 PM ET

WASHINGTON -- Spencer Strider earned his major-league-leading 19th win and the Atlanta Braves got their 100th victory of the season Sunday night by defeating the Washington Nationals 8-5 for a doubleheader split.

Kevin Pillar and Forrest Wall homered, and Orlando Arcia drove in three runs for Atlanta (100-56), which has won 100 games in back-to-back seasons for the first time since 2002-03.

"It's unbelievable," Braves manager Brian Snitker said. "It's hard to do. I think it's quite an accomplishment anytime you can win 100 games. A lot of things we're doing are really hard. It's taken the whole room in there, that's for sure, to make something like that happen."

Luis García and Lane Thomas homered for last-place Washington, which dropped three of four in the series and has lost nine of 13 overall.

In the opener, rookie Jackson Rutledge earned his first major league victory as the Nationals won 3-2.

EDITOR'S PICKS
MLB postseason tracker: The 12-team 2023 playoff field is set
1yESPN

Strider (19-5) pitched 5⅔ innings and yielded four runs on seven hits, including García's solo shot in the sixth. The right-hander struck out four to give him 274 for the year, two shy of John Smoltz's 1996 single-season modern franchise record.

"We executed some pitches and they hit them, and we didn't execute some pitches and they hit them," Strider said. "I wasn't very good. I need to be better, and I have one more start to tune it up."

Washington scored three runs in the third inning off Strider when Keibert Ruiz hit a two-run double and scored on García's single two batters later.

Atlanta quickly erased the deficit. Matt Olson and Arcia hit RBI doubles in the fourth against Nationals starter Joan Adon (2-4), with Arcia coming around on Pillar's drive to left.

Adon gave up four runs and struck out five in 4⅔ innings.

Wall's two-run shot to right off Jose A. Ferrer in the sixth made it 6-3. It was his first big league home run. Arcia added a two-run single in the seventh.

Thomas lifted his 27th home run of the season to left off Raisel Iglesias in the ninth.

In the first game, Rutledge (1-1) allowed a run over five innings in his third career start while combining with three relievers on a six-hitter.

"It just tells me that I belong here, that I can do it against one of the best records in baseball, one of the best lineups in baseball," Rutledge said. "That I'm able to have success, it gives me confidence going forward."

Jacob Young had two RBIs for Washington.

Sean Murphy hit a broken-bat home run in the ninth off Kyle Finnegan, who then retired Eddie Rosario for his 27th save.

Allan Winans (1-2), recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett, allowed two runs and seven hits in five innings. He struck out six in his fifth start for the Braves.

Kyle Wright, who led the majors with 21 wins last season but has been limited to seven starts this year because of shoulder issues, allowed a run over three innings in his first relief appearance since 2019.

"I still believe in myself," Wright said. "I know the results have been a little tough, but I was really happy with the way I threw the ball today. I thought the command was pretty good and I executed in general, for the most part."

The second game was a makeup of Saturday's rainout.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyInterest-Based Ads
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/38485820/atlanta-braves-reach-100-wins-second-straight-season 
 ----- 
