Skip to Search
Skip to Live Player
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
The Fans Are Apparently Too Loud For Spencer Strider
 
PHILLIES N...
The Fans Are Apparently Too Loud For Spencer Strider
Author and Dylan MacKinnon
September 27th, 2023 3:42 PM
WASHINGTON, DC - SEPTEMBER 24: Spencer Strider #99 of the Atlanta Braves pitches in the fourth inning during game two of a doubleheader against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park on September 24, 2023 in Washington, DC.

Spencer Strider did not have a good time when he came to Philadelphia last year. In front of a crazy Philadelphia crowd, he imploded a bit. He gave up an RBI double to Stott, followed later by a 3-Hun Hr to Rhys Hoskins. He learned just how loud fans can get. Strider bounced back and has had a great season this year. But he is still thinking of how loud the Phillies fans are. We know this because when Jomboy Media asked him for a baseball hot take, he said that there should be no fans.

Poor Strider. The fans are just too loud for his sensitive ears. He probably still sometimes hears the roar of the crowd as Rhys Hoskins hit a ball a mile off him, before spiking his bat.

To be fair, Strider is saying it as a joke. But clearly, there is a bit of truth there. That joke didn’t come from nowhere. He does not like dealing with loud fans. And no ballpark gets louder than Citizens Bank Park in the playoffs. He knows that all too well. And he is may get first-hand experience with that crowd at some point this postseason. Strider will likely pitch game 1 in Atlanta. But then he may have to pitch game 4 here too. And if that is the case, and he has to come pitch in Philly again, he will have to deal with those loud fans he dislikes so much. And now knowing how much it bothers him, fans will be even louder, if that is possible.

Of course, for that to happen, the Phillies have to get through the Wild Card Round first. So Strider is likely hoping and praying that someone will beat the Phillies, and his sensitive eardrums won’t be subjected to Citizens Bank Park in the playoffs a second time.

THE PHILLIES 26-MAN ROSTER FOR THE PLAYOFFS- WILD CARD ROUND

Red October is back! After a long, often stressful season, the Phillies are back in the postseason. Last night they beat the Pirates 3-2, to clinch not just a spot in the playoffs, but the fourth overall seed. Ensuring they will have Home Field Advantage in the first round of the playoffs. Citizens Bank Park will once again be rocking with the sound of nearly 43,000 rabid Phillies fans, for what will hopefully be another extended playoff room. Just ideally with a better ending this time.

The Phillies never made it easy on us, even in that final game. Like last season, they started off a bit of a mess. Trea Turner was having the worst season of his career. Bryce Harper was struggling to hit for power coming off Tommy John Surgery. Kyle Schwarber was hitting below the Mendoza Line. They were once again heading into June out of the playoff race.

But just like last year, things started to turn around. They went from a mediocre team in the first two months, to one of the best teams in baseball over the last 4. Eventually, Bryce Haper found his power and still finished with over 20. Trea Turner’s season turned around after a Standing Ovation and he was better than almost any hitter in baseball over the last two months. Kyle Schwarber is still under the Mendoza Line but has 45 HRs, 100 RBIs, 100 Runs, and 120 Walks. And even Aaron Nola is finishing the season on a bit of a roll.

It feels like they have that magic again. And unlike last season, they are not backing in. They took care of their business and clinched the 4 seeded with 5 more games to go. And they will get to start the playoffs at home, rather than in St.Louis.

Here is who will be on the Phillies 26-Man Roster for the Playoffs:
C- JT Realmuto

(Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)

.252/.310/.452/.762

20 HRs, 63 RBIs, 70 Runs, 16 SBs

There has been a lot of heat on JT Realmuto for underperforming this season. But then you look at his actual year-end number, the only big difference is a slightly lower average. He still got to 20 homers, still stole bases, and still was among the best at preventing stolen bases. The big problem has been his absurd home-road splits. JT has struggled badly at home for most of the season. But he has done better in this homestand, and hopefully, that is a sign of what is to come in the playoffs.

1B- Bryce Harper

(Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)

.293/.401/.499/.900

21 HRs, 72 RBIs, 84 Rs, 11 SBs

As mentioned, Harper started off the year on the IL while recovering from Tommy John surgery. And even after coming back, it took him a few months to find his power. But it is back. And he will be looking to create some magical moments like he did last post-season.

2B- Bryson Stott

(Photo by Rich Schultz/Getty Images)

.280/.329/..419/.747

15 HRs, 62 RBIs, 78 Rs, 31 SBs

Stott stole the hearts of fans this year. The guy seems to always have a good at-bat, even when it is an out. Stott leads the MLB with 2 strike hits (81). People like to say he will win a batting title someday, and for good reason. There is a decent chance he wins the Gold Glove at Second Base in the NL this season too.

SS- Trea Turner

(Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images)

.266/.320/.459/.778

26 HRs, 76 RBIs, 102 Rs, 30 SBs

Trea Turner’s start to the season could not have gone worse. But then the Phillies fans did something strange. Gave a standing ovation to a guy playing terrible baseball. And somehow, it worked. Trea went from one of the worst hitters to one of the best. There was a point from late August into September where he hit 11 HRs in 13 days.

3B- Alec Bohm

(Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images)

.274/.327/.437/.765

20 HRs, 97 RBIs, 74 Rs, 4 SBs

Bohm finally had the complete season many thought he was capable of. He is even knocking on the door of 20 homers. His lack of power numbers has been the biggest knock on him, besides defense, to this point. But if he is a guy who hits 20 HRs a season, that is more than enough to go along with his natural hitting talent. Plus he has overall been good enough with the glove to stick long-term at 3rd Base.

LF- Brandon Marsh

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

.277/.372/.458/.829

12 HRs, 60 RBIs, 58 Runs, 10 SBs

Marsh seems far more comfortable in Left than he ever was in Center. He was playing Left field for the Angels when the Phillies acquired him. Until Johan Rojas showed up, he only ever played Center here, because they had no other options. And it was sometimes an adventure. But with Rojas in Center, Marsh moved to Left and has played great there. And he has mostly been a revelation at the plate. Bryce Harper is the only Phillies hitter with a better OPS than Marsh.

CF- Johan Rojas

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

.302/.342/.430/.772

2 HRs, 23 RBIs, 24 Rs, 14 SBs

Rojas could be giving you nothing at the plate, and he would still be worth playing just because of how great he is in Centerfield. Nothing lands with him out there. He makes difficult plays look like routine catches. He has been so good that he is 5th in Defensive Runs Saved (14), despite not playing most of the season. Thankfully he has also been great at the plate. 56 games in, he is still hitting over .300. And while the power is not there, yet, he is a terror on the base paths with 14 steals, and getting caught just once.

RF- Nick Castellanos

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

.272/.311/.476/.788

29 HRs, 106 RBIs, 79 Rs, 11 SBs

Nick’s first year in Philly was a struggle. The second year has been a complete turnaround though. He is knocking on the door of a 30 HR season, has over 100 RBIs, and has even been better in the field. He still swings at everything, and still never walks. But after hitting just 13 HRs all of last season, he has more than just since August.

DH- Kyle Schwarber

(Photo by Rich Schultz/Getty Images)

.196/.343/.473/.817

47 HRs, 104 RBIs, 108 Rs, 126 BBs

Now that he is mostly out of the field, Schwarber can just do what he does best, mash the ball. There has been a lot of talk about Schwarber this season. he has been under the Mendoza Line and was the worst fielder in baseball. But he also is one of the few players in MLB history to have 45 Hrs, 100 RBIs, 100 Runs, and 100 Walks. As long as he is DH, and not in Left, I see no one reason to complain about his production.

SP- Zack Wheeler

(Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)

3.61 ERA, 1.078 WHIP, 212 Ks, 13 Wins

Wheeler had a bumpy start to his season but has mostly settled in, and is the one sure thing the Phillies have going in their rotation. His WHIP in the 2nd half is under 1.000, and his ERA is 3.12 in that same time, after being 4.05 in the first half. Give me Wheller vs. almost any other team’s number 1 guy, and I feel good about the Phillies’ chances.

SP- Aaron Nola

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

4.46 ERA, 1.151 WHIP, 12 Wins, 202 Ks

It has been a struggle for Nola this year. His ERA is over a full run higher than it was last season. He has given up more home runs than anyone. And he has walked more people than he has since 2019. But the last two starts went well, including an impressive game vs. the Braves. So hopefully that is a sign things are turning around. He was great last year in the Wild Card Round and NLDS, but bad in the NLCS and World Series. The Phillies need him at his best.

SP- Ranger Suarez

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

4.18 ERA, 1.42 WHIP, 119 Ks, 4 Wins

It has been an up-and-down season for Ranger. But the one thing we know about him is that he is not afraid of the moment. He gave the Phillies the best start they got in the World Series against the Astros. He has been there and done that. I would feel 100% comfortable with him on the mound in the playoffs.

SP- Taijuan Walker

(Photo by Mitchell Leff/Getty Images)

4.38 ERA, 1.309 WHP, 15 Wins, 138 Ks

Walker had one amazing Month this season, and then a bunch of mediocre ones. he has been hard to really figure out this season. And it makes it hard to decide a role for him. Both Suarez and Sanchez have performed better as a starter than Walker. But can you trust Walker in a bullpen role either? The first inning is usually when he struggles the most. They may have him start the 4th game of a series, with a very short leash, and piggyback him with Christopher Sanchez or Michael Lorenzen

SP/RP- Christopher Sanchez

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

3.44 ERA, 1.05 WHIP, 3 Wins, 96 Ks

When they first called up Sanchez to fill in at that 5th spot in the rotation, most assumed it would be a band-aid. But then he pitched well. And he has continued to pitch well. In fact, he has been their 2nd most consistent starter outside of Wheeler. He has a strong case to be the 4th starter in the playoffs. But unlike Walker, you also know he can be trusted in a bullpen role. It could end up being a hybrid role like Suarez had last season. Either way, he should get a decent role for the playoffs.

RP- Jose Alvarado

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

1.74 ERA, 1.16 WHIP, 64 Ks, 10 Saves

Alvarado’s season has been plagued by two IL Stints. And there was a short period after the 2nd one where things got a bit shaky with him. But he has figured it out again and has given up just 1 hit in his last 4 appearances, with 7 Ks. Alvarado is back, and there is no one in the bullpen I want up more in an important inning than him.

RP- Craig Kimbrel

(Photo by Kevin Sabitus/Getty Images)

3.26 ERA, 1.04, 94 Ks, 23 Saves

For most of the season, Kimbrel was an elite closer. The last two months have been sketchy though. Part of that is because they have used him in more non-save situations, which he is famously bad at. But he has also blown some saves. But despite the recent struggles, he is still probably their best 9th inning option, while using Alvarado in whatever late inning the other team has their best hitters up.

RP- Gregory Soto

(Photo by John Fisher/Getty Images)

4.62 ERA, 1.114 WHIP, 65 Ks, 3 Saves

Soto has been even more all over the place than Kimbrel. There are two months, April and June, where Soto gave up just 1 earned run the entire month. But he also has 2 months, May and August, with an ERA over 7. The Phillies just have to hope October is one of those elite months. He was a bit better in September, so hopefully that continues.

RP- Jeff Hoffman

(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images)

2.41 ERA, 0.922 WHIP, 69 Ks, 1 Save

Jeff Hoffman has been one of the surprises of the year for the Phillies. He came a bit out of nowhere and has been one of their best bullpen arms since. It’s rare he comes in and does not get the job done. And he may be their best option to come in out of the bullpen with runners on base if a starter gets into trouble.

RP- Matt Strahm

(Photo by Todd Kirkland/Getty Images)

3.29 ERA, 1.02 WHIP, 108 Ks, 2 Saves

Stram has actually been decent for the Phillies. I would not trust him in a really high-leverage situation. But as far as middle-inning guys go, he is solid. It feels like when he goes in with runners on base he always gives up the runs. But if he gets to start a clean inning, I feel mostly comfortable that he will get through it without too much fuss.

RP- Seranthony Dominguez

(Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)

3.78 ERA, 1.40 WHIP, 48 Ks, 2 Saves

Last year, Seranthony was one of their best bullpen arms. He and Alvarado made for a killer duo out of the pen. While Alvarado has continued that into this year, Dominguez has not. Something has been off with him. His Era is still okay, but the WHIP has exploded. He rarely ever has clean innings. Hopefully, he figures something out. But right now it is hard to trust him when on the mound.

RP- Orion Kerkering

(Photo by Rich Schultz/Getty Images)

0.00 ERA, 1.33 WHIP, 6 ks

Kerkering has only pitched 1 inning in the Major Leagues. But he looked very good in that one inning. His stuff will play at this level. His fastball hits 100, and his slider is nasty. The Paul Owens award inning may go from starting the season in Low A to pitching in the playoffs for the Major League team.

C- Garrett Stubbs

(Photo by Megan Briggs/Getty Images)

.204/.268/.283/.557

1 HRs, 12 RBIS, 12 Rs, 2 SB

Last year in the playoffs, Stubbs never saw the field. That will likely be the same case in the playoffs this year. Barring injury JT will play every game, and Stubbs is the last guy they would go to as a pinch hitter, unless all they need is for someone to drop a bunt.

UTIL- Edmundo Sosa

(Photo by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images)

.251/.293/.425/.718

9 HRs, 28 RBIs, 33 Runs, 4 SBs

Sosa may not see as much time in the playoffs as he did last year. he was in a Right/Left platoon with Bryson Stott then. This year, they better not sit Stott vs. any lefties. Sosa can be the Super Utillity guy off the bench. But apart from being a defensive replacement for Bohm late, there is no reason to see too much of him.

1B/OF- Jake Cave

(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)

.225/.281/.373/.654

5 HRs, 21 RBIs, 16 Runs, 3 SBs

I would hope we don’t see much of Cave in the playoffs. There was a period of time when Thomson way overused him. But Harper should play first base every day in the playoffs. And it should be Marsh in Left, Rojas in Center every game. Maybe let Pache play vs. Lefties if you want. But there is no reason to ever play Cave over Rojas.

OF- Christian Pache

(Photo by Lachlan Cunningham/Getty Images)

.252/.333/.478/.811

2HRs, 9 RBIs, 10 Runs, 2 SBs

If Pache never got hurt, it would likely be him in Centerfield. But his second IL Stint opened the door for Johan Rojas, who took the job and ran with it. Now the only way Pache should be in is if they want to sit Marsh vs. a tough lefty. I don’t think I would do that either, but it is probably what Thomson will do.

 

OF- Weston Wilson

(Photo by Mitchell Leff/Getty Images)

.313/.500/.500/1.000

1 HR, 5 Runs, 2 RBIs, 6 Walks, 3 SBs

Wilson has not spent much time with the Phillies. And if they were not playing the Marlins, he may not be on the roster. But the Marlins have a ton of tough lefty pitchers, in both the bullpen and the rotation. So as a right-handed bat with some pop, he makes the roster. Wilson is capable of playing multiple positions, but it is hard to see him getting in anywhere but LF, in place of Brandon Marsh.

 

Tyrone Johnson is the host of “The Best Show Ever” on 97.5 The Fanatic. He has been with the station for the past 8 years. Before working at the Fanatic, Tyrone produced political radio, did financial reports, and was assistant chief engineer of another radio station. As a content creator for 97.5 The Fanatic, Tyrone writes articles on the Sixers, Eagles, Phillies, and Flyers.
Sign Up For The Fanatic MVP Insider Newsletter
Get the info you need on the Philly Sports landscape, events you need to know about, exclusive contests, and more.
Email *
SUBSCRIBE
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Author and Dylan MacKinnon
Category:
Phillies // MLB
TAGS: 
CITIZENS BANK PARK,MLB,PHILLIES,SPENCER STRIDER
MORE PHILLIES // MLB
Philadelphia Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Joe Ross
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Jesús Luzardo
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Max Kepler
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Jordan Romano
The Top 10 Biggest Storylines From Philly Sports in 2024
Where Do Phillies Stand in MLB Offseason After Jesús Luzardo Trade?
Phillies Sign OF Max Kepler To 1-Year Deal Worth $10 Million
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Jurickson Profar
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Anthony Santander
Jordan Romano Is A Low-Risk, High-Reward Move For Phillies
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Teoscar Hernandez
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Alex Bregman
A Ranger Suarez Trade Makes Too Much Sense For The Phillies To Ignore
It Sure Seems Like The Phillies Want To Trade Alec Bohm
Could Juan Soto Actually Sign With The Phillies?
Evaluating 3 Philadelphia Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Brandon Marsh
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Alec Bohm
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Nick Castellanos
How The Phillies Can Learn From the Dodgers Success
Stay Or Go- Will Austin Hays Be Back With The Phillies in 2025?
Philadelphia Phillies Offseason Stay Or Go: J.T. Realmuto
Stay Or Go: Will Johan Rojas Roam CF For Phillies In 2025?
Why Cliff Lee Nearly Showed Up Late to Game 1 of the World Series
Phillies Have No Excuse After Watching Dodgers Crush The Mets
4 Realistic Options For the Phillies To Upgrade Left Field
Juan Soto Unlikely To Come To Phillies, But Dont Rule It Out
Evaluating Rob Thomson After 3 Seasons As Phillies Manager
Dave Dombrowski Keeps Any Off-Season Plans To Himself
Phillies Franchise Heroes Gather For Darren Daulton Golf Outing
Conflicting Views About Unpredictable Nature of MLB Playoffs
The Phillies Core Is Rotten, And It Needs To Change
Stay or Go- Is Alec Bohm Still the Phillies Future at 3rd?
Dave Dombrowski Haunted by Familiar Enemy in NLDS
Phillies Need Major Changes After 2nd Playoff Failure
Ranger Suarez Stats Vs Mets Lineup- Game 4 Preview
Phillies Bats Vs Jose Quintana- NLDS Game 4 Preview
Phillies Fans Guilty of “The Steinbrenner Doctrine”
Bryce Harper Is 1 Of The Greatest Playoff Performers Ever
CT’s Top 3: The Top Storylines for NLDS Game 3
Phillies Bats Vs Mets Starter Sean Manaea- Game 3 Preview
Phillies-Mets NLDS Games 3, 4 to Air on 97.5 The Fanatic
Aaron Nola Stats Vs This Mets Lineup- Game 3 Preview
CT’s Top 3: Takeaways From The Philadelphia Phillies’ Weekend
Analyzing Phillies Chase Rate Issue During Classic NLDS Battle
Nick Castellanos Comes Up Clutch To Save The Phillies Season
97.5 The Fanatic To Carry NLDS Game 2 Radio Broadcast
Phillies Hand Away NLDS Game 1 to Red Hot Mets
Download our station app

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!

About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Personal Data Request
Terms of Service
Advertiser’s Terms and Conditions
DMCA
EEO
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
Connect
Subscribe To The MVP Insider Newsletter 
Download The Free Fanatic App
The Fanatic Alexa Skill
Sponsors
Contest Rules
Help
Learn How to Advertise in Philadelphia
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Disable All
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://975thefanatic.com/2023/09/27/the-fans-are-apparently-too-loud-for-spencer-strider/ 
 ----- 
