Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Ohio State beats Notre Dame in last second, as Fighting Irish use 10 men on final two plays

No. 6 Ohio State took down No. 9 Notre Dame, who made crucial mistakes to end the game.

Notre Dame with only 10 players on the final play of the game.NBC
MATIAS WODNER
23/09/2023 - 23:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAAF. Travis Hunter was streaming on Twitch while Colorado trailed Oregon 35-0 at halftime
NCAAF. Oregon coach Dan Lanning disses Deion Sanders, Colorado in pregame speech

In this weekend's top matchup of highly ranked teams in college football, Ohio State defeated Notre Dame 17-14 in dramatic fashion. It was not the prettiest game, with both teams struggling to create any sort of offense, leading to a halftime score with three total points.

The scoring ramped up in the second half, though. Notre Dame held a four-point lead with Ohio State getting the ball back with 1:26 left in the game. Ohio State marched down the field to the one-yard line with seven seconds left. On the final play with three seconds left, Chip Trayanum plunged up the middle for the go-ahead and winning touchdown.

It all seemed normal, until everyone realized that Notre Dame only had 10 defenders on the field when the play happened. On that play, the Fighting Irish only had three defensive linemen with their hands on the ground, and Ohio State used it to their advantage by running right up the middle for the score.

To make matters worse, Notre Dame also only had 10 players on the field for the play before that. It didn't end up biting them then, but it eventually did.

Ryan Day calls out Lou Holtz

Once the game ended, Ohio State head coach Ryan Day was fired up. He specifically called out Lou Holtz, who had said some unsavory things about Ohio State and Day in the lead-up to the game.

MORE in MARCA
Sarah Fergus...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

"I'd like to know where Lou Holtz is now. What he said about our team... I cannot believe. This is a tough team right here. We're proud to be from Ohio. And it's always been Ohio against the world. It'll continue to be Ohio against the world."

NCAAF - English
NFLMicah Parsons calls out Colorado State player: The hit on Travis Hunter was so dirty
NCAATravis Hunter says he wanted to keep playing vs. CSU, doctors made him exit game
NCAARising from the College Football ashes: The bittersweet surge of the Pac-12
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Who is Amy Carter ? The only daugh...
Marca
【老協珍x頤宮】米其林三星名廚陳偉強親自操刀 ，傳承創新聯名年菜 【限量開賣】202...
老協珍
GLB 進化版 年末犒賞榮耀之選 入主星芒好 時機
Mercedes-Benz
長期缺牙怎麼辦？小心牙周病、牙齒歪斜等口腔問題找上門！
中山一日誠臻牙醫診所
您是否因缺牙而感到困擾？不要讓價格成為您健康的負擔！
星誠牙醫診所
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/24/650fb3ec22601dfa6b8b4576.html 
 ----- 
