Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Celebrities
Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti and Gigi Hadid share the Versace runway at Milan Fashion Week

Leo DiCaprio is reportedly dating Vittoria Ceretti

Gigi Hadid and Vittoria Ceretti / X @PopCrave @MOSSYVIBES
LW
23/09/2023 - 21:48 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Movies. Emma Watson shines in satin mini-dress at Milan Fashion Week
Movies. Richard Simmons responds to Pauly Shore's intention of portraying him in an Oscar-worthy biopic

Leonardo DiCaprio's new flame, Vittoria Ceretti, and his former girlfriend Gigi Hadid were both part of the same runaway during Friday's Versace showcase that was celebrated during Milan Fashion Week.

Leonardo DiCaprio and Vittoria Ceretti are an item

Leo's on-and-off relationship with Gigi Hadid began back in 2022 as they were both seen at the same places constantly for a few months, then they stopped being public to later resurface in July having a good time in the Hamptons but nobody confirmed that they were actually in a relationship.

A month after they were seen hanging out back-to-back nights, Leo was seen having some ice cream and grabbing a coffee with Ceretti in Los Angeles. Later, Ceretti who is an Italian model was seen making out with Leo at a club in Ibiza.

According to an insider who spoke to Page Six, "They've been spending quite a bit of time together over the past few months, and they're enjoying getting to know one another on a deeper level".

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Who is Amy...
Marca

Along with Ceretti and Hadid, the runway had the presence of Natalia Bryant making her debut as well as Kendall Jenner and legendary supermodel Claudia Schiffer. Other superstars who attended the show but on the stands were Demi Moore, Anna Wintour, and Vanessa Bryant.

It seems that DiCaprio and Bad Bunny who both had girlfriends participating in the runway were not seen at the show even when Kendall Jenner was opening the runway.

Leonardo Di Caprio - English
US NewsPowerball winning numbers for 9/18/2023: $638 Million Jackpot
US NewsHoward Stern throws verbal uppercuts to GOP House Rep Lauren Boebert after Beetlejuice scandal
NFLNFL RB contracts could take bigger hit after Nick Chubb, Saquon Barkley injuries
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Jennifer Aniston's last words to An...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
一天不到一杯咖啡的價格，認養失親寶貝讓愛從此 不缺席！
財團法人台北市失親兒福利基金會
完善住院日額｜凱基人壽健康樂活醫療終身保險， 全程守護安心保障
凱基人壽
機能餐桌｜耐熱、不易刮傷
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/celebrities/2023/09/24/650fa35ee2704e22198b4575.html 
 ----- 
