We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
MLB
St. Louis Cardinals
MLB rumors: Cardinals planning huge offseason pursuit of Phillies' Aaron Nola

In the 2023-24 MLB offseason, the Cardinals will go hard to sign Phillies pitcher Aaron Nola and bolster their pitching depth.

By 

Sam DiGiovanni

Sep 17, 2023 at 11:49 AM ET

The St. Louis Cardinals clinched a losing record by dropping a home contest to the Philadelphia Phillies. Aaron Nola started the 5-4 win, allowing two runs in 4.2 innings. If the Cardinals could get it their way, he will be suiting up for them next year.

Cardinals president of baseball operations John Mozeliak said after the trade deadline that the team will heavily pursue pitching this offseason. After trading away Jordan Montgomery, Jack Flaherty and Jordan Hicks on top of having Adam Wainwright in his final season, St. Louis lacks pitching depth for next year.

Nola is projected to be very high on the Cardinals' offseason list of free-agent targets, according to Derrick, Goold of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. The 30-year-old is the type of experienced hurler they hope will bring them back into the postseason.

“The Cardinals, according to sources, intend to make an overture to attempt and sign him, and they’re aware of the auction that will develop for the right-hander. He’s had the consistent 200-inning, 200-strikeout seasons they covet, and he’s had postseason success – right here in river city, right in front of their eyes,” writes Goold, referring in his last sentence to Nola's scoreless outing in last year's Wild Card round.

Related St. Louis Cardinals News
Article continues below
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
2d
MLB rumors: Two suitors emerge for Cardinals’ All-Star Ryan Helsley
3 w
MLB Rumors: Yankees’ Paul Goldschmidt interest could have Nolan Arenado effect
3 w
MLB rumors: Tigers, Guardians interested in veteran Cardinals starters
3 w

Aaron Nola has the reputation of a star, as he was named a 2018 All-Star and has received Cy Young award votes in three of the last five seasons, including last year. But 2023 has not been a good one for the Phillies' No. 2 starter. He has a 4.62 ERA for the season, is allowing home runs at a career-worst rate and has shown a tendency to get shelled later in his starts, posting a 5.54 ERA in innings three through six.

In years past, though, Nola has been a strikeout artist with his collection of off-speed pitches. He entered this season with a 3.47 ERA since 2018. The Phillies pitcher has been durable, too, and the Cardinals clearly see a talented veteran they believe they can get the best out of. If they are unsuccessful in their potential pursuit, they still have tons of backup options.

This MLB offseason will see a ton of big-name pitchers hit the open market even with Shohei Ohtani being shut down from pitching for next year. Nola (along with Montgomery and Flaherty) will join Blake Snell, Sonny Gray, Lucas Giolito and Lance Lynn on the open market. Lance Lynn, Charlie Morton, Eduardo Rodriguez, Marcus Stroman and Alex Cobb are among the others who could join them.

Sam DiGiovanni is a beat writer at ClutchPoints covering the Philadelphia 76ers, with expertise covering the NBA at large as well as the NFL and MLB. The Marist College graduate previously wrote for The Knicks Wall, Philly Sports Network and Center Field Marist.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Ex-Yankees, Dodgers reliever drawing interest from ‘8 teams’
10 hours ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
2 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
6 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
5 days ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
6 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki makes clear request to interested teams amid offseason sweepstakes
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
Aaron Nola
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/mlb-rumors-cardinals-planning-huge-offseason-pursuit-of-phillies-star-aaron-nola 
 ----- 
