Skip to Content
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
SCORES
STATS
Walker mashes game-winning homer, makes diving catch
Share
Walker mashes game-winning homer, makes diving catch
September 18th, 2023

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share

0:00

0:26

ST. LOUIS -- As a general rule, baseball managers prefer to work with a player for a season before feeling like they truly know them. Seeing how they handle success and failure, how they push through adversity and how they respond in clutch situations are often the determinants managers use before forming opinions on the long-term potential of a player.

Regarding Cardinals’ rookie Jordan Walker, manager Oliver Marmol doesn’t need the final two weeks of this season to make up his mind about the overflowing talent and massive, raw potential of the 21-year-old slugger. As if Marmol’s mind wasn’t already made up about the 6-foot-6, 245-pound outfielder, Walker offered up another reminder of the promising trajectory his career seems to be on when he smashed a tiebreaking, 400-foot home run that helped the Cardinals beat the Phillies, 6-5 on Sunday at Busch Stadium.

“He’s definitely on a path to be great and he’s going to help us win for a long time,” Marmol said after Walker turned on a 98.4 mph sinker from Philadelphia’s Seranthony Domínguez to break a 5-5 tie. “His skill set, matched with his aptitude and overall personality, lend themselves to him continuing to develop well. He cares and he wants it.”

A day after becoming the fourth-youngest player in the rich history of the Cardinals to register 100 career hits, Walker drilled the first game-winning home run of his young career. Earlier this season, he hit go-ahead homers against the Marlins (July 5, top of the ninth) and Pirates (Sept. 2, bottom of the seventh), but the bullpen squandered those leads he provided. On Sunday, he drilled his 16th home run of the season in the eighth, and closer Ryan Helsley made it stand up with a save.

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

Walker instills joy of reading in young Cardinals fans

November 25th, 2024

With an open mind, Walker found his swing late in season

October 7th, 2024

Cardinals' youth movement leads the way in series-opening win

September 25th, 2024

As for some insight into the high standard Walker has for himself, he came into the game-deciding at-bat in the eighth angry with himself for narrowly missing when he faced Phillies starter Taijuan Walker. He did not miss against Domínguez.

“I was a little frustrated with myself because those are pitches [from Taijuan Walker] that I feel like I should hit, and I ended up just getting under them and just missing,” Walker recalled. “I ended up talking to [Cards hitting coach] Turner [Ward] about it, and he told me I was pulling off a little bit. I went back into that next at-bat and tried to make that adjustment, and it ended up working out.”

Not only did Walker win Sunday’s game with his bat, but he also opened it by showing off the massive strides he’s made with his glove in right field with a diving catch of a 115.2 mph laser off the bat of Kyle Schwarber. For months, Walker -- a converted outfielder who previously played third base -- has been one of the club’s first players on the field before games to get in extra work with assistant coach/Cardinals legend Willie McGee. He said his outfield growth could be measured in what would have likely happened had that same ball been hit to him months earlier.

Get the latest from the Cardinals

Have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the Cardinals and MLB delivered right to your inbox.

Sign up

“Absolutely no chance [he makes that catch], I don’t think so,” said Walker, who covered 34 feet on the catch. “I feel a lot more comfortable now than before after working with Willie. Before, my read would have been slower, and my route would have been worse. With Willie, I’m giving him all the credit because he’s always pulling me out there, and I’m ready to work with him.”

Walker’s rare combination of talent, baseball IQ and a drive to improve have the Cardinals believing that he can be a core piece of their lineup going forward for years to come. Star slugger Paul Goldschmidt, who also homered on Sunday and helped the Cardinals avoid the Phillies sweeping them in the season series for the first time in franchise history, marvels at the tools Walker brings at such a young age.

“This whole year, seeing his growth as one of the youngest players in the big leagues, it’s been really good,” Goldschmidt said. “I’m sure he’d say there’s been a lot he’s learned this year, but big credit to him. He’s done a great job.”

Minutes after Sunday’s win, Walker said it was too soon to think about where his first game-winning homer ranked among the memories he’s made in his first MLB season. However, he did admit that the reality of this first season has greatly exceeded the dreams he had coming in.

“Oh, it’s more than I imagined, man,” he said. “Going out there and playing in front of those fans, I can’t describe that feeling. It’s much more than I ever imagined, for sure.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Jordan Walker

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

Official Info
Help/Contact Us
Accessibility
Job Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/cardinals/news/jordan-walker-hits-game-winning-home-run-vs-phillies 
 ----- 
