Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Live: California fires
Japan earthquake
Blue Origin rocket
NFL playoffs
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Daulton Varsho, Spencer Horwitz homer in 7-run 1st inning as Blue Jays rout Twins, 15-0
1 of 7 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Daulton Varsho celebrates his two-run home run while he runs the bases during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

2 of 7 |  

Toronto Blue Jays designated hitter Spencer Horwit celebrates his two-run home run in the dugout during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

3 of 7 |  

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher José Berríos delivers against the Minnesota Twins during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

4 of 7 |  

Toronto Blue Jays designated hitter Spencer Horwitz celebrates after his two-run home run while he runs the bases during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

5 of 7 |  

Minnesota Twins right fielder Max Kepler attempts to field the ball hit by Toronto Blue Jays’ Alejandro Kirk during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

6 of 7 |  

Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Zebby Matthews reacts after giving up a two-run home run to Toronto Blue Jays’ Spencer Horwitz during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

7 of 7 |  

Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Daulton Varsho catches a fly ball hit by Minnesota Twins designated hitter Trevor Larnach during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Matt Krohn)

BY  TYLER MASON
Updated 2:44 AM UTC, September 1, 2024
Share

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Toronto hit three two-run homers, including two in a seven-run first inning, and José Berríos tossed six shutout innings as the Blue Jays routed the Minnesota Twins 15-0 on Saturday night.

Daulton Varsho and Spencer Horwitz each hit two-run home runs in the first inning off Twins starter Zebby Matthews (1-2), giving the Blue Jays a 4-0 lead just four batters into the game. Toronto scored three more runs in the inning off Matthews to take a 7-0 lead before Minnesota’s bats ever got to the plate.

“I felt like towards the end of the game, everybody was running to the bat rack to try and get in there,” Horwitz said. “When you get that energy and the offense kind of rolling, it’s contagious and I think we saw that tonight.”

Matthews lasted just one more inning in his fourth career start. He surrendered another two-run blast in the second, this time off the bat of Addison Barger, to make it a 9-0 Toronto lead.

“It’s obviously very frustrating,” Matthews said. “My job is to go out there and give the team the best chance to win and I didn’t do that tonight.”

Cleveland and Kansas City also lost Saturday, so Minnesota remains 3 1/2 games behind the first-place Guardians and a game back of the second-place Royals in the American League Central.

RELATED STORIES
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano
Dodgers acquire pitcher Jose Vasquez from Twins for catcher Diego Cartaya

Saturday tied a Blue Jays franchise record for largest shutout win. Toronto set season highs for both runs (15) and hits (23).

That was more than enough offensive support for Berríos (14-9), who was sharp against his former team. The right-hander allowed just three hits, all singles, and tallied five strikeouts in six innings.

After the game, Toronto manager John Schneider mentioned that Berríos was under the weather. Berríos said he had a fever.

“I want to keep going out there and do my thing to help my team, and I did it,” Berríos said. “It was a challenge for me today.”

Berríos pitched for the Twins from 2016 to 2021, when he was dealt to Toronto at the trade deadline. He is now 4-1 lifetime against Minnesota.

Twins infielder Kyle Farmer pitched the eighth and ninth innings and allowed three runs. It’s the second time in his career he’s taken the mound.

Second baseman Will Wagner added a solo homer for Toronto, his second big league homer since debuting on June 26. Wagner finished the game with five hits, the first rookie in Blue Jays history to do so.

“Nothing really phases him,” Schneider said. “I just love the way he goes about it every single day. Simple swing and just understands the game.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Blue Jays: SS Bo Bichette (calf) hasn’t played since July 19, and manager John Schneider said Bichette did some running Saturday, though not on the bases yet. Schneider said the team hopes Bichette will run on the bases in the next few days.

Twins: CF Manny Margot exited Saturday’s game with right groin tightness. He’ll undergo an MRI on Sunday morning.

UP NEXT

RHP Yariel Rodriguez (1-6, 4.82 ERA) will look for his first win since July 6 as he takes the mound for the Blue Jays in the series finale. Minnesota will start RHP Bailey Ober (12-6, 4.06), who was roughed up for nine runs in just two innings against Atlanta in his last start.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
New Hampshire Supreme Court upholds judge's ruling on 'Kee...
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
US to return $52.8 million in seized assets linked to Nigeria'...
The United States will return $52.88 million in seized assets to Nigeria as part...
AP News
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Senioren zweren bij deze verborgen ‘suike rhack’ die hun leven...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Scootmobiel kopen?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Onverkochte koelkast en weggegeven voor bijna niets. Bekijk de...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Dit is wat energielever anciers u niet vertelle n
Landelijk Energieloket
Advertisement:
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverz...
Met betaalbare autoverzekeringsmogelijkh eden die specifiek zijn afgestemd op de...
Go find you
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Tot vandaag - Adidas tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing des...
The Group of Seven democracies have sought to crimp Russia’s oil export...
AP News
Trump tax cuts, if made perman ent, stand to benefit highest...
At the very top of Republicans’ 100-day agenda with President-elect Donald...
AP News
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Latest NFL season highlights fina ncial risks for sports betting...
It’s been a tough football season for sports books. FanDuel and its key rival DraftKin...
AP News
Florida man convicted of killing couple set to die in state's first...
A Florida man convicted of murdering a husband and wife during a fishing trip in...
AP News
Wat is het beste midd el tegen ouderdomsvl ekken? je zal verrast...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Challenges and opport unities of retail comm erce and customer...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
5-sterrencamping en -glamping in het hart van de Sologne
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Energierekening flink omlaag door deze simpele truc
Landelijk Energieloket:Advertisement
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity:Advertisement
Nederland: Koelkasten te koop, bijna gratis! Bekijk de prijs
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Nu zoeken
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/blue-jays-twins-score-26f31f18a42a743f819671d03af21c04 
 ----- 
