Skip to main content
Menu
#GOTIGERSGO
Sports
Men's Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Rifle
Soccer
Tennis
Track & Field
Women's Sports
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Rifle
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Quick Links
General Athletics News
Memphis Athletics Fund
Spirit Squads
Composite Schedule
Tickets
Buy Tickets
Manage My Account
Group Tickets
Memphis Cares
Digital Ticketing & Parking Information
Season Renewals
Student Ticket Information
SeatGeek: Buy or Sell Football Tickets
SeatGeek: Buy or Sell Men's Basketball Tickets
SeatGeek: Buy or Sell Women's Basketball Tickets
Football Tickets, Parking & Gameday Info
RevelXP Tailgating Packages
Simmons Bank Liberty Stadium Outdoor Premium Seating
Football Parking Map
Men's Basketball Tickets, Parking & Gameday Info
Women's Basketball Tickets
Request Ticket Information
Inside Athletics
901Women
Academic Services
Athletic Brand Standards
Athletic Mental Performance
Camps
Compliance
Corporate Partners
Human Performance Center
MaximUM (Name, Image and Likeness)
Liza's Light
Memphis Athletics Fund
#MemphisAscend: Vision for the 2020s
M Club
M Club Hall of Fame
On This Day
Radio Affiliates
Sports Medicine
Student Worker Application
Staff Directory
Story Archives
Tiger Bites Nutrition Program
Tiger Leadership Circle
Trademark Licensing Information
UMADE
Men's Basketball COI Report
Future Student-Athletes
Admissions
International Students
NCAA Eligibility Center
Prospective Students
Student Resources
Facilities
Billy J. Murphy Athletic Complex
Billy J. Murphy Track & Soccer Complex
Elma Roane Fieldhouse
FedExForum
FedExPark Avron Fogelman Field
Frank L. Flautt Golf Center
Larry O. Finch Center
Laurie-Walton Family Basketball Center
Leftwich Tennis Center
M Club Olympic Sports Weight Room
Simmons Bank Liberty Stadium
R.F. Fogelman Rifle Range
Soccer and Track Stadium
Tigers Softball Complex
#MemphisRising: Vision for the 2020s
Our Football Future: Simmons Bank Liberty Stadium Renovations
Fan Zone
Behind The Stripes
Blue Crew
Booster Clubs
Camps
Donation Request
Game Programs
Newsletter Sign-Up
Inside Memphis Athletics Podcast
Memphis Tiger Network
Memphis Tiger Tailgate Concert Series
Online Store
Pouncer's Pals Kids Club
Tiger Traditions
Facebook
Gameday App - GooglePlay
Gameday App - ITunes
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
VIP Football Experience
Donate
Make a Donation
Visit MAF Homepage
Former Tiger RHP Jonathan Bowlan Called Up to MLB

Sep 19, 2023 | Baseball

MEMPHIS, Tenn. – Former University of Memphis pitcher Jonathan Bowlan received an MLB call up from the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday, the organization announced.

The call up for Bowlan makes him the second former Tiger to reach the big leagues this season (Hunter Goodman, Colorado Rockies – Aug. 27). He joins Goodman and former Tiger relief pitcher Sam Moll (Cincinnati Reds) as former Memphis players currently in the majors.

"It's been an awesome month for the Memphis baseball program with not one, but two MLB call ups. We're very proud and happy for Jonathan and his family," Memphis Baseball head coach Matt Riser said. "Another local product stayed home to represent his city and then went on to make the big leagues. This is the exact model we want… We want the best local talent to stay home, be a Tiger and move on to their childhood dream of being a big leaguer. Jonathan is a great role model for our players and kids in the city of Memphis. We wish him all the best in his debut."

Bowlan, an Arlington, Tenn., native and Bartlett High School product was selected in the second round (58th overall) of the 2018 MLB Draft by the Royals to become the second-highest draft pick in Tiger history. Bowlan started 35 games for the Tigers from 2016-18, compiling a career ERA of 3.90 while fanning 211 batters in 224 innings – including 104 in 2018 to rank him top-10 all-time for a single season at Memphis and his 211 career punch outs place him seventh all-time.
Bowlan began his 2023 season at AA with the Northwest Arkansas Naturals before being promoted to AAA Omaha. Since his promotion, Bowlan has made a dozen starts and posted a 6-6 record and a 5.24 ERA to go with 58 strikeouts over 67 innings. He will join the Royals in Kansas City for the current series with the Cleveland Guardians before the club travels to Houston for a series with the Astros this weekend.

How to follow the Tigers: For complete information on Memphis Tigers Baseball, visit www.GoTigersGo.com and follow the team's social media channels on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.


Footer
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://gotigersgo.com/news/2023/9/19/baseball-former-tiger-rhp-jonathan-bowlan-called-up-to-mlb 
 ----- 
