Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Los Angeles Chargers
AFC scouting director expresses doubts on Justin Herbert's elite reputation

Herbert has been the topic of debate this season when it comes to AFC quarterbacks

Herbert and the Charger's are 0-2 to start the seasonLAPRESSE
TA
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 20:44 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Nick Chubb carted off in Pittsburgh after suffering leg injury
Donovan Smith's hilarious response after catching Patrick Mahomes' pass for the Chiefs

When it comes to the discussion of the top-tier quarterbacks in the NFL, the Los Angeles Chargers' Justin Herbert is one that comes to mind. In just his first two NFL seasons, he has thrown for a staggering 9,350 passing yards and has notched 69 passing touchdowns, both of which set records for quarterbacks in such an early stage of their careers. Given his statistical dominance, it's no surprise why he was rewarded with a five-year extension valued at a whopping $262.5 million in July.

But despite these impressive numbers, there are doubters in the ranks. A recent statement by an AFC Scouting Director to Matt Lombardo of FanBuzz challenges the popular opinion about Herbert's standing among the elites. The Director opined,

[Herbert] isn't elite, first of all. He has elite talent. But, struggles reading defenses... He's a pre-determined thrower, not a passer.

Unnamed AFC Scouting Director

Further diving into the criticisms, the Scouting Director pointed out Herbert's tendency to throw into double and zone coverage, and also called into question the predictability of the play-calling under head coach Brandon Staley and offensive coordinator Kellen Moore.

Now, comparing Herbert to other young stars like Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow, and Jalen Hurts might not paint him in the brightest light when considering playoff successes. But is it fair to squarely lay the blame on the shoulders of the Oregon alumni?

Herbert hasn't had the easiest ride in the league

To truly assess Herbert's impact and potential, it's crucial to consider the context. In his relatively short NFL journey, Herbert has already experienced the leadership of two head coaches and has adapted to the strategies of three different offensive coordinators. Such frequent changes can challenge even the most seasoned players, let alone a young quarterback.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

The Chargers' recent playoff game against the Jacksonville Jaguars, where they squandered a 27-0 lead, can hardly be attributed to Herbert, especially given he didn't commit any turnovers.

It's undeniable that Herbert possesses raw talent. The Pro Bowl stats validate his elite status. However, whether he is a "pre-determined thrower" or a victim of the ever-changing coaching strategies and team dynamics, is a debate that will continue to fuel discussions in the coming seasons.

Justin Herbert - English
Los Angeles Chargers - English
NFL - English
Los Angeles ChargersChargers coach Staley refuses to blame poor start on last season's playoff loss to Jacksonville
Los Angeles ChargersLA Chargers' Austin Ekeler mourns the passing of trusted agent Cameron Weiss
Kansas City ChiefsBrittany Mahomes taking a pass on the robot revolution at SoFi Stadium
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Eneco's Vooruitga ng in Hernieuwb...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/los-angeles-chargers/2023/09/19/6508fc20268e3e5b528b45c5.html 
 ----- 
