Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Williams looks just like himself in impressive return
Share
Williams looks just like himself in impressive return
September 20th, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

CHICAGO – After missing 99 games, Trevor Williams returned to the mound on Friday at Wrigley Field. The 32-year-old right-hander had not pitched in a game for the Nationals since May 30 because of a right flexor muscle strain, and he had been determined to get back this season.

Williams efficiently delivered five innings in the Nationals’ 3-1 loss to the Cubs. He allowed one run, three hits, issued zero walks and struck out seven. Williams located 46 of his 66 pitches for strikes to catcher Drew Millas.

“I’m just glad that I’m healthy, everything’s firing on all cylinders, and everything’s feeling to the point where we were before I got injured,” said Williams.

Williams began his afternoon by striking out leadoff hitter Ian Happ on four pitches. He gave up a solo home run to Dansby Swanson off a changeup belted to center field in the next at-bat, but held the Cubs scoreless the rest of the outing.

Williams retired the side in order in the second and fourth innings, and he didn’t face more than four batters in a frame. Aside from the Swanson homer, the other two hits Williams allowed were singles to Christian Bethancourt and Nico Hoerner.

“He elevated when he needed to,” manager Dave Martinez said. “But for the most part, everything was down, slider was good, changeup was really good, his sinker was good. When he can keep the ball down in the zone like that, he’s tough to hit because he changes speeds.”

Williams went with his fastball for nearly half of his pitches (47 percent), reaching 89.8 mph. He also threw his sweeper (27 percent), slider (11 percent), sinker (nine percent) and changeup (six percent). Williams’ four-seamer yielded 20 swings and four whiffs, while his sweeper resulted in 10 swings and seven whiffs.

“It’s a pitch that I’ve had success with this year,” Williams said of his sweeper. “You go to certain secondary pitches to certain guys, and they profiled a lot today where the sweeper was going to be effective to a lot of them. We stuck with the game plan, Drew called an incredible game.”

Williams, who is in the final year of his two-year deal with the Nationals, was having one of his best seasons at the time of the injury. He was 5-0 with a 2.22 ERA across 56 2/3 innings in 11 starts. Williams had tied his career mark with eight strikeouts twice (May 7 vs. Orioles, May 25 vs. Mariners), and he had not allowed more than three earned runs in a start.

Related
García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

4:07 AM UTC

INF Rosario inks one-year deal with Nationals

January 8th, 2025

Bell looks to make noise as the DH in DC

January 8th, 2025

Trevor Williams signs deal to return to Nats

December 31st, 2024

Here's a look at Guardians' free-agent starter possibilities

December 4th, 2024

Which player-team reunions make the most sense?

November 15th, 2024

“He was one of the best pitchers in the league to start the season, probably was going to be an All-Star,” said left-handed starter Patrick Corbin. “For something like that to happen, it stinks. You see him every day coming to the field, the same guy, working hard trying to get back. Sometimes those elbow injuries stink a little bit and can keep you out a little bit longer. But I think it will be good for him to get back out there … [and] feel good going into the offseason.”

Williams is expected to make another start for the Nationals before the end of the season.

“My main thing with him was that he was healthy, and that he leaves here knowing that he’s healthy and he can go start his winter program,” Martinez said. “I know he becomes a free agent, but it’s good for other teams to see him that he’s healthy, and good for us to see that he’s healthy and he’s going out there and competing like he always does.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Trevor Williams

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/trevor-williams-strong-in-return-from-il-for-nationals 
 ----- 
