Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs rally for 7-6 win despite dwindling postseason hopes: ‘You still want to get the job done’
Cubs’Nico Hoerner, Pete Crow-Armstrong and Dansby Swanson celebrate the win at Wrigley Field on Sept. 19, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
By SCOTT HELD | Associated Press
PUBLISHED: September 20, 2024 at 7:00 AM CST

Seiya Suzuki homered, Cody Bellinger drove in three runs and the Chicago Cubs topped the Washington Nationals 7-6 on Thursday night to stave off elimination from the postseason.

Joey Gallo hit a three-run home run for Washington, which has dropped four straight.

The Cubs trailed 6-5 after Gallo’s shot in the sixth off reliever Drew Smyly, but took the lead for good with a two-run seventh. Bellinger singled in the tying run and Isaac Paredes came up next to tag reliever Robert Garcia (3-6) with an RBI groundout.

Dansby Swanson added three hits and scored four times for the Cubs, who remained seven games out of the final NL wild-card berth with nine to play after New York and Arizona won earlier Thursday.

Bellinger said the Cubs aren’t worried about their postseason hopes dying as early as this weekend.

“You still want to get the job done and make plays for your pitcher,” he said.

Ethan Roberts (1-0), the third of five Cubs relievers, got his first career win and Porter Hodge worked the ninth for his sixth save.

“Top of the lineup did a heck of a job, for sure,” Cubs manager Craig Counsell said after his first four hitters accounted for 10 hits and five RBIs.

The teams swapped runs in the first inning before trading two-run frames in the third. In the Cubs’ half of the third, Suzuki hit his 21st home run of the season, a two-run shot off starter Patrick Corbin.

“I’m seeing the ball well,” Suzuki said through a translator after extending his hitting streak to 10 games. “I feel like I can get a little more aggressive.”

The Cubs added two more runs to make it 5-3 before Gallo connected off Drew Smyly in the sixth to give the Nationals a brief 6-5 lead.

CJ Abrams had four hits and scored twice while rookie Darren Baker added three hits and scored a run for Washington.

“We swung the bats well, I thought we ran the bases well,” Washington manager Dave Martinez. “Keep swinging the bats like that and we’ll be fine.”

Cubs starter Javier Assad allowed seven hits, three runs and a walk while striking out five in the first five innings.

Corbin surrendered eight hits and five runs with a walk while striking out four in 4 1/3 innings.

Around the Web
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet The Number One Enemy
Sugar Defender
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Unlock Neuropathy Relief: Simple Nightly Trick Rebuilds Nerves
2025 Neuropathy Guide
The Bra Designed by The 70-year-old Grandma Are Taking South Carolina by Storm!
Libiyi
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
Discover The Future: $59 Smartwatch for Effortless Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Here&#39;s The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
This Handmade New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping South Carolina
Rechol
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Editorial: Speaker Welch’s recent behavior in Springfield raises questions around his Illinois House leadership
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Board of Ethics said it did not give Mayor Brandon Johnson an opinion about CPS leave
Chicago Bears are expected to interview Iowa State’s Matt Campbell for their coaching job
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
20
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/20/chicago-cubs-rally-wrigley-field/ 
 ----- 
