Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs face a ‘daunting’ task in trying to close the ‘big gap’ with the Milwaukee Brewers, Craig Counsell says
Cubs manager Craig Counsell watches the action from the dugout during the 9th inning against the Nationals on Aug. 30, 2024, in Washington. (John McDonnell/AP)
By MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 21, 2024 at 7:55 AM CST

With nine days remaining in the regular season, the Chicago Cubs aren’t officially eliminated from postseason contention, but that is merely a formality at this point.

It’s a disappointing position for the organization to be in, not even making it to the final weekend, like last year, with the potential to make things interesting. And perhaps just as concerning, the Cubs didn’t even make it a compelling race for the National League Central Division title. After a 3-1 victory Friday against the Washington Nationals at Wrigley Field, the Cubs sit 9½ games back of the Milwaukee Brewers, who won the division for the third time in four years.

Manager Craig Counsell provided his most blunt assessment of the team and organization Thursday when evaluating the gap between the two franchises.

“The message sent, really, is that there’s a big gap,” Counsell said. “I mean, they’re ahead of us by a lot, and it’s a talented team on and off the field. It’s a talented team, but there’s a big gap. And we’ve got room to make up. There’s no question about it. Frankly, that makes it daunting.

“We should try to be building 90-win teams here. That’s what you have to do to, that’s a playoff standard.”

It’s improvement that must come internally, and, more specifically, focuses more on the process versus personnel, Counsell further explained Friday.

“We have to push each other in these situations, and that means that inevitably is going to make for hard decisions, because it’s hard, the thing we want to do is hard, and that’s going to require hard decisions,” Counsell said. “But the things worth doing are hard, so that’s where we’ve got to get to, and it’s going to be difficult. We’re not there.

“You have to be open to all areas of improvement. Strengths don’t have a limit. They can become bigger strengths and that means more wins, right? So it’s that’s why you’re open. You always are open to and you should examine every way that you can to improve the team.”

Veteran right-hander Jameson Taillon can remember facing the Cubs in 2016 and 2017 when he was with the Pittsburgh Pirates and the daunting environment they faced coming to Wrigley Field to play a loaded team with stars. He believes the Cubs need to get to the next level in multiple facets.

Cubs starting pitcher Jameson Taillon winds up during the first inning against the Nationals on Sept. 20, 2024, at Wrigley Field. Taillon allowed two hits in six shutout innings in the Cubs’ 3-1 win. (Charles Rex Arbogast/AP)

“It was scary to come to Wrigley and play, like, you didn’t want to catch them on a day where they’re swinging it hot, and I think going forward, that should be our expectation,” Taillon said after tossing six shutout innings Friday. “Teams shouldn’t want to come in here and play the Cubs. Wrigley shouldn’t be a fun road trip. Chicago shouldn’t be a fun road trip for other teams. They should come in here and say we’re going to get worked for three days or they’re going to be giving us a heck of an effort.

“As players, that’s something we should strive for. I know a lot of players on other teams love coming to Wrigley and I don’t want that. I want people to see Wrigley on their schedule and be like, shoot, I don’t want a part of that. For the Chicago Cubs, we should strive to be a 90-win, at least, organization.”

The Cubs (79-75) don’t have any excuses for being so far back of the Brewers. As Taillon noted, while the Cubs have endured some things not going their way, the Brewers have dealt with injuries and traded ace Corbin Burnes to the Baltimore Orioles. And yet they continue to find a way to win.

“It seems like they do win the big moments,” Taillon said.

Taillon recalled giving up a grand slam to the Brewers on June 28 off a 1-2 pitch to Jackson Chourio, which proved to be the difference in the Cubs’ 4-2 loss.

“They seem to sometimes have the edge on those moments over us right now, and it’s on us to flip the script,” Taillon said. “It’s a team effort, it’s an organizational effort, but I’m happy Craig’s on our side because I have full faith in him and the front office and the coaches and us as players finding a way to identify that and get better. Because we do have an excellent group of guys, and this organization’s got a lot of very bright people, so I don’t expect this year to be the norm going forward.”

For the Cubs to produce the type of consistency required to roll out 90-plus-win seasons annually, it requires more than just individual and collective performance at the big-league level. They must acquire and develop minor-league talent, which the Cubs are seeing pay off in some areas, especially with the young pitching that matriculated to the majors this year while some of their top prospects reached the upper levels of the minors.

But for any positives the Cubs could point to, the reality is they are missing out of the postseason again — they haven’t made the playoffs in a non-shortened season since 2018. That’s not acceptable for a franchise like the Cubs, especially within what was set up to be a winnable division this season.

“I do feel like we underperformed this year, I do feel like we’re better than what our record shows, and that doesn’t matter, because your record’s your record,” Taillon said. “But I do feel like this group’s capable of a lot more, and whatever they diagnose and want to do to get better, I’m all ears and ready to see what they have in store.”

Star power is arguably a missing piece to the current formula. The Cubs have a bunch of great players on their roster, ranking third in MLB with five hitters who have at least a 3.0 bWAR, trailing the Dodgers (seven) and Astros (six). But they don’t have the type of superstar who can carry the team for stretches when a group is scuffling, as the Cubs did from May to July.

Taillon saw firsthand on the Yankees in 2021 (92 wins) and 2022 (99 wins) how players such as Aaron Judge and Gerrit Cole can affect a team’s success. While having stars can definitely help, Taillon also explained that there are a lot of ways to win games in the majors, again pointing to the Brewers, who have a lot of good players and find a way to win games without possessing a Judge or Shohei Ohtani-like threat.

“They just find a way to win baseball games, whether that be matchups or guys performing in big moments,” Taillon said. “There’s a lot of ways star power always helps, being able to hit the three-run homer — I know Craig’s talked about that — but also having the starting pitcher that can strike out a ton of guys or being able to put the foot down and end a streak, that sort of thing.

“Star power helps, but I just think there’s so many ways to win games, whether it’s young guys helping defense, baserunning, like, it’s not all about star power.”

Originally Published: September 20, 2024 at 8:31 PM CST
Around the Web
The Bra Designed by The 70-year-old Grandma Are Taking South Carolina by Storm!
Libiyi
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet The Number One Enemy
Sugar Defender
South Carolina: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Here&#39;s The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Don't Let Darkness Stop You: Headlight Glasses Solution
Ribili
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Always Place a Toilet Paper Roll Under the Toilet Seat at Night, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Taking North Charleston by Storm!
Rechol
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Wide-eyed!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Sneaky Way South Carolina Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Discover Now)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Editorial: Speaker Welch’s recent behavior in Springfield raises questions around his Illinois House leadership
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Bird flu: Here’s what Illinois residents should know, following the first US death from the virus
Maximizing Caleb Williams’ Year 2 growth is a ‘huge factor’ in the Chicago Bears coaching search
Leo Segedin, artist whose magic realism often depicted his West Side youth, dies at 97
Brief hearing held in case of alleged Highland Park parade shooter
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
20
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/20/chicago-cubs-milwaukee-brewers-nl-central/ 
 ----- 
