The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Michael Busch's defensive growth on display in Cubs' victory
“The sun didn’t help, but I think it was high enough over there to where I got over there early enough to kind of adjust,” Busch said of his Anthony Rizzo impersonation.
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 20, 2024, 10:52pm UTC

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - SEPTEMBER 20: Michael Busch #29 of the Chicago Cubs reacts after diving to catch a foul ball in the eighth inning against the Washington Nationals at Wrigley Field on September 20, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois. 

Quinn Harris/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

In the eighth inning of the Cubs’ 3-1 victory Friday against the Nationals, first baseman Michael Busch ran to his left and made a diving catch over the tarp, doing his best Anthony Rizzo impersonation.

“The sun didn’t help, but I think it was high enough over there to where I got over there early enough to kind of adjust,” Busch said.

Those diving plays are ones players can’t practice. It takes athleticism and concentration to make that difficult play, but it’s those types of plays that Rizzo — a four-time Gold Glove and one-time Platinum Glove winner — made routine.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
LATEST STORIES
Mexican Americans who visit homeland are at risk of deadly violence
Blackhawks' Alec Martinez finally feeling better after fluky neck injury sent him to hospital
15-year-old handling gun accidentally shot in Chicago Lawn
It's long overdue for women's volleyball to have more women coaches
Here's what you need to know about credit card defaults
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: My late friend’s lonely husband calls me too much
The many conversations, usually about irrelevant nonsense, are becoming invasive.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 10, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
THE WATCHDOGS
Eggs soar to nearly $9 at some Chicago stores. Will prices go back down?
The Sun-Times visited 14 stores in various neighborhoods from Big Oaks to Edgewater, Morgan Park to Midway, and Bucktown and Austin to see what consumers were paying.
By Bob Chiarito | For the Sun-Times  Jan 10, 2025, 11:30am UTC
HEALTH
These West Side churches are working with a hospital to fight high blood pressure among Black Chicagoans
It’s a real life story involving Rush University Medical Center and the Alive Faith Network,a coalition of West Side churchs, that Josh Neufeld, a comics journalist, tells in the form of a comic book.
By Josh Neufeld | The Journalist’s Resource  Jan 10, 2025, 11:30am UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Friday, January 10, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 10, 2025, 6:01am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Notre Dame advances to CFP title game thanks to Jeter's 41-yard field goal
Irish rally past Penn State in thrilling game that saw 31 points scored in fourth quarter
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 4:27am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/20/michael-buschs-defensive-growth-on-display-in-fridays-win 
 ----- 
