MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Cubs stave off elimination, beat Nationals 3-1 behind Taillon and Swanson
Updated Sep. 20, 2024 10:52 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHICAGO (AP) — Jameson Taillon allowed two hits over six innings, Dansby Swanson hit his 16th home run and the Chicago Cubs beat the Washington Nationals 3-1 on Friday to stave off elimination from postseason contention.

Pinch-hitter Mike Tauchman had a two-run single in the seventh for the Cubs (79-75), who have eight games left and closed within six games for the last NL wild card.

“We got a big swing from Dansby early in the game and props to Mike Tauchman, as well,” Chicago manager Craig Counsell said. “He's delivering very good at-bats from a pinch-hitting role.”

Washington has lost five straight games.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Taillon (11-8) struck out four, walked two and hit a batter, improving to 3-0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last five starts. He stranded the bases loaded in the third when José Tena lined out, and Taillion retired his last 10 batters.

“It was a really good effort," Counsell said. "It was crafty the way he pitched. ... His cutter to the backside, he had a lot of lefties in the lineup obviously, and his cutter to that side of the plate was really good.”

Tyson Miller retired Dylan Crews on a bases-loaded grounder in the seventh and gave up an eighth-inning homer to James Wood. Porter Hodge pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save, finishing a five-hitter.

Trevor Williams (5-1), returning from a right flexor muscle strain that had sidelined him since May 30, allowed one run and three hits in five innings.

“Everything felt real good, take away one pitch from this outing,” Williams said. “I'm just thankful that I was be out there and give the team a chance to win."

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Rex Ryan says he's 'the best guy' for Jets vacancy: 'It ain't close'
Rex Ryan has returned to the New York Jets for an interview, and believes he's the best candidate for the job.

Taillon enjoyed locking up with in a pitcher's duel with Williams, a Pittsburgh teammate for four seasons.

“We've stayed in touch really well over the years,” Taillon said. “Cool seeing him back out there healthy. I know fans probably want offense, but for me, selfishly, that's a lot of fun.”

Swanson homered into the left-center bleachers off Williams in the first inning.

Cubs first baseman Michael Busch dove over the tarp and stretched into the protective netting to catch Teña’s foul pop foul for the second out in the eighth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Nationals: RHP Zach Brzykcy was optioned to Triple-A Rochester and transferred RHP Joan Adon to the 60-day injured list.

Cubs: OF Seiya Suzuki appeared to injure his hand stealing second in the eighth. Counsell didn't have an update, but suggested it wasn't serious. ... LHP Jordan Wicks was placed on the 15-day IL with a right oblique strain retroactive to Wednesday and recalled RHP Trey Wingenter from Triple-A Iowa. Wicks had been activated from a 60-day IL on Sept. 1 following an oblique strain and was 1-2 with a 7.50 ERA in four starts. … RHP Hayden Wesneski was activated from the 15-day IL (right forearm strain) and RHP Shawn Armstrong was designated for assignment.

UP NEXT

Washington LHP MacKenzie Gore (9-12, 4.17) faces Chicago RHP Kyle Hendricks (4-11, 6.25) on Saturday.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Jameson Taillon
Chicago Cubs
Dansby Swanson
Trevor Williams
Mike Tauchman
Dansby Swanson
Jameson Taillon
New York Mets
Chicago Cubs
Washington Nationals
MLB - Washington Nationals vs. Chicago Cubs - 09/20/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/cubs-stave-off-elimination-beat-nationals-31-behind-taillon-and-swanson 
 ----- 
