Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Views
Sports
Business
Special Sections
Obits
Buy & Sell
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
MLB roundup: Brewers win NL Central, then walk off Phillies
Reuters Sep 20, 2024 Updated Sep 22, 2024 Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Milwaukee Brewers designated hitter Jake Bauers (9) celebrates with teammates after his game-winning hit beat the Philadelphia Phillies at American Family Field in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Sept. 18, 2024.

Photo by Benny Sieu/Imagn Images

(Reuters) — Jake Bauers lined a bases-loaded, walk-off single in the ninth inning, giving Milwaukee a 2-1 victory over the visiting Philadelphia Phillies in the finale of a three-game series between division leaders after the Brewers clinched the National League Central earlier on Wednesday.

Rookie Jackson Chourio sent the second pitch of the ninth from Carlos Estevez (4-5) the opposite way for a triple into the right field corner. William Contreras was walked intentionally and took second on catcher's indifference. Willy Adames drew a one-out walk to load the bases. Bauers then lined the first pitch down the right field line to clinch a three-game series win for the Brewers.

Milwaukee clinched the NL Central title by virtue of the Chicago Cubs' 5-3 afternoon loss at home to Oakland. It is the Brewers' second consecutive division title, third in the last four seasons and fourth in the last seven.

The loss prevented the Phillies from clinching a postseason berth. Philadelphia, which has the best record in baseball, leads the NL East by seven games over the Mets. The Phillies lead the Dodgers by one game for the best record in the National League.

Phillies starter Aaron Nola allowed one run — a sixth-inning homer by Rhys Hoskins — on three hits in seven innings, striking out nine and walking one. Brewers starter Freddy Peralta allowed one run on two hits — Alec Bohm's leadoff homer in the second — over five innings, striking out nine and walking two.

Yankees 2, Mariners 1 (10 innings)

Anthony Rizzo doubled home the go-ahead run in the top of the 10th inning as New York clinched an American League playoff berth with a victory against host Seattle.

The Yankees won for the sixth time in their past seven to earn at least a wild-card berth. They have a five-game lead over Baltimore in the AL East. The Mariners remained five games behind the Houston Astros in the AL West and three back of the final wild-card spot.

In the 10th, with Jasson Dominguez as the automatic runner, Rizzo lined the first pitch of the inning from Mariners reliever Collin Snider (3-4) into the right field corner. In the bottom of the 10th, Yankees catcher Austin Wells picked off Julio Rodriguez at third after Rodriguez avoided Randy Arozarena's bat after a strikeout. Ian Hamilton then struck out Justin Turner to end the game.

Dodgers 8, Marlins 4

Shohei Ohtani got closer to the historic 50-50 milestone as Los Angeles defeated host Miami.

Ohtani stole his 49th base. He has 48 home runs this season as he attempts to become the first major leaguer to produce 50 homers and 50 steals in the same season.

Marlins starter Ryan Weathers (3-6) made his first start since June 7 due to an injury to his left index finger. He lasted 4 1/3 innings, allowing eight hits and six runs (five earned).

Padres 4, Astros 0

Dylan Cease allowed just two hits in 8 1/3 innings and Manny Machado homered twice as San Diego blanked visiting Houston to win a tight, well-played interleague series between playoff contenders.

Tanner Scott came out of the bullpen and got the final two outs for his third save with San Diego and his 21st overall. The Padres maintained a 2 1/2-game lead on the Arizona Diamondbacks and New York Mets for the National League's first wild-card spot and remained 3 1/2 games of the Los Angeles Dodgers for first place in the NL West.

The Astros, who were limited to two hits, maintained their five-game lead over the Seattle Mariners in the American League West.

Athletics 5, Cubs 3

Zack Gelof doubled home the go-ahead run and scored another in a two-run eighth inning, and visiting Oakland sent Chicago to the verge of playoff elimination.

Tyler Soderstrom had two hits, including a homer, scored two runs and drove in a pair for the Athletics, who completed the interleague portion of its schedule with a winning record (24-22).

Despite 2 2/3 shutout innings from Justin Steele in a comeback effort, the Cubs dropped seven games out of the final National League wild-card spot with just 10 games remaining.

Giants 5, Orioles 3

Michael Conforto had three hits, including a homer, and San Francisco frustrated host Baltimore again, dealing the Orioles another setback as they try to remain in the American League East picture.

Mike Yastrzemski hit a home run for the second consecutive night and Casey Schmitt drove in two runs for the Giants.

The Orioles (84-68) have lost eight of their past 10 games and are in danger of sliding out of the chase with the New York Yankees in the American League East. With the Yankees winning 2-1 in Seattle on Wednesday, Baltimore is five games back in the division race.

Mets 10, Nationals 0

Brandon Nimmo hit a three-run homer to cap an impressive nine-run fourth inning and Jose Quintana pitched seven scoreless innings as host New York rolled past Washington.

The Mets outscored the Nationals 20-1 in the final two games of the three-game series after eking out a 2-1 victory on Monday. New York is tied with the Arizona Diamondbacks for the second National League wild-card spot, with both teams two games ahead of the Atlanta Braves for the third and final wild-card spot.

Quintana (10-9) benefited from strong run support for the second straight outing and allowed two hits and two walks to win his fourth straight start. He struck out four and extended his scoreless streak to a career-best 22 2/3 scoreless innings.

Diamondbacks 9, Rockies 4

Corbin Carroll homered twice, Randal Grichuk also went deep, and Arizona beat Colorado in Denver.

Left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez (3-3) had a season-high 11 strikeouts with five hits, two runs and one walk allowed in 6 1/3 innings for Arizona. The Diamondbacks avoided a three-game sweep and remained tied with the Mets for the second National League wild-card berth.

Grichuk, Jake McCarthy and Gabriel Moreno finished with two hits each for Arizona.

Aaron Schunk and Sam Hilliard had two hits apiece for Colorado. The Rockies have captured six of their last nine home series and need to win four of their last nine games to avoid a second straight 100-loss season.

Braves 7, Reds 1

Marcell Ozuna doubled twice and snapped a tie with a towering home run in a three-run seventh inning as visiting Atlanta beat Cincinnati.

Michael Harris II added a no-doubt homer, his 13th, in the eighth as Atlanta defeated Cincinnati for the first time in five meetings this season. The win assured the Braves of staying within two games of the New York Mets for the third and final National League wild-card spot with 10 games remaining. With the loss, the Reds were eliminated from playoff contention.

Cincinnati starter Jakob Junis held Atlanta to one run and two hits over six innings. The righty was perfect early, retiring the first 11 batters before Ozuna broke through with a double just beyond the diving reach of Spencer Steer in left-center. Matt Olson followed with a sharp single to center, scoring Ozuna.

Guardians 5, Twins 4 (10 innings)

Josh Naylor hit a pair of tying solo homers and Brayan Rocchio's RBI single capped a three-run 10th as Cleveland beat visiting Minnesota.

Carlos Correa's two-run single with the bases loaded in the 10th off Hunter Gaddis (5-3) capped a four-RBI night and gave Minnesota a 4-2 lead. However, the Twins' Ronny Henriquez (1-1) allowed RBI singles to Kyle Manzardo and Will Brennan in the bottom of the frame to tie the contest. With one out and runners on the corners against Michael Tonkin, Rocchio delivered the game-winning hit.

With a postseason berth nearly clinched, the Guardians improved to 13-7 since Aug. 28. They hold a 6-game lead in the American League Central over the Kansas City Royals, who lost to the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday. The devastating result for Minnesota — clinging to the third and final AL wild-card spot — overshadowed a stellar 12-strikeout effort from starter Bailey Ober.

Tigers 4, Royals 2

Tarik Skubal won his fifth straight decision and Riley Greene homered as Detroit beat host Kansas City Royals, completing a three-game sweep.

In the wild-card chase, Detroit closed the gap to two games behind Kansas City and a half-game behind the Minnesota Twins for the third and final wild-card spot.

Skubal (17-4) completed five innings of one-run ball, allowing three hits with one walk and seven strikeouts. His 221 strikeouts lead the majors, and he leads the American League in wins and ERA, at 2.48. Greene blasted a 427-foot homer over the right field bullpen to open a three-run third inning.

Red Sox 2, Rays 1

Jarren Duran drove in the winning run in a small-ball eighth inning as Boston evened its three-game series with Tampa Bay in St. Petersburg, Fla.

After Trevor Story (2-for-3, homer, two runs) opened the eighth with a weak single past Drew Rasmussen (0-2), the Boston shortstop stole second and third. With one out, Duran slapped the winning hit to right for the Red Sox. Boston starter Tanner Houck yielded one run and four hits in four innings.

Tampa Bay's Josh Lowe (double, run), Jonny DeLuca (hit by pitch) and Taylor Walls (RBI, walk, stolen base) had two hits apiece. Ryan Pepiot dominated Boston for six innings, allowing one run while fanning a career-high 12. In the fifth, he crafted the fourth immaculate inning (struck out all three batters on a total of nine pitches) in Rays history.

Angels 4, White Sox 3 (13 innings)

Jordyn Adams hit a walk-off RBI single in the bottom of the 13th inning, giving Los Angeles a walk-off win over Chicago in the rubber game of their three-game series in Anaheim, Calif.

With automatic runner Eric Wagaman on third base, Adams' hard grounder on a 1-0 slider by reliever Jairo Iriarte (0-1) against a drawn-in infield deflected off third baseman Miguel Vargas' glove into the hole at short for his first career walk-off hit.

It marked the 117th loss for Chicago, tying the 1916 Philadelphia Athletics (36-117-1) for the third most losses in a season in modern major league history and just three shy of the major league record of 120 held by the 1962 New York Mets. It was also the 10th walk-off loss of the season for the White Sox.

Rangers 2, Blue Jays 0

Adolis Garcia belted a two-run homer and Cody Bradford tossed seven shutout innings to fuel Texas past Toronto in Arlington, Texas.

Rookie Wyatt Langford singled to lead off the sixth inning before Garcia deposited a first-pitch sinker from Bowden Francis (8-5) over the wall in left field for the game's only scoring. The homer was Garcia's 23rd of the season and first since Sept. 5.

The Blue Jays had just five hits on Wednesday after totaling 13 in the series opener. Francis saw his winless streak extend to three starts despite permitting only two runs on five hits with six strikeouts and one walk in six innings.

Cardinals 10, Pirates 5

Jordan Walker hit the game-breaking three-run double in the seventh inning as St. Louis Cardinals past visiting Pittsburgh.

Brendan Donovan hit a two-run homer and Masyn Winn hit a solo shot for the Cardinals, who have won the first three games of this four-game series. Nolan Arenado went 3-for-3 with two walks, two runs and an RBI and Cardinals starter Sonny Gray allowed four runs on nine hits in 5 2/3 innings.

Billy Cook hit a three-run homer for the Pirates, who lost for the fifth time in six games.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Jake Bauers Brewers Phillies
WEEKLY POLL
Do you think 2025 will be a better economic year for the CNMI?

(This is not a scientific poll.)

Yes
No
I hope so
Not sure
Vote View Results
View More Polls
TRENDING
Local GOP challenges governor’s return to party
New Year’s Day robber arrested
DPS: Gunshots reported in Tanapag on New Year’s Day; 4 arrested in other cases
2 arrested for selling cocaine
King-Hinds sworn in as delegate
LATEST E-EDITION

Click below to view our latest e-Edition.

Page V-02
Page V-03
SPECIAL EDITIONS
CNMI SBDC Newsletter Issue 01
Best of the Marianas 2024
PSS Students First - November 2024 Issue
PSS Students First - Special ARPA Edition 2
TODAY'S ADS
07549 JKPL ITB25-JKPL- 42500024 011025
07698 MBI Anchor 121324
07832 CPA RFP 009 25 Airport Business 12122024
07877 Black Micro vacancy 122724
SECTIONS
Home
News
Sports
Business
Lifestyle
Local Events
Announcements
Obituaries
Opinion
Multimedia
Online Features
SERVICES
Contact Us
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Promote Your Event
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
E-Edition
MARIANAS VARIETY NEWS & VIEWS
Physical Address:
Alaihal Avenue, Garapan
Saipan, MP 96950
Mailing Address:
PO Box 500231
Saipan, MP 96950
Telephone:
(670) 234-9272
Facsimile:
(670) 234-9271
ISSN:
2995-2360
© Copyright 2025 YAS Inc. DBA Marianas Variety News & Views Alaihai Avenue, Garapan, MP  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mvariety.com/sports/nationalsports/mlb-roundup-brewers-win-nl-central-then-walk-off-phillies/article_c1475bea-768a-11ef-8732-1b2f01541b62.html 
 ----- 
