Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Willamson solid in return from IL, then Reds walk it off
Share
Willamson solid in return from IL, then Reds walk it off
September 1st, 2024

Mark Sheldon

@m_sheldon
Share

0:01

0:30

CINCINNATI -- Their pitching issues and lack of healthy starters have forced the Reds to consider just about any and every viable idea. On Sunday, that meant having Brandon Williamson return from the injured list after only one rehab-assignment start.

“I was ready," said Williamson, who made his 2024 debut vs. the Brewers. "Pitching’s pitching. Throw good pitches, get guys out. I had been working all summer to be ready for that call."

Although Williamson was on a limit of 65 pitches, he and the relievers that followed gave the Reds exactly what they needed for a 4-3 walk-off win over Milwaukee in 11 innings at Great American Ball Park to salvage the final game of the series.

It was a 3-3 game in the bottom of the 11th when pinch-hitter Santiago Espinal chopped a comebacker to the mound off Brewers pitcher Bryse Wilson. He had no play, as pinch-runner Rece Hinds bolted home from third base and scored the game-winner with a headfirst slide across the plate.

In the no-decision for Williamson, he threw 3 1/3 innings and gave up two earned runs and four hits with no walks and five strikeouts while throwing 66 pitches (44 strikes).

“It felt great," Williamson said. "I got some nerves early that I was pretty ecstatic to feel, because I hadn’t felt nerves in a while.”

Williamson retired his first seven batters in order -- including striking out the side in the top of the second inning.

A poor backhanded effort on Jackson Chourio's routine grounder by third baseman Noelvi Marte was questionably ruled a hit and loaded the bases for Milwaukee with one out in the third inning. But Williamson escaped with a Blake Perkins sacrifice fly scoring the rally's only run before William Contreras was caught looking at a cutter for strike three. Willy Adames led off the Milwaukee fourth inning with a homer that made it a 2-2 game.

"He pitched very well today. He gave it all he's got. I’m happy that he can help us, because we need it right now," said second baseman Jonathan India, who had three hits and made a key fielder's choice throw to the plate that kept the game tied in the top of the 10th.

Related
The MLB player who raced a cheetah -- and won!

January 12th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Williamson to undergo Tommy John; '25 return in question

September 19th, 2024

Williamson's elbow strain dulls shine of dramatic win

September 18th, 2024

Williamson continues Reds' impressive pitching stretch

September 12th, 2024

It's been a long summer for Williamson since he had to be shut down in mid-March during Spring Training because of a left shoulder strain. Initially, he wasn't expected to miss too much time before setbacks changed everything.

Williamson had four rehab starts in the Minors but was halted again by continued soreness before it was revealed that a Bennett lesion -- or a mineralization of a posterior ligament -- had developed in his shoulder.

Williamson opted for injections and therapy instead of season-ending surgery, which proved to be the right decision. He also put on 15 pounds and worked on adding strength to his hips so he could put less stress on his shoulder.

"I just felt like there was a chance I could get back this year," Williamson said. "I’m really glad it went like this, because it was kind of 50-50. I didn’t really know. I just wanted to try it.”

After pitching and doing rehab at the team’s complex in Goodyear, Ariz., Williamson threw 2 2/3 innings and 50 pitches for Triple-A Louisville in his first rehab start since shutting down in June.

“Brandon has been working for a while, really all summer, to get all the way back and make sure he’s healthy," Reds manager David Bell said. "So there’s been different points in the summer where he’s been built up a little bit and kind of had to back off. So it wasn’t really starting from scratch. We felt like he was prepared to pitch here, just not very deep into the game.

“It’s great to see him healthy. We’ll build him up the rest of the way while he’s here.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Reds’ rotation landscape has changed dramatically since Williamson was initially injured. Hunter Greene, Andrew Abbott, Nick Lodolo and Graham Ashcraft are all on the injured list, and Frankie Montas was traded to the Brewers on July 30.

Because of so many injuries, especially lately, the Reds have been forced to rely on using relievers and calling up journeymen veterans from the Minors. Two prospects -- Julian Aguiar (No. 11) and Rhett Lowder (No. 2) -- have also made starts and are expected to fill in for the rest of the season.

Like the two prospects, Williamson has a chance to make a showing ahead of the battle for rotation spots in 2025.

“I’m not thinking too much about next year," Williamson noted. "Hopefully just trying to feel good for the next start.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds
Brandon Williamson

Senior Reporter Mark Sheldon has covered the Reds for MLB.com since 2006, and previously covered the Twins from 2001-05.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/reds-walk-off-to-win-series-finale-over-brewers 
 ----- 
