News
Programmes
Schedules
How to Listen
About RNZ Pacific
PACIFIC
22 Nov 2023
'Glory to God’: Tongan women look to round out dream in league debut at Pacific Games
12:24 pm on 22 November 2023 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In
	Koroi Hawkins, in Honiara
@KoroiHawkins koroi.hawkins@rnz.co.nz

All hands on deck - Tonga putting in defence against Samoa at the Pacific Games in Solomon Islands. FT score Tonga 18 - 0 Samoa. Photo: RNZ Pacific / Koroi Hawkins

Medals for the men's and women's rugby league nines will be decided at the Pacific Games in Honiara today.

The Tonga women's team is just one match away from being crowned Pacific Games champions in Solomon Islands.

The tournament debutante's unbeaten run to the final included a 14-8 victory over defending champions Fiji, who will be playing Samoa for bronze.

Tonga will play the Cook Islands in the gold medal match on Wednesday night and their captain Ana Ngahe said the team was keeping its eyes on the ball.

"The Cook Islands gave us a tough game (when the teams met in pool play), but it was pretty awesome our girls were determined and committed throughout the whole game," Ngahe said.

Tonga's Lavinia Tauhalaliku breaks Samoa's defence line at the Pacific Games in Solomon Islands. FT score Tonga 18 - 0 Samoa. Photo: RNZ Pacific / Koroi Hawkins

She said the hardest thing for her team had been playing in the sultry conditions.

"Our girls are not very adapted to the weather but all-in-all we just want to thank God, he is the reason we have made it this far ... we just want to give the glory back to God."

The Cook Islands' only loss in the tournament has been against Tonga, and captain Toru Arakua was chomping at the bit for a rematch.

"I'll tell you now that was a nail-biter, but we will come back from it two times stronger," Arakua said.

Fiji-Samoa rematch

In the men's competition, defending champions Fiji are also keen for a rematch, their only loss this tournament coming at the hands of Samoa who they play again on Wednesday local time in the gold medal match.

Big Hits - Samoa put in some bone-crunching tackles against hosts Solomon Islands. FT score Samoa - Solomons Islands. FT score Samoa 22 - 4 Solomon Islands. Photo: RNZ Pacific / Koroi Hawkins

Fiji captain Rusiate Ratukana said the team had recovered well from the loss against Samoa with back-to-back wins over hosts Solomon Islands and the Cook Islands on Tuesday.

"We have been working on things game after game, we had lost yesterday and we bounced back," Ratukana said.

He said the Fijians were loving playing in Honiara.

"We love Solomons, even though it is hot here, we love Solomons, the food, the people it's lovely and the competition is really competitive, and we really love this whole new stadium ... the atmosphere here, the Fijian boys just love it."

For the men's bronze medal match the Cook Islands will be taking on Tonga who beat them in their final pool match on Tuesday.

Kick-off for the women's gold medal match is at 5.30pm (7.30pm NZT) and the men will battle it out from 7pm (9pm NZT).

The Cook Islands' Adya Angana has a crack at Tonga's Ulukaulupe Akolo during the 2023 Pacific Games in Solomon Islands. 21 November 2023 Photo: RNZ Pacific / Koroi Hawkins

Tags: 
Pacific Solomon Islands Fiji Samoa Cook Islands Tonga
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2023, Radio New Zealand

NEXT STORY IN PACIFIC
Free West Papua campaigners convene for inaugural meeting in Jayapura
RELATED STORIES
CNMI's youngsters get taste of Oceania soccer in loss to Fiji
21 Nov 2023

The CNMI men's national soccer team got a rude awakening when it lost to Fiji 10-0, on Saturday in their debut in the 2023 Pacific Games in Honiara.

CNMI's youngsters get taste of Oceania soccer in loss to Fiji
Pacific Games 2023: New Caledonia lead medal tally, but female lifters steal limelight
21 Nov 2023

The 2019 Pacific Games champion New Caledonia leads the 2023 Pacific Games medal tally at the end of the fourth day of competition in Honiara on Monday night.

Pacific Games 2023: New Caledonia lead medal tally, but female lifters steal limelight
Pacific Games 2023: Weightlifter Wini wins three medals for Team Solomons
20 Nov 2023

Solomon Islands' Golden Girl Jenly Tegu Wini claimed the first gold medals at the 2023 Pacific Games in Honiara on Monday, claiming three gold medals in the weightlifting competition.

Pacific Games 2023: Weightlifter Wini wins three medals for Team Solomons
Pacific Games 2023: Opening ceremony in pictures
20 Nov 2023

The 17th Pacific Games officially opened in Solomon Islands on Sunday with the host nation pulling out all the stops to put on a vibrant and colourful celebration of culture and unity.

Pacific Games 2023: Opening ceremony in pictures
‘We and us': Pacific Games battle begins as opening ceremony lights up Honiara
20 Nov 2023

The Pacific turned up on Sunday night at the newly built National Stadium in Honiara as the 2023 Pacific Games was officially opened in a ceremony befitting the region's premier sports event.

‘We and us': Pacific Games battle begins as opening ceremony lights up Honiara
It's the Pacific's 'mini Olympics - some say it's more like a 'war zone'
19 Nov 2023

Seven years in the making and costing hundreds of millions of dollars, the Pacific Games in Solomons Islands start this week. But there's many other games going on.

2023 Pacific Games: Some say it's more like a 'war zone'
Pacific Games 2023: Teams start arriving in Honiara
15 Nov 2023

Pacific nations are starting to fly into Honiara for the 2023 Pacific Games, with several contingents already weclomed in by the Games Organising Committee.

Pacific Games 2023: Teams start arriving in Honiara
Pacific Games 2023: PNG govt urged to release funding promised to athletes
13 Nov 2023

Papua New Guinea's government has come under fire for not delivering on its financial promise to Team PNG to the 2023 Pacific Games in Honiara starting on Sunday.

Pacific Games 2023: PNG govt urged to release funding promised to athletes
Pacific Games 2023: Solomons athletes cry foul over 'unfulfilled promises' as Games opening looms
8 Nov 2023

With the opening ceremony of the 2023 Pacific Games looming, some Solomon Islands athletes are asking why there is no financial assistance given to them during their preparation. AUDIO

Pacific Games 2023: Solomons athletes cry foul over 'unfulfilled promises' as Games opening looms
PACIFIC
Aotearoa's role in Pacific mental health statistics
Cook Islands not qualified for UN membership, says prime minister
Husband and wife describe KSM honour a momentous occasion
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEW ZEALAND STORIES
Dame Tariana Turia has died
Ikea receives 800 applications for each role ahead of Auckland opening
Cybertruck explosion not linked to New Orleans attack - FBI
Murder-accused driver due in court over death of police officer Lyn Fleming
Holiday road toll on track to be lowest in years
SUBSCRIBE

Pacific RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/502980/glory-to-god-tongan-women-look-to-round-out-dream-in-league-debut-at-pacific-games 
 ----- 
