BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Football
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
Gossip
Transfers
Top Scorers
Women
European
All Teams
Leagues & Cups
Quizzes
ADVERTISEMENT
Afcon 2023: Tunisia 1-1 Mali - Hamza Rafia equaliser gives Carthage Eagles first point
Published
20 January
comments
2 Comments
Share
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Hamza Rafia's equaliser ensured Tunisia have never lost their opening two Afcon matches in 21 appearances at the finals

By Ben Miller
BBC Sport Africa

Hamza Rafia's first-half strike gave 2004 champions Tunisia their first point at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations courtesy of a draw against Mali.

Midfielder Rafia arrived first to send Ali Abdi's cross squirming in via goalkeeper Djigui Diarra's body.

Mali had gone ahead through Lassine Sinayoko's drilled opener and are on the brink of reaching the last 16.

Kamory Doumbia almost restored the Eagles' lead six minutes after the break, stabbing a shot narrowly wide.

Everything you need to know about Afcon 2023

Who will win Afcon 2023? The computer says...

Eric Chelle's side will need a maximum of a draw to advance in their final group-stage game against Namibia on Wednesday (17:00 GMT), although the complexion of Group E will change when the Brave Warriors and Bafana Bafana face each other in their second matches on Sunday (20:00 GMT).

The nations who had been pre-Afcon favourites to lead the group both scored with their only attempts on target on a night when wayward shooting was a frequent feature of the action.

Auxerre forward Sinayoko scored his second goal of the finals in emphatic style, thumping a crisp diagonal drive in off the far post.

The lead lasted 10 minutes before Abdi showed nimble feet to cut a low pass from inside the box back into Rafia's path for the equaliser.

Sinayoko could have gone level with the top scorers at Afcon so far - Algeria's Baghdad Bounedjah and Equatorial Guinea's Emilio Nsue - but for a finish lofted high over the crossbar when he met Hamari Traore's inviting delivery in front of goal.

Tunisia goalkeeper Bechir Ben Said had already been relieved to see Doumbia's effort beat his dive but roll behind.

Substitute Yves Bissouma, on as an 83rd-minute substitute, threatened during the closing stages, firing wide from the edge of the box as Mali missed out on a third win in four Afcon meetings with Tunisia, two of which have now been draws.

Jalel Kadri's players, who suffered a shock 1-0 defeat to Namibia in their opening match and play South Africa in their deciding game, are three points behind Mali in third place.

Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more.
Related topics
Tunisia
Africa Sport
Football
View comments | 2
Top stories
LIVE
. 

Premier League reaction: Liverpool go eight points clear as Forest move up to second

Australia win thriller to take series lead over India

Published
3 hours ago

Salah 'far away' from new Liverpool deal

Published
2 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

The greatest artworks were born of war and bloodshed

Drama documentary of artists Michelangelo, Leonardo and Raphael competing to craft beauty from chaos

A houseparty mixtape for Kiell Smith-Bynoe!

Providing the perfect selections to take the party from the start right till the end

How many more ghosts are in residence?

Sam and Jay have plenty of mysteries to unravel regarding their ghoulish housemates

Dissecting funny and fascinating medicine

Comedian Kiri Pritchard-McLean and guests celebrate medicine’s past, present and future

Elsewhere in Sport

Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2025

Quiz: How well do you remember cricket in 2024?

'Lyon does the job!' - Australia win as India collapse. Video
'Lyon does the job!' - Australia win as India collapse

Late drama & brilliance - best football moments of 2024

Analysis: Why Liverpool are 'nearly impossible' to defend against. Video
Analysis: Why Liverpool are 'nearly impossible' to defend against

'Brilliant' Bumrah removes Head & Marsh in same over. Video
'Brilliant' Bumrah removes Head & Marsh in same over

Is Liverpool's new front three even better than Salah, Mane & Firmino?

Forest lend retro feel to table - here's why they can stay the course

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays. Video
Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays

Wins, drama and race debuts - take the 2024 F1 quiz

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/67966567 
 ----- 
