SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
MALI PUT ONE FOOT IN AFCON KNOCKOUTS AFTER BATTLING TO DRAW WITH TUNISIA
Mali put one foot in AFCON knockouts after battling to draw with Tunisia
Danny Clark,
20.01.2024 22:05
The match ended 1-1 in Korhogo
AFP
Mali moved a step closer to qualifying for a third consecutive knockout phase at the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) after battling to a fiercely competitive 1-1 draw with Tunisia in Korhogo.

Having suffered a shock defeat to Namibia in their AFCON opener on Tuesday, Tunisia knew a positive response was needed against an in-form Mali side.

The Eagles of Carthage came flying out the blocks in the opening stages, but it was Eric Chelle’s men who found an early breakthrough against the run of play, with Lassine Sinayoko picking up a pass from Kamory Doumbia and firing a clinical strike into the far corner.

Undeterred, Tunisia found a swift response just 10 minutes later, as Hamza Rafia timed his run to perfection to convert from Ali Abdi’s intelligent cut-back.

After a frantic opening 25 minutes, both sides looked to stamp their authority on proceedings before half time, and Mali came close to retaking the lead when Doumbia rifled a presentable opportunity wastefully wide of the target.

Key match stats
Flashscore

The end-to-end nature of the contest continued into the second half, but a distinct lack of cutting edge in the final third continued to prove problematic for Mali, with Hamari Traore blasting over from a tight angle.

Determined to avoid a first group stage exit since 2013, Jalel Kadri’s men upped the ante with time ticking into the final 20 minutes but were fortunate not to fall behind when Sinayoko spurned another glorious chance for Mali, directing a close-range effort inexplicably over the bar.

The Eagles’ profligacy in front of goal didn’t come back to haunt them though, as Chelle’s side coasted through the closing stages to pick up a valuable point, moving them to within touching distance of the knockout stages.

The result extends Mali’s unbeaten run across all internationals to 10 matches (W7, D3), while Tunisia need a win against South Africa in their final group game to stand any chance of progressing through the tournament.

Group E
Flashscore

Flashscore Man of the Match: Lassine Sinayoko (Mali)

See all the match stats here.

Share this report on Facebook.
MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
Mali
Tunisia
African football
Related Articles
From elephants to scorpions: The nicknames of all 2023 AFCON participants
11.01.2024 20:06
Holders Senegal forced into double change just days before AFCON
09.01.2024 11:16
Belgian coach Hugo Broos hopes for 2017 repeat with South Africa at AFCON 2023
08.01.2024 18:00
Show more
Football
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
21 min ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
47 min ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
1 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
10 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
12 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
12 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
12 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
13 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
15 h ago
Nottingham Forest defence too good for Everton as they continue to defy expectations
15 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-mali-put-one-foot-in-afcon-knockouts-after-battling-to-draw-with-tunisia/jmoIbAxQ/ 
 ----- 
