SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When, How to Watch Tunisia Vs Mali

Coach Jalel Kadiri of Tunisia is banking on a strong comeback against Mali in the second round.

Abdellah ErrajiJan. 20, 2024 1:01 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Mali and Tunisia will lock horns at the AFCON today

Rabat - After losing during their first encounter, the North African team Tunisia will have a chance to redeem itself against the West African rival Mali on the second matchday of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON), hosted in Cote d’Ivoire.

This decisive game for Tunisia will take place at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium, with kick off being at 9:00 p.m. Moroccan Time.

The Sky Sports Football channel and the Sky Go application will broadcast the match live for fans.

The Tunisian Eagles of Carthage began its AFCON journey with an unfortunate 1-0 defeat against Namibia on January 16. However, Tunisian coach Jalel Kadiri is holding out hope for a successful comeback in the second round against Mali.

“We have two matches remaining and our reaction must be positive. God willing, we can get out of this situation we have put ourselves in,” Kadiri said during a pre-match press conference today, as cited by the Egyptian daily Ahram Online.

Meanwhile, the Malian Eagles have benefited from a first 2-0 win against South Africa, a result which is expected to be a good omen for such a successful debut.

Despite the victory, Mali’s coach Eric Chelle is still timidly optimistic, sharing after the match that his team are not the “favorites” to win the group just yet. “Yes, we got the victory but a lot can still happen,” he told the Confederation of African Football (CAF) on Tuesday.

Read also: Morocco’s Convincing Victory at AFCON Opener Gains International Media Praise

 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use of Smoke Bombs, Lasers
IFFHS Names Bouchra Karboubi 5th Best Female Referee in the World
Achraf Hakimi: ‘More Than Just a Right Back’
Morocco Maintains 14th Spot in FIFA’s December 2024 Rankings
UM6P Announces EVOSPORT Initiative to Boost Morocco’s Sports Development
Teen Sisters Bring Global Fitness Brand to Morocco with Anytime Fitness Franchise
Abedali Zahidi to Face Kickboxing Legend Marat Grigorian in ONE Championship
FIFA: Joint Morocco-Portugal-Spain Bid Exceeds World Cup Hosting Standards
Recent
Popular
Comments
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Former US President Jimmy Carter Dies At 100

New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360259/afcon-when-how-to-watch-tunisia-vs-mali 
 ----- 
