English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / Sri Lanka vs India 3rd T20I: Preview, Match Prediction, Win Possibility, and More

Sri Lanka vs India 3rd T20I: Preview, Match Prediction, Win Possibility, and More
India have an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match T20I series over Sri Lanka.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 29 Jul 2024 02:40 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: July 30, 2024
Time : 7:00 PM IST
Venue : Pallekele International Cricket Stadium, Pallekele
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

Sri Lanka will go up against India in the third T20I of the three-match series at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium in Pallekele. In the first two T20I matches, Sri Lanka stayed in the battle for long periods, only to suffer batting collapses, which led to the Indian cricket team ending up on the winning side. In the third T20I, India will have the option to test out their bench, while Sri Lanka will be looking to end the series on a high.

Also Read: Today Match Toss Prediction | Today Dream11 Prediction 

Toss Prediction




In their respective last four T20I matches, Sri Lanka have a 1-3 win-loss record at the toss, while it is 2-2 for India. With that, Suryakumar Yadav, the Indian captain, has a better chance of calling the toss right in comparison to Charith Asalanka, the captain of Sri Lanka.

Win Possibility




The likes of Yashasvi Jaiswal, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant, and Hardik Pandya have scored the bulk of the runs for India at a high tempo in the first two T20Is. Meanwhile, the likes of Arshdeep Singh, Axar Patel, Ravi Bishnoi, and Riyan Parag have taken the bulk of the wickets for India in the series thus far, playing a key role in their consecutive wins.

For Sri Lanka, the opening pair of Pathum Nissanka and Kusal Mendis have provided fantastic starts at the top of the order in the first two T20Is, but the rest of the batting lineup has failed to capitalise on it. In the bowling department, Matheesha Pathirana and Wanindu Hasaranga have taken the majority of the wickets for Sri Lanka, but the rest of their teammates haven’t contributed to the cause.

With that, India will be fancying their chances of winning their third consecutive T20I, complete a 3-0 clean sweep of Sri Lanka.

Predicted powerplay score and first innings score




The pitches at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium in Pallekele have been very good for batting in the first two T20I matches of the series, allowing the batters to score runs at a quicker pace. With that, any total under 170 will be tough to defend in the second innings for either Sri Lanka or India. Notably, the average first innings score is 170 at this venue in T20Is, while the first innings score in the upcoming match could range between 175-185. The powerplay score could go up to 50-55.

Match Odds


Match Odds

	

Sri Lanka

	

India




Winner of the match

	

3.50

	

1.41




Team to win the toss

	

1.90

	

1.90

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

IndiaSri LankaT20I cricket
LATEST NEWS

03 January 2025

On This Day: South Africa and India played shortest-ever Test in history in 2024

03 January 2025

Embrace the change: Lewis Hamilton’s first comment after joining Ferrari ahead of 2025 F1 season

03 January 2025

WATCH: Saim Ayub suffers twisted ankle during Cape Town Test; gets helped off the field

03 January 2025

WATCH: Viral video of Australian crowd making racist chants towards Indian fans during MCG Test last month

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/sri-lanka-vs-india-3rd-t20i-preview-match-prediction-toss-prediction-powerplay-score-win-possibility-and-more 
 ----- 
