Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'He's fun to watch': Herz stays in zone for 5 hitless frames vs. Bucs
Share
'He's fun to watch': Herz stays in zone for 5 hitless frames vs. Bucs
Lefty's fastball, changeup on point in twin-bill opener before being lifted with no-no intact
September 7th, 2024

Jake Crouse

@JakeCrouseMLB
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

PITTSBURGH -- DJ Herz has only gotten better as his rookie season has gone along, and his most recent start was the surest proof of that growth.

In the Nationals’ 5-3 win over the Pirates on Saturday afternoon in Game 1 of a split doubleheader at PNC Park, Herz held the Bucs without a hit through five innings, and then reliever Robert García carried that bid into the seventh before relinquishing a two-out single to Nick Gonzales.

• Vargas caps dramatic rally as Nats secure historic DH sweep

As has been the case throughout this season, Herz was unafraid to throw his four-seamer, pounding it for 57% of his offerings. The Pirates couldn’t pick up on it. Of the 24 swings he drew on his 50 four-seam fastballs, only two were put in play. Herz finished with five strikeouts to three walks on 87 pitches.

Herz’s final strikeout put it in perfect perspective, as he got Bryan De La Cruz to expand -- and look quite foolish -- for a swinging strike three on a four-seamer well into the other batter’s box. At 1.67 feet from the center of the plate, it is the second-farthest four-seamer out of the zone to induce a swing from a left-handed pitcher this season.

Related
Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

Q&A with DJ Herz: Football, pasta and more

October 10th, 2024

Herz done in by big inning in tough loss vs. Mets

September 19th, 2024

Herz pitches through, channels emotions of facing old organization

September 1st, 2024

“I don't know if we've seen a young pitcher like that vary the speeds of his fastball: 92, 94, 96, back to 92, went back up,” Pirates manager Derek Shelton said. “He did a nice job at the top of the zone, and we just did not adjust to it."

Herz gave a lot of credit to his changeup, which has been a difference-maker in his rise up the ranks since being an eighth-round Draft pick out of North Carolina prep ball in 2019.

“I thought the changeup, it was probably one of the better days it’s been all year,” Herz said. “I was really turning it over and I was throwing it for strikes a lot, and if not it was a competitive miss.”

In two of his past three starts, Herz has put aside his struggles beyond the third inning to finish strongly. He threw five innings with just one hit allowed on Aug. 25 in Atlanta, and after grinding through an emotional start against the Cubs on Aug. 31, he bounced back with the first hitless start of his career against the Pirates.

“I love DJ’s start days,” closer Kyle Finnegan said. “He’s fun to watch.”

Herz has had a taste of a no-hitter before. He started for the High-A Myrtle Beach Pelicans while in the Cubs’ system on June 23, 2021, against the Columbia Fireflies and keyed a combined no-hitter.

On paper, his effort then wasn’t too different from what he showed against the Pirates in Game 1: five innings, no hits, four walks and seven strikeouts.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

But Herz is a much more complete pitcher now vs. then, and the numbers are showing his continued progress at the MLB level.

First half: 5.17 ERA, 1.40 WHIP and .271 average against in 31 1/3 innings

Second half: 2.86 ERA, 1.09 WHIP and .177 average against in 44 innings

“I think it’s just going out there and pitching, knowing that you’ve got the stuff to do it,” Herz said. “Just stay in the zone. The in-zone whiff is there. Everything plays in the zone, so just staying in the zone is the big key.”

Herz is having his innings monitored closely this season. He hit 111 1/3 last season across Minor League ball and the Arizona Fall League, and he’s now sitting at 114 2/3 innings, the biggest workload in his career thus far. So when Herz was pulled at just 87 pitches with a no-hitter intact, there weren’t any hard feelings. At least, not yet.

“That day will come,” Herz said about being trusted to throw 100-plus pitches in the future. “There’s no need to rush it. It’ll come when it comes.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
DJ Herz

Jake Crouse is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dj-herz-five-no-hit-frames-against-pirates 
 ----- 
