MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jamal Murray and Russell Westbrook help the Nuggets rout the Clippers, 126-103
Updated Jan. 8, 2025 11:35 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DENVER (AP) — Jamal Murray had 21 points and nine assists, Russell Westbrook added 19 points and eight assists and the Denver Nuggets beat the Los Angeles Clippers 126-103 on Wednesday night in a matchup of short-handed teams.

Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard was not available after he flew back to Los Angeles before the game to help his family deal with the wildfires.

Nuggets center Nikola Jokic was out for the second straight game due to an illness. Denver is 2-3 without him this season.

Norman Powell scored 30 points to finish with a 27.6 average in the Clippers' four games against the Nuggets. James Harden had 16 points and Ivica Zubac added 10.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Denver took control with a 20-3 run in the first quarter and led 55-30 late in the second before Los Angeles cut it to 16 at halftime.

The Nuggets used another spurt midway through the third quarter to put it away.

Takeaways

Clippers: Powell came into the night hitting 85.2% percent of his free throws but missed 3 of 6 in the third quarter. The team missed 5 of 15 in the period.

Nuggets: Coach Michael Malone made a change from Tuesday night by starting DeAndre Jordan in Jokic’s place and bringing Dario Saric off the bench. Jordan finished with a season-high 12 points and tied his season high with nine rebounds.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key moment

Jordan had a big third quarter. He made two free throws, threw down two alley-oops and tipped in a feed from Westbrook that helped the lead grow from 16 to 27.

Key stat

The Nuggets improved to 8-0 on the second leg of back-to-backs. They are 2-6 in the first game of a set.

Up next

The Clippers return home to play Charlotte on Saturday night. The Nuggets host Brooklyn on Friday night.

___

AP NHL: https://www.apnews.com/hub/NHL

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Jamal Murray
Denver Nuggets
Russell Westbrook
LA Clippers
National Basketball Association
Dario Šaric
DeAndre Jordan
Ivica Zubac
James Harden
Norman Powell
Nikola Jokic
Kawhi Leonard
Russell Westbrook
Jamal Murray
Denver Nuggets
LA Clippers
NBA - LA Clippers vs. Denver Nuggets - 01/09/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jamal-murray-and-russell-westbrook-help-the-nuggets-rout-the-clippers-126103 
 ----- 
