We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Login or register
 MATCHES
 NEWS
 EXPLORE
 COMPETITIONS
 TEAMS
 PLAYERS
 TRANSFERS
 FIND MATCH
 TELEVISED
 FAVOURITES
LANGUAGES
 EN
 ES
 FR
 IT
 PT
Catar
Akram Afif
Asian Cup
Share
 
 
Hosts Qatar first team to reach Asian Cup last 16
BeSoccer
11 months ago
6k
|

Reading time: 2 minutes

Afif's goal gives Qatar victory over Tajikistan. AFP
Defending champions and hosts Qatar became the first team to book their place in the Asian Cup last 16 with a 1-0 win over debutants Tajikistan on Wednesday.
End
Group A. MD 2
Tajikistan
  0-1  
Qatar
17 JAN 2024

China's 0-0 draw with Lebanon earlier in the day means Qatar are guaranteed to go through to the knockout round as Group A winners. Livewire forward Akram Afif, who scored twice in Qatar's opening 3-0 victory over Lebanon, hit the winner early in the first half in front of 55,000 with another clinical finish. Tajikistan finished with 10 men after Amadoni Kamolov was sent off for kicking out at Ahmed Al-Ganehi's face late in the game, the first dismissal of the tournament.

Qatar were returning to the tent-like Al Bayt Stadium, where they lost 2-0 to Ecuador in the opening game of the World Cup just over a year ago. The 2019 Asian champions gave another solid performance, illuminated by a flash of brilliance from Afif. The forward raced onto a through ball from Almoez Ali in the 17th minute before stabbing it deftly past goalkeeper Rustam Yatimov.

Coach Tintin Marquez - only in the job since early December - made five changes to the starting lineup that faced Lebanon, dropping captain Hassan Al-Haydos to the bench. Tajikistan made a positive start and Rustam Soirov stung Qatar goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham's hands with an early shot from inside the box.

All that changed in the blink of an eye when Afif opened the scoring, but Qatar should have had more after dominating the rest of the first half. Tajikistan had a close shave when Manuchekhr Safarov appeared to take a swipe at Ali in the box midway through the first half, only for a VAR check to rule out a penalty for Qatar.

The Central Asians escaped again when Zoir Dzhuraboev cleared off the line from Ali after a goalkeeping blunder from Yatimov shortly before half-time. Tajikistan had a chance early in the second half when Alisher Dzhalilov prodded the ball past the onrushing Barsham, but the striker could not catch up in time to steer it into the net.

Kamolov was sent off in the 81st minute when he lashed out with his boot at Ganehi when going down under a challenge. Tajikistan drew 0-0 with China in their opening game for their first point ever at the Asian Cup. They still have a chance to qualify for the knockout round and face Lebanon on Monday. Qatar play China in their final group match the same day.

Mentioned in the news story
Catar
News
See page
A. Kamolov
News
See page
Akram Afif
News
See page
Asian Cup
News
See page
Tayikistán
News
See page
Copyright © 2014-2025 BeSoccer.com, Live Scores | Legal notices and Privacy
Play responsibly. 18+
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.besoccer.com/new/hosts-qatar-first-team-to-reach-asian-cup-last-16-1297863 
 ----- 
