HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Tajikistan vs Qatar: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 15, 2024 at 11:55 AM
Modified at :
January 15, 2024 at 11:55 AM

Waseem

0
0
A place in the AFC Asian Cup 2023 knockout stages is in sight for the defending champions Qatar.

Tajikistan will take on reigning Asian champions and host Qatar in the upcoming Group A clash at the 2023 AFC Asian Cup on 17 January 2024 at the Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar. The Maroons enter the fixture as favourites to win and secure their place in the Round of 16 as group winners. 

Tajikistan played a gritty goalless draw in their opening game of the tournament against China. However, the level of competition against the mighty Qatar will be at a much higher level. While the game plan would be to catch the Maroons by surprise and cause an upset, it’s going to be difficult to halt the juggernaut that is the Qatar men’s football team which is determined to achieve success in their quest to defend their crown. 

The game is expected to be an entertaining one as Qatar would go all out to secure a knockout stage berth and rest key players for the final group game. Here is what to expect from their clash against Tajikistan in the 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A fixture:

Kick-off

Wednesday, 17 January 2024, 5:00 PM IST (11:30 GMT) at the Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar.

Form

Tajikistan (all competitions): W-D-W-W-D

Qatar (all competitions): W-W-W-L-W

Player to Watch
Ekhson Pandzh­shanbe (Tajikistan)
Ekhson (#2) was Tajikistan’s best player against China. (Courtesy: AFC)

Tajikistan will hope that Ekhson Pandzh­shanbe can carry his form and sharpness from the game against China into the fixture against Qatar. The attacking winger took three shots on goal. His work ethic was marvellous as Pandzh­shanbe won all nine of his ground duels. He will be tasked with tracking back to help the defence and his industry will come in handy against Qatar out of possession.

Akram Afif (Qatar)
Akram Afif scored a brace against Lebanon in the AFC Asian Cup 2023 opener. (Courtesy: AFC)

Akram Afif scored two fantastic goals against Lebanon in the opening game of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. The attacking winger could have easily scored a hat-trick too on another day. He is bound to score more goals or provide scoring chances in the forthcoming matches thanks to his drive and hunger. His pace and directness caused a lot of problems to Lebanon and the same could be Tajikistan’s fate if their defenders allow him room to operate.

Match Facts
Tajikistan are undefeated in their last five matches.
Akram Afif has scored 27 goals for the Qatar national team.
Hassan Al-Haydos, Qatar’s skipper, has 131 national caps, the most in the history of the country.
Head-to-Head

Total Matches Played – 4

Tajikistan wins – 0

Qatar wins – 3

Draws – 1

Predicted Line-ups
Tajikistan (4-2-3-1)

Yatimov (GK), Safarov, Khanonov, Dzhuraboev, Nazarov, Shukurov, Umarbaev, Kamolov, Dzhalilov, Pandzhshanbe, Soirov

Qatar (3-5-2)

Barsham (GK), Miguel, Ali, Mendes, Haydos, Fathi, Hatem, Waad, Abdurisag, Afif, Ali

Match Prediction for Tajikistan vs Qatar

Judging by the performances of both teams in their respective opening matches, Qatar look like a more cohesive and well-oiled unit than Tajikistan. They are the favourites to win this clash.

Prediction: Tajikistan 1-4 Qatar

Telecast

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

Tajikistan – Varzishtv

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-tajikistan-vs-qatar-preview 
 ----- 
