The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Bulls' front office stuck in waiting game while Zach LaVine makes art
LaVine is playing the best basketball of his career, so why can’t the Bulls find a buyer for the $95 million left on his contract after this season? Well, the trade market has a pecking order, and LaVine still isn’t at the top.
By  Joe Cowley   Jan 11, 2025, 4:34pm UTC

Bulls guard Zach LaVine is playing at an elite level of basketball the last five games. So why won’t the trade market jump to grab him? Welcome to the NBA pecking order.

Michael Reaves/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

What Bulls guard Zach LaVine has been doing recently is as much artistic as it is athletic.

It perhaps has been his most impressive masterpiece since putting on a Bulls uniform for the first time in 2017.

In five games since the calendar flipped to 2025, LaVine is averaging an eye-opening 32.8 points on 60% shooting from the field, including 42.4% from three-point range.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Derrick Rose shows our city the resilience of Englewood
Guard Zach LaVine sets tone in Bulls' blowout victory against Wizards
How Bulls forward Matas Buzelis is handling dog days of NBA season
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
LATEST STORIES
Blackhawks' loss to Oilers puts them off-track in new segment-based approach
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
Andrew Pohlman's toughness sets the tone in Oswego East's win against crosstown rival Oswego
At least 1 person dead after Metra train strikes vehicle in Norwood Park
Man fatally shot during domestic argument in South Chicago
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, January 12, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am UTC
ENTERTAINMENT AND CULTURE
SOL Collective performers share power of music through personal stories
Storytelling group SOL Collective amplifies the voices and experiences of women of color. Its latest event, “Last Night a DJ Saved My Life,” took place Saturday at the Promontory in Hyde Park.
By Erica Thompson  Jan 12, 2025, 1:09am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Local college hoops roundup: No. 13 Illinois falls to USC at home
The upset snapped the Illini’s five-game winning streak. Elsewhere, Loyola and DePaul lost big, and UIC lost to Bradley in the final seconds.
By AP  Jan 11, 2025, 11:23pm UTC
CHICAGO
City tree recycling program opens, some sites offering free mulch
Chicago residents can drop off their live or natural trees at one of the city’s 27 locations starting Saturday until Jan. 25. All ornaments, lights or other decorations, as well as tree stands or plastic bags for transport must be removed before the tree is dropped off.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 11, 2025, 10:21pm UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
'I haven't coached anyone like her': Aubrey Galvan leads Loyola past Montini
“It’s so special to be on the court with a player like Aubrey,” said senior forward Grace Bronski, who had seven points and six rebounds. “I always tell her to snap before she throws me the ball because I never know what’s coming.
By Kyle Williams  Jan 11, 2025, 10:05pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2025/01/11/bulls-front-office-stuck-waiting-game-zach-lavine-makes-art 
 ----- 
