ADAM ISACSON Defense, security, borders, migration, and human rights in Latin America and the United States. May not reflect my employer’s consensus view.
  
 “About” pages, including e-mail list signup.
 Search the site—it’s slow, but it works.
 Read posts by category (the post’s type or format), by tag (the topic), or by the month I posted it. And link to the RSS feed.
 Week of December 16: I’m shutting down most comms and meetings to finish a big project in the last few days before the holidays. I will be buried in that and difficult to contact. After that, I'm off work until January 6.
 April 2024
April 30, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 30, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

In an April 28 phone conversation, U.S. President Joe Biden and Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador discussed joint action to keep border crossing numbers down. “The two leaders ordered their national security teams to work together to immediately implement concrete measures to significantly reduce irregular border crossings while protecting human rights,” read a joint statement.

The statement did not specify what these new measures might be, but an unnamed senior Biden administration official told the New York Times that possibilities included efforts “to prevent railways, buses and airports from being used for illegal border crossing and more flights taking migrants back to their home countries.”

The call took place at Biden’s request. An ongoing Mexican crackdown is a widely cited reason for a drop in irregular migration since January at the U.S.-Mexico border. However, Border Patrol chiefs’ weekly updates have noted increases in migration to San Diego and Tucson, and recent days saw large numbers of migrants arriving, mostly by train, in Ciudad Juárez across from El Paso.

“Joint Statement by the President of the United States Joe Biden and the President of Mexico Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador” (The White House, April 29, 2024).
Hamed Aleaziz, Michael D. Shear, “Biden and Mexico’s President Vow Combined Action on Illegal Immigration” (The New York Times, April 29, 2024).
Maria Verza, Seung Min Kim, “President Joe Biden, Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador Discuss Migration in Latest Call” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 29, 2024).
Rafael Bernal, “Biden, Mexican President Eye ‘Significantly’ Reducing Border Crossings” (The Hill, April 29, 2024).
Isabella Cota, Miguel Jimenez, “Biden and Lopez Obrador Agree to Take Measures to Tackle Migration on Us-Mexico Border” (El Pais (Spain), April 29, 2024).

A collaborative effort among several Latin American journalistic outlets documented migrant smugglers’ dangerous but widespread use of tractor-trailers as a key vector for moving people through Mexico to the U.S. border.

In Chiapas, Mexico’s southernmost state, an organization called the Cartel de Chamula, whose members are largely Indigenous Tzotzil people and which has been aligned with the Sinaloa Cartel, dominates migrant smuggling operations, the reporters found. Chiapas was the scene of a December 2021 tractor-trailer accident that killed 56 of about 200 migrants whom smugglers had stuffed into its container. The report found that endemic corruption at all levels of government enables the smugglers’ operation.

Angela Cantador, Ángeles Mariscal, Brenda Medina, Jody Garcia, Maria Teresa Ronderos, Ronny Rojas, “Crimen, Impunidad y Muerte Detras de la Migracion en Chiapas” (Chiapas paralelo, CLIP, ICIJ, Plaza Pública, Telemundo, ContraCorriente (Honduras), April 29, 2024).

The reporting project interviewed “Alberto,” a truck driver whom criminal groups have coerced into transporting migrants from Michoacán to Mexico’s northern border state of Tamaulipas, where the Gulf Cartel “is the one that transports migrants.” The migrants aboard pay steep fees—often about US$800—for their transport, which is facilitated by corrupt arrangements, including bribes to Mexican National Guardsmen and other officials.

The truck driver detailed how corrupt authorities allow his human cargo to pass through road checkpoints. The National Guard’s price, Alberto said, is “500 pesos per migrant” (about US$30) every time guardsmen stop the truck. If the National Migration Institute (INM) stops the truck because no payments were made in advance, Alberto added, the migration agents charge 1,000 pesos (US$60) per migrant.

Martha Olivia Lopez, “Testimonio de un Trailero: Como Es Traficar Migrantes a la Fuerza” (ContraCorriente (Honduras), April 29, 2024).

The Texas state government’s aggressive “secondary inspections” of cargo trucks entering El Paso have increased truckers’ wait times in Ciudad Juárez from the usual one hour to eight hours, costing the industry about $32 million per day. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) uses these “safety” checks, which force truckers to undergo double inspections at border crossings—first federal, then state—“to pressure U.S. and Mexican officials to prevent mass illegal migration,” Border Report noted. CBP is responding by increasing hours of operation at nearby ports of entry.

Julian Resendiz, “Texas Inspections Again Snarl Truck Traffic at Mexican Border” (Border Report, April 29, 2024).
Julian Resendiz, “Texas Truck Inspections Costing Border Industry $32 Million a Day, Juarez Official Says” (Border Report, April 29, 2024).

New UNHCR reports estimated that more than 166,000 irregular migrants crossed into southeastern Honduras from Nicaragua during the first three months of 2024. Only about 20 percent of migrants did not register with the Honduran government, which is a required step for boarding buses across the country. At least 148,000 exited Honduras into Guatemala during the first quarter.

The number of people transiting Honduras is greater than that of people transiting the Darién Gap because many migrants are flying into Nicaragua, which has loose visa requirements for many nationalities.

“Honduras – Mixed Movements South-Eastern Border Situation Report #6 – March 2024” (UN Refugee Agency, April 29, 2024).
“Honduras – Mixed Movements Western Border Situation Report #1 – March 2024” (UN Refugee Agency, April 29, 2024).

A joint statement following an April 29 U.S.-Brazil migration dialogue praised Brazil’s “Operation Welcome,” which has documented and integrated over 500,000 Venezuelan migrants since 2018.

“Joint Statement on United States – Brazil Bilateral Dialogue on Migration Policies, Humanitarian Issues, and Refugee Protection” (U.S. Department of State, April 29, 2024).

Following a mistrial last week after the jury could not agree on a verdict, prosecutors in Nogales, Arizona will not seek to retry George Alan Kelly, a rancher who fired his AK-47 at a group of migrants on his cattle ranch in January 2023, killing a 48-year-old Mexican man.

“Prosecutors Say They Will Not Retry George Alan Kelly, Arizona Rancher Accused of Murder Near the Us-Mexico Border” (CBS News, April 29, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

While migration and the border are top-tier issues for voters in the 2024 U.S. election campaign, “migration occupies a secondary place” on voters’ list of concerns ahead of Mexico’s June 2024 elections, columnist Olga Pellicer wrote at Mexico’s Proceso. As more migrants become stranded in Mexico, Pellicer noted, the danger of xenophobia rises, and the Mexican government’s lack of an institutional framework becomes more evident.

Olga Pellicer, “Elecciones y Migracion” (Proceso (Mexico), April 29, 2024).
April 29, 2024 —  0
Latin America-Related Events in Washington and Online This Week

(Events that I know of, anyway. All times are U.S. Eastern.)

Monday, April 29, 2024
11:00-12:00 at the Wilson Center and online: Report Launch | Crypto in Venezuela: Two Sides of a Coin (RSVP required).
2:00-3:00 at the Brookings Institution and online: Domestic deployment of the National Guard (RSVP required).
3:00-4:30 at wilsoncenter.org: Election Series | Discussing Mexico’s Second Presidential Debate (RSVP required).
Tuesday, April 30, 2024
10:00 at Room 2362-A Rayburn House Office Building: Hearing of the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee on Fiscal Year 2025 Request for Customs and Border Protection.
2:00 in Room 608 Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control on Chinese Money Laundering Organizations: Cleaning Cartel Cash.
Wednesday, May 1, 2024
1:00-2:30 at the Atlantic Council and atlanticcouncil.org: Homeland defense: Evolving capabilities for a new era (RSVP required).
Thursday, May 2, 2024
9:30 in Room SH-216 Hart Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee To Receive Testimony on Worldwide Threats.
11:00-12:00 at wilsoncenter.org: The Lithium Triangle: To Be or Not to Be Successful (RSVP required).
2:00-5:00 at CSIS and online: North American Economic Security in an Era of Geopolitical Uncertainty (RSVP required).
4:00-5:00 at atlanticcouncil.org: Beyond the ballot: Panama’s elections and economic outlook (RSVP required).
Friday, May 3, 2024
10:00-11:15 at wilsoncenter.org: Mexico Election Series | The Future of USMCA (RSVP required).
10:30-12:00 at the Inter-American Dialogue and online: Navigating Corruption: Implications for Venezuela’s Future (RSVP required).
April 29, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 29, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Over 1,000 migrants arrived in Ciudad Juárez atop train cars, despite Mexico’s months-long operations to block northbound migration. Many headed to the Rio Grande to seek to turn themselves in to Border Patrol to seek asylum, but Texas state authorities have blocked most of them on the riverbank.

“Miles de Migrantes Que Llegan en Tren a Mexicana Ciudad Juarez Deambulan por el Rio Bravo” (EFE, Efecto Cocuyo (Venezuela), April 26, 2024).

It is one of the largest mass arrivals of migrants at the border during a 2024 calendar year marked by a Mexican government crackdown that has made it more difficult for migrants to get across Mexico’s territory. “Some U.S. officials are attributing the surge to a concerted effort by transnational criminal organizations” in Mexico to move migrants northward, according to Border Report.

Julian Resendiz, “Border Patrol Says It’s Ready for New Migrant Surge in el Paso” (Border Report, April 25, 2024).

In response, Texas’s state National Guard has stocked up on less-lethal “pepperball” ammunition, while state police have stepped up “safety inspections” of cargo trucks crossing into El Paso. The state checkpoints begin shortly after trucks cross official ports of entry. This double inspection—federal, then state—is causing hours-long delays at border crossings into El Paso.

Jennie Taer, “Texas Authorities Armed With ‘Thousands’ of Pepperballs Instructed to Go Full Force Against Migrants Arriving by ‘the Beast’ Train to el Paso Border” (The New York Post, April 26, 2024).
Jesus Estrada, Ruben Villalpando, “La Jornada: Larga Espera en el Cruce de Juarez por Doble Revision a Camiones” (La Jornada (Mexico), April 28, 2024).

Migrants in Ciudad Juárez told EFE that they crossed to the U.S. side of the Rio Grande to ask U.S. authorities for asylum, but Texas state National Guard personnel aggressively pushed them back into Mexico.

The mostly Venezuelan migrants added that they fear Mexican organized crime more than Mexican migration authorities, but their fear of authorities mistreating them—or even handing them over to criminals—prevents them from asking for help.

“Migrantes Temen a Crimen Organizado Tras Matanza en Ciudad Juarez” (EFE, Milenio (Mexico), April 28, 2024).

Mexican authorities stopped a Ciudad Juárez-bound tractor trailer with 131 migrants inside. 108 were from Guatemala, 22 from Ecuador, and 1 was from El Salvador. Fourteen were unaccompanied children.

Julian Resendiz, “Mexico Stops Trailer With 131 Migrants South of Juarez” (Border Report, April 25, 2024).

Someone on the Mexico side of the U.S.-Mexico border fired a weapon at an agent near San Elizario, in eastern El Paso county, on April 25. CBP has reported no injuries or other information about the incident.

Fernie Ortiz, “El Paso Border Agent Involved in Use-of-Force Incident, Agency Says” (Border Report, April 26, 2024).
Aaron Martinez, “Suspect in Mexico Shot at Us Border Patrol Agent Near San Elizario” (The El Paso Times, April 25, 2024).

USA Today covered Mexican forces’ strategy, intensified so far in 2024, of busing migrants away from the U.S. border zone and into the country’s interior, often Mexico’s far south. This, analysts told reporter Lauren Villagrán, has done more than Texas’s state crackdown to reduce recent migration into Texas. The Mexican government is relying less on international deportation or long-term detention.

Lauren Villagran, “The Real Migrant Bus King of North America Isn’t the Texas Governor. It’s Mexico’s President.” (USA Today, April 28, 2024).

Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador said that he plans to meet with Guatemalan President Bernardo Arévalo at the end of May, probably near the two countries’ border. Migration will be among the topics of discussion between the outgoing Mexican president and the recently inaugurated Guatemalan leader.

“Presidentes de Mexico y Guatemala se Reuniran en la Frontera” (ACAN-EFE, Prensa Libre (Guatemala), April 28, 2024).

Guatemala’s Attorney General’s Office raided the Guatemala City offices of Save the Children, apparently looking for evidence of abuse of migrant children. Prosecutors “claimed Save the Children and a number of other non-governmental groups could ‘be participating in child trafficking operations,’” the Associated Press reported.

Save the Children stated that its staff have done nothing wrong, and noted that the prosecutor’s office has made no specific allegations.

Political motivations, with U.S. links, are a likely factor. The secretary general of the Attorney General’s Office issued a video, distributed by Fox News, calling on Texas state Attorney General Ken Paxton (R) to aid his investigation. Paxton recently sought legal action against Annunciation House, an El Paso migrant shelter, but was rebuffed by a state judge.

In Guatemala, the attorney general is a separate branch of government, not part of the executive branch headed by President Arévalo. The current attorney-general, Consuelo Porras, has aggressively sought to prosecute anti-corruption judicial operators and journalists, is a frequent hindrance to Arévalo, and faces strict U.S. sanctions for links to corruption and anti-democratic behavior.

Sonia Perez D., “Save the Children Disputes Abuse Allegations After Guatemalan Prosecutors Raid Offices” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 26, 2024).
Heidi Loarca Oliva, “Aliado del Mp Revela Intencion de Allanar Save the Children” (La Hora (Guatemala), April 26, 2024).
Cesar Perez Marroquin, “Feci Allana Oficinas de Save the Children por Caso de Abuso Contra Ninos” (Prensa Libre (Guatemala), April 25, 2024).
Alan Amaury, “Save the Children Niega Acusaciones de Trafico en Guatemala” (Milenio (Mexico), April 25, 2024).
“Mp de Guatemala @mpguatemala_en” (Twitter, April 25, 2024).

San Diego’s county supervisor said that Border Patrol agents in the border’s westernmost sector—rather suddenly the busiest part of the border—apprehended 2,000 people on April 23 alone. CBP has released more than 30,000 migrants onto the city’s streets since February, when a county-run reception center shut down for lack of funding.

Andrea Castillo, “San Diego Is Now the Top Border Region for Migrant Arrivals” (The Los Angeles Times, April 25, 2024).
Salvador Rivera, “San Diego Is the ‘Epicenter’ for Illegal Immigration, County Supervisor Says” (Border Report, April 26, 2024).
Lauren Irwin, “San Diego Official Says City Is ‘New Epicenter’ of Border Crisis” (The Hill, April 26, 2024).

In Colombia, a draft resolution appeared to indicate that the government was going to begin requiring Venezuelan citizens in the country to possess a passport. If that were to occur and Venezuelans faced such a barrier to documented status in Colombia, a U.S.-bound exodus through the Darién Gap would be likely. After an outcry, the Colombian government walked this back; President Gustavo Petro denied that a passport requirement was in the offing.

“Polemica por Pasaportes Venezolanos Reaviva el Debate Sobre la Politica Migratoria” (El Espectador (Colombia), April 26, 2024).

Legislation sponsored by Rep. Lou Correa (D-California) urges CBP to explore making greater use of artificial intelligence at the border.

Hanna Kang, “Bill Asks if Ai Could Strengthen Border Security” (Orange County Register, Government Technology, April 26, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

An update from UNHCR broke down, by country, the 1.157 million refugees, asylum seekers, and internally displaced people currently in Mexico and Central America. This is about double the figure from 2020.

“Forced Displacement in and From El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras | Jan 2024” (UN Refugee Agency, April 26, 2024).

An article from the Migration Policy Institute recalled that the pandemic-era Title 42 expulsions policy did not reduce migration at the U.S.-Mexico border.

Julian Montalvo, Kathleen Bush-Joseph, Muzaffar Chishti, “Title 42 Postmortem: U.S. Pandemic-Era Expulsions Policy Did Not Shut Down the Border” (Migration Policy Institute, April 25, 2024).

A report from the Center for Migration Studies calls for deep, long-term reforms to the U.S. immigration court system’s staffing and infrastructure, along with other reforms to the immigration system, to reduce the system’s backlog of more than 2.5 million cases. Because of that backlog, most asylum seekers released into the U.S. interior from the border can expect to remain in the immigration court system for years. A “BacklogPredictor” tool helps estimate future backlogs and resource needs based on different assumptions.

Brendan Kerwin, Donald Kerwin, “What Will It Take to Eliminate the Immigration Court Backlog? Assessing “Judge Team” Hiring Needs Based on Changed Conditions and the Need for Broader Reform” (Center for Migration Studies, April 29, 2024).

The New York Times reported on how portraying migration at the border as an “invasion,” which only recently was considered an extreme, marginal position, is now a staple of mainstream Republican politicians’ rhetoric.

Jazmine Ulloa, “Talk of an Immigrant ‘Invasion’ Grows in Republican Ads and Speech” (The New York Times, April 26, 2024).

The mistrial of George Kelly, an Arizona rancher who shot and killed a migrant on his property, is emblematic of the polarized, politicized, and complicated situation along the border today, explained an essay by Rachel Monroe at the New Yorker.

Rachel Monroe, “What George Kelly’s Mistrial Says About How We See the Border” (The New Yorker, April 25, 2024).

An Axios poll found half of U.S. respondents favoring mass deportations of undocumented migrants. On the other hand, 58 percent said they support expanding legal immigration pathways, and 46 percent favored protecting asylum seekers with “legitimate” cases.

Margaret Talev, Russell Contreras, “Exclusive Poll: America Warms to Mass Deportations” (Axios, April 25, 2024).

Texas state “border czar” Mike Banks, a former career Border Patrol agent, told USA Today, “Over the next five years … we’re going to continue building tactical infrastructure. We’re going to continue building border wall. Right now, our current pace is about one mile a week. We’re going to put up things like the border buoy barriers.”

Lauren Villagran, “Should Americans Be Worried About the Border? The First Texas Border Czar Says Yes.” (USA Today, April 25, 2024).
On the Right
Lewis M. Andrews, “Why Are the Charities Enabling Illegal Immigration Still Tax-Exempt?” (Children’s Educational Opportunity Foundation, The American Conservative, April 28, 2024).
Virginia Allen, “6 Reasons Why Chinese Nationals Are Illegally Crossing California’s Southern Border” (The Daily Signal, April 28, 2024).
April 26, 2024 —  0
Weekly U.S.-Mexico Border Update: April 26, 2024

With this series of weekly updates, WOLA seeks to cover the most important developments at the U.S.-Mexico border. See past weekly updates here.

Support ad-free, paywall-free Weekly Border Updates. Your donation to WOLA is crucial to sustain this effort. Please contribute now and support our work.

THIS WEEK IN BRIEF:
Mexican forces’ migration controls intensify

Mexican security and migration forces’ stepped-up operations to interdict migrants, especially in the northern border state of Chihuahua, have been suppressing the number of migrants arriving at the U.S.-Mexico border. However, these have come with human rights complaints, and reductions are unlikely to last long as large numbers of people continue to migrate across Mexico’s southern border.

Ukraine aid passes Congress without border provisions attached

The House of Representatives’ April 20 passage of a Ukraine-Israel-Taiwan aid bill formally ended Republican legislators’ monthslong effort to tie strict border and migration controls to any aid outlay. That effort had foundered after a negotiated deal in the Senate failed in February. House Republican leaders allowed consideration of a separate hardline border bill on April 20; it failed but attracted five votes from centrist Democrats.

Panama, Guatemala, and Mexico report migrant removals

Panama reported removing 864 migrants, much of them with U.S. assistance, since April 2023. Guatemala has expelled over 7,900 migrants from other countries into Honduras and El Salvador so far this year. And Mexico has deported over 7,500 Guatemalans back to their country since January.

DHS shares more detail about migrants’ nationalities

An upgrade to a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report includes a list of the top 100 nationalities of migrants whom Border Patrol has apprehended since 2014. The data reveal that the apprehended migrant population was 97 percent Mexican and Central American a decade ago, but only 52 percent Mexican and Central American today.

THE FULL UPDATE:
READ MORE
April 25, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 25, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

The chief of Border Patrol’s San Diego, California sector reported that agents there apprehended migrants 9,513 times over the seven days ending April 23. That is a 6 percent increase over the previous week and a 36 percent increase over two weeks prior. For the first time since the late 1990s, San Diego is almost certainly the busiest of Border Patrol’s nine U.S.-Mexico border sectors.

Volunteers providing humanitarian aid to asylum seekers waiting in open-air sites along the California border say that numbers are increasing there; donors are encouraged to contribute needed items on an Amazon wishlist.

“Chief Patrol Agent Patricia D. Mcgurk-Daniel @Usbpchiefsdc on Twitter” (Twitter, April 24, 2024).

Five centrist Democrats who had voted last Saturday for a very strict Republican-led border bill issued a statement yesterday doubling down on their position. The Democrats called on President Biden to reinstate the “Remain in Mexico” policy and to begin Title 42-style expulsions of asylum seekers, while full-throatedly endorsing the Border Patrol union’s hardline stance on border security.

Andrew Solender, “Centrist Democrats Want to Refocus on Border Security” (Axios, April 24, 2024).
“Andrew Solender @AndrewSolender on Twitter“ (Twitter, April 24, 2024).

In Mexico’s northern border state of Chihuahua, national guardsmen detained 150 Central American migrants who were staying in a hotel in the state capital. In Ciudad Juárez—Chihuahua’s largest city, across from El Paso—guardsmen, immigration agents, and municipal police carried out an operation to prevent 400 migrants who had arrived atop a cargo train from reaching the borderline.

Julian Resendiz, “Hundreds of Migrants on Trains Arrive at el Paso-Juarez Border” (Border Report, April 24, 2024).
Jesus Estrada, “Detienen en Chihuahua a 150 Centroamericanos” (La Jornada (Mexico), April 24, 2024).

The Biden administration has paused court-ordered remediation of environmental damage caused by Trump-era border wall construction, citing litigation in a separate case involving the state of Texas. The Sierra Club, Southern Border Communities Coalition, and ACLU announced yesterday that they are seeking to intervene in the Texas case in order to restart remediation projects.

“Sierra Club, Southern Border Communities Coalition, and Aclu Act to Protect Border Wall Remediation Settlement Amid Texas Court Decision” (Southern Border Communities Coalition, April 24, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

The National Immigration Forum and other centrist groups (Niskanen Center, Hispanic Leadership Fund, Mormon Women for Ethical Government, State Business Executives, Association of Equipment Manufacturers, Border Perspective) published a proposed “border security and management framework” document. It calls for creating a corps of asylum officers to adjudicate most protection claims at the border in less than two months, along with increased resources for U.S. border security agencies and drug interdiction technologies.

“Coalition Border Security & Management Framework” (National Immigration Forum, April 24, 2024).
Sandra Sanchez, “Groups Release ‘Pragmatic’ Proposal for Border Security Framework Plan” (Border Report, April 24, 2024).

CalMatters reported on lengthening wait times at the San Ysidro port of entry south of San Diego, amid increased cross-border traffic and longstanding CBP Field Operations staffing and infrastructure deficiencies.

Wendy Fry, “Long Border Waits” (CalMatters, LAist, April 24, 2024).

Wait times for cargo at the busy commercial port of entry in Laredo, Texas have also been worsening, though Mexican government software glitches seem to be much of the cause.

Sandra Sanchez, “Laredo Officials Vow to Better Tame Truck Backlog on Border Roadways” (Border Report, April 24, 2024).
On the Right
John Binder, “Joe Biden’s Latest Billions for Ukraine Could Build Entire U.S. Border Wall” (Breitbart, April 24, 2024).
Jordan Boyd, “Biden’s Trafficking Czar Ignores Human Trafficking on U.S. Border” (The Federalist, April 24, 2024).
April 24, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 24, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Mexican migration agents pulled 400 migrants off of a cargo train in rural Chihuahua, Mexico, leaving them stranded in the desert, the human rights organization Derechos Humanos Integrales en Acción (DHIA) denounced. The group included 150 children and 7 pregnant women. Mexico’s National Migration Institute (INM) stepped up its operations in Chihuahua, the northern border state that includes Ciudad Juárez, at the beginning of April.

Veronica Martinez, “Frena Inm Tren Con Migrantes en Desierto de Samalayuca, Deja a las Personas Sin Agua y Alimentos” (La Verdad (Ciudad Juarez Mexico), April 23, 2024).
“DHIA, A.C. @DhiaAc on Twitter“ (Twitter, April 22, 2024).

Asylum seekers who do arrive in Ciudad Juárez are now seeking to turn themselves in to Border Patrol agents at Gate 40 along the El Paso border wall on the bank of the Rio Grande. This is east of Gate 36, where Texas state police and National Guard have set up a large presence, with several coils of razor wire, to prevent asylum seekers from approaching federal authorities.

Blanca Elizabeth Carmona, “Migrantes Llegan a Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua” (Milenio (Mexico), April 23, 2024).

A group of 141 migrants who had breached the Texas state barrier in El Paso on March 21 were indicted yesterday on misdemeanor rioting charges. The Texas state grand jury’s ruling came one day after a county judge had thrown out the charges, finding insufficient probable cause. The March 21 incident, showing migrants pushing past guardsmen to reach the border wall and Border Patrol agents, was caught on video and circulated widely on social media.

“Migrants Indicted in Texas Over Alleged Border Breach After Judge Dismissed Charges” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 23, 2024).
Julian Resendiz, Tirza Ortiz, “Judge Finds No Probable Cause to Hold Migrants in County Jail on State Riot Charges” (Border Report, April 23, 2024).

El Paso’s police have applied for a $2.8 million state grant to help it combat the Venezuelan-originated “Tren de Aragua” criminal organization. “We haven’t had contact with that gang (in criminal cases), but that’s not to say they are not here in El Paso,” a police spokesman told the El Paso Times.

Daniel Borunda, “Tren de Aragua: Venezuelan Gang Raises Concerns on el Paso, Juarez Border” (The El Paso Times, April 23, 2024).

So far this calendar year, Mexican authorities have deported 5,689 Guatemalan citizens by land and another 1,831 by air. U.S. authorities returned 22,887 Guatemalans.

Cesar Perez Marroquin, “Calor Sofoca a Arizona y Migrantes Guatemaltecos Corren Riesgo de Muerte” (Prensa Libre (Guatemala), April 23, 2024).

A group of relatives of missing Central American migrants traveled to Tijuana to search for them. “It took more or less a year for them to add his file as a case for search in Mexico, because the communication from my country did not go through,” said the wife of a Guatemalan man whom she last heard from in Sonora in 2021.

Khennia Reyes, “Buscan a Migrantes Centroamericanos Desaparecidos” (El Imparcial (Tijuana Mexico), April 23, 2024).

The International Committee of the Red Cross said it met with Mexico’s National Search Commission to seek improved exchange of forensic information about migrants who have gone missing in Mexico and Central America, especially fingerprints.

“Cicr Urge a la Coordinacion Regional Atender Desaparicion de Migrantes” (Milenio (Mexico), April 23, 2024).

The Biden administration released the 771-page text of a final rule to govern the treatment of unaccompanied migrant children in the custody of the Office of Refugee Resettlement.

“Kathleen Bush-Joseph @kathleenbushjo2 on Twitter” (Twitter, April 23, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

A new data report from TRAC Immigration notes that U.S. immigration judges are ordering 50 percent more deportations now than in 2019, the peak year of the Trump administration. In the first half of fiscal year 2024, judges ordered 136,623 immigrants deported.

In 2019, 32 percent of migrants appearing in immigration court had attorneys; that has dropped to 15 percent this year.

38 percent of 2024’s rulings were asylum cases. Of those instances, only 21 percent were ordered removed; the rest received asylum or some other status allowing them to remain in the United States.

“Top Places With the Most Immigrants Recently Ordered Deported” (TRAC Immigration, April 23, 2024).

An explainer from the National Immigration Forum dug into existing efforts and pending proposals to have USCIS asylum officers—not immigration judges—adjudicate more asylum cases for migrants who arrive at the border.

Adjudication by Uscis Asylum Officers: Explainer (National Immigration Forum, Monday, April 22, 2024).

The Border Chronicle’s Melissa del Bosque interviewed Zachary Mueller of America’s Voice about the controversial and possibly illegal activities of “Border 911,” a pro-Trump group whose members include former top officials of Border Patrol, CBP, and ICE.

Melissa del Bosque, “Border 911 and the Cruelty and Chaos Agenda” (The Border Chronicle, April 23, 2024).
April 23, 2024 —  0
Email Update is Out

Here’s a new “weekly” e-mail about stuff I’ve been working on, for those who’ve signed up to receive them.

There’s a Weekly Border Update, an analysis of why migration is unexpectedly declining at the U.S.-Mexico border so far this year, a look at the link between cocaine trafficking and violence in Ecuador, and a podcast about international drug policy. Also, links to some really good readings, and to 11 Latin America-related events that I know of in Washington or online this week.

If you visit this site a lot, you probably don’t need an e-mail, too. But if you’d like to get more-or-less regular e-mail updates, scroll to the bottom of this page or click here.

April 23, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 23, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Panama’s government posted statistics showing that 110,008 people migrated through the Darién Gap during the first 3 months of 2024. That is 26 percent more migration than Panama measured during the first 3 months of 2023, a year in which 520,085 people ended up traveling through the Darién Gap.

22 percent of this year’s migrants were children. Of the adult population, 36 percent were women. 64 percent of this year’s total have been citizens of Venezuela, followed by Ecuador (8%), Haiti (7%), Colombia (6%), and China (6%).

The pace of migration has been unusually steady, averaging 1,161 migrants per day in January, 1,282 in February, and 1,188 in March. Last year, migration in the Darién jumped 55 percent from February to March.

“Tránsito Irregular por Darién 2024“ (Panamá Migración, April 2024).

Between January 1 and April 16, Guatemalan authorities expelled 7,735 mostly U.S.-bound migrants into Honduras and 177 into El Salvador. In this respect, the new government of Bernardo Arévalo has made no changes to its predecessors’ approach to in-transit migration. Of this year’s expulsions, 77 percent have been citizens of Venezuela. Other frequently expelled nationalities include Colombia (9%), Ecuador (6%), and Haiti (2%). Guatemala’s expulsions included 44 citizens of China and 18 citizens of Turkey.

Yesica Pena, “Migracion Ha Rechazado a Mas de 7,900 Extranjeros por Ingresar al Pais de Manera Irregular” (La Hora (Guatemala), April 22, 2024).

Some of the migrants whom Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis (R) paid to have flown to Martha’s Vineyard, Massachusetts in September 2022 have been granted “U” visas, a status for victims of crimes that are currently being investigated or prosecuted, the Miami Herald reported. A U.S. district judge in Massachusetts also found recently that the private contractor Florida hired to run the flight, Vertol Systems, may have “participated in a scheme to recruit vulnerable individuals through deceit so they could unwillingly and publicly be used as a prop in an extremely divisive national debate,”

Ana Ceballos, “Some Migrants Flown by Desantis to Martha’s Vineyard Qualify for Victim Visas, Feds Say” (The Miami Herald, April 22, 2024).

Eight dead bodies abandoned along a highway near Chihuahua, the capital of Mexico’s northern border state of the same name, may be related to turf battles between migrant smuggling organizations in the area, Border Report reported.

Julian Resendiz, “8 Dead in Fight for Control of Migrant Smuggling” (Border Report, April 22, 2024).

“Of Costa Rica’s 5.2 million inhabitants, one million are relatively recent migrants. Twenty percent of births are to Nicaraguan mothers and 20 percent of prisoners are of Nicaraguan origin,” said Costa Rica’s foreign minister, Arnoldo André Tinoco.

“Canciller de Costa Rica: Con Nicaragua Tenemos “Magnifica” Relacion de Frontera Pero No en Derechos Humanos” (EFE, Confidencial (Nicaragua), April 22, 2024).

The independent Nicaraguan outlet Nicaragua Investiga reported on the two years of red tape and indifference that a family suffered as it tried to repatriate from Texas the remains of a young man who died of drowning in the Rio Grande in May 2022.

“Familia Lucho Casi Dos Anos para Repatriar Cuerpo de Nicaraguense Fallecido en el Rio Bravo” (Nicaragua Investiga, April 22, 2024).

The jury was unable to agree on a verdict in the trial of Arizona rancher George Alan Kelly, who allegedly shot and killed Mexican migrant Gabriel Cuen-Buitimea on his property in January 2023. The judge in the case declared a mistrial.

Anita Snow, “Arizona Judge Declares Mistrial in the Case of a Rancher Accused of Fatally Shooting a Migrant” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 22, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

Speaking to analysts about migration patterns, a National Public Radio piece concluded that Mexico’s ongoing efforts to block migration will not reduce arrivals at the U.S. border for long, as flows into Mexico from the south remain robust.

Sergio Martinez-Beltran, “Despite a Fortified Border, Migrants Will Keep Coming, Analysts Agree. Here’s Why.” (National Public Radio, April 22, 2024).

In a third in-depth report about U.S.-bound migration published in the past 10 days, the Honduran digital outlet ContraCorriente reported on the increasing diversity of nationalities of migrants taking the very risky journey through Mexico atop the “La Bestia” cargo train.

Bryan Avelar, “Caminar Con la Mordida de ‘la Bestia’” (ContraCorriente (Honduras), April 22, 2024).

“The notion that there is a crisis caused by the border is fallacious,” economist James Gerber, author of the new book Border Economies: Cities Bridging the U.S.-Mexico Divide, told Sandra Dibble at Voice of San Diego. “There is a crisis in U.S. immigration policy, that’s the crisis. People are going to migrate and they’re going to migrate in bigger numbers over time because of the climate crisis. This is something that we need to learn how to manage better.”

Sandra Dibble, “Border Report: The Tale of Twin Cities and Their Economies” (Voice of San Diego, April 22, 2024).

Even immigration restrictionist groups avoid using the term “invasion” to describe migration—as many Republican politicians are doing—because it is “inaccurate and incendiary,” reported Rafael Bernal at The Hill.

Rafael Bernal, “Even Immigration Restrictionists Stay Away From Gop’s ‘Invasion’ Rhetoric” (The Hill, April 23, 2024).

“When we encounter someone fleeing starvation, political repression and threats to their life and liberty, we should see ourselves in them,” wrote Shmuly Yanklowitz, a rabbi who often works at the border in Arizona, in a Passover reflection published by the Chicago Tribune.

Shmuly Yanklowitz, “The Border Crisis Demands Our Humanity. Passover Reminds Us How.” (The Chicago Tribune, April 23, 2024).
April 23, 2024 —  0
The Border Crisis Demands Our Humanity. Passover Reminds Us How.

Good stuff here, from a Chicago Tribune column by a rabbi who often works at the border in Arizona.

The central reason of the Passover night is summarized right in the middle of the Seder, the ritual meal: “In each and every generation, a person is obligated to see themselves as if they left Egypt.” There are two key messages embedded in this obligation.

The first is empathy for the oppressed. We are instructed over and over again in the Bible to care for the stranger, the widow, the orphan and the downtrodden “because you were a slave in Egypt.” When we encounter someone fleeing starvation, political repression and threats to their life and liberty, we should see ourselves in them. They are not a threatening, enemy “other,” because they are us. We know what it is like to need support, care and compassion, to need to be trusted though we are strangers. And so we will offer our support, care and compassion to those who need it now, and we will open our hearts with trust.

But there is another message. We are not only obligated to see ourselves as if we were slaves in Egypt; we also are obligated to see ourselves with the knowledge that we left Egypt. Whatever misfortunes we live with, we must know that we are free. We have power. When we see ourselves as downtrodden and powerless, we react to outsiders as a threat and justify any hostility on our part as self-defense.

See Also:

Hitting bottom
This Is a Tragedy, and the State of Texas Bears Responsibility
From WOLA: Dismantling Legal Migration Pathways Won’t Secure the Border
One Out of Four Is a Lot
This Border Proposal Could Send Us Back to the 1930s—and Some of it Might Pass
April 22, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 22, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Congressional Republicans’ effort to attach hardline border measures to Ukraine aid legislation formally ended on Saturday, when the House of Representatives approved a Ukraine and Israel aid bill with no border or migration content.

The GOP demand, issued last fall, spurred a months-long Senate negotiation process, yielding a deal that would have changed the law to, among other provisions, halt asylum access at the border when migration reached certain levels. That deal failed when Republican senators rejected it in early February.

In a gesture to border hardliners, House Republican leadership allowed a separate bill to come to a vote on Saturday that would have effectively shut down the right to seek asylum at the border. H.R. 3602, the “End the Border Catastrophe Act,” included most of the provisions of H.R. 2, a strict bill that the House passed in May 2023 without a single Democratic vote. Because it was rushed to the floor in suspension of the House’s rules, H.R. 3602 failed by a 215-199 vote on Saturday. Unlike H.R. 2, though, it got 5 Democratic “yes” votes.

Jon Michael Raasch, “House Border Security Measure Spectacularly Fails, Democrats Tank Vote” (The Daily Mail (UK), April 20, 2024).

Border Patrol’s San Diego, California Sector experienced a weekly jump in migrant apprehensions and now firmly leads the Tucson, Arizona Sector as the apparent busiest region of the U.S.-Mexico border. While both sectors saw increases last week, San Diego reported 8,959 apprehensions during April 10-16 (28 percent more than the previous week) and Tucson reported 7,500 during April 12-18 (12 percent more than the previous week).

Jeanette Quezada, “Large Group of Migrants, Including Children, Cross Us-Mexico Border Near San Ysidro” (NBC San Diego, April 19, 2024).
“Chief Patrol Agent Patricia D. McGurk-Daniel @USBPChiefSDC on Twitter” (Twitter, April 17, 2024).
“John R. Modlin @USBPChiefTCA on Twitter” (Twitter, April 19, 2024).

An Albuquerque Journal report from New Mexico’s Cibola County Correctional Center noted an increase in the number of Venezuelan migrants being deported from the Center into Mexico.

Austin Fisher, “Venezuelan Refugees Detained in Nm Fearful of More Deportations to Mexico” (The Albuquerque Journal, April 19, 2024).

Edixon Del Jesus Farias-Farias, a 26-year-old citizen of Venezuela and a detainee in an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention facility in Conroe, Texas, died on April 18. “An autopsy is pending to determine the official cause of death,” reads an ICE release.

“Venezuelan National Passes Away in Ice Custody” (Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), April 19, 2024).

Though licensed cannabis is now legal in New Mexico, Border Patrol continues to seize the drug, which remains illegal on the federal level, at the agency’s interior checkpoints in the state, the Associated Press reported. This “prompted a discussion this week” between Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham and Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.

Morgan Lee, “Cannabis Seizures at Checkpoints by Us-Mexico Border Frustrate State-Authorized Pot Industry” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 19, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

A greater share of this year’s reduced population of migrants is coming to the border in states west of Texas. The Texas Tribune examined Gov. Greg Abbott’s (R) claims that his state government’s hardline border policies are causing the westward shift, concluding that the reasons “are much more complicated” and that the trend is probably temporary.

Naomi Choy Smith, Sumi Somaskanda, “Us Migrant Crisis Shifts From Texas to California Border” (BBC (UK), April 21, 2024).
Alejandro Serrano, “Migrant Apprehensions Are Down at the Texas Border. Have State Policies Had an Impact?” (The Texas Tribune, April 22, 2024).

Gov. Abbott’s office reported busing 112,700 migrants to Democratic-governed cities since April 2022.

“Operation Lone Star Combats Drug, Human Smuggling Across Border” (Texas Governor’s Office, April 19, 2024).

A significant cause of the border-wide decline is the Mexican government’s 2024 crackdown on migration transiting the country. However, “uneven enforcement and widespread corruption” ensure that Mexico rarely “blocks” migrants: its actions “make migrants’ journey north riskier, costlier, and slower,” Christine Murray reported at the Financial Times.

Christine Murray, “How Mexico’s ‘Kabuki Pantomime’ Fails to Stop Us-Bound Migrants” (Financial Times (UK), April 21, 2024).

Despite rhetoric about terrorists potentially crossing the U.S.-Mexico border, “since 1975, the annual likelihood of an American being murdered in a foreigner-committed terrorist attack is about one in 4.5 million,” recalled the Cato Institute’s Alex Nowrasteh.

Alex Nowrasteh, “The Manufactured Crisis of Migrant Terrorists at the Border” (Cato Institute, Reason, April 19, 2024).

Ecuadorian migrants transiting Mexico who spoke to Agénce France Presse said that they were nervous about identifying themselves to Mexican authorities as citizens of Ecuador, two weeks after Ecuador’s government raided the Mexican embassy in Quito, triggering a breakdown in diplomatic relations.

“Migrantes Temen Que Ruptura de Relaciones Complique su Camino a Eu” (Agence France Presse, Milenio (Mexico), April 19, 2024).

While most of the thousands of migrants per week transiting Honduras pass through the country quickly, some need to stay and seek temporary work, medical assistance, and shelter, the Honduran online outlet ContraCorriente reported. While some formal shelters and humanitarian aid exist, many migrants rely on informal shelters provided by local citizens or stay in rented rooms in private homes.

Daniel Fonseca, “Un Lugar para Refugiarse en el Camino” (ContraCorriente (Honduras), April 19, 2024).

“The next administration in Mexico will inherit an incomplete and deficient action plan to deal with migration” from Central America, wrote Brenda Estefan of IPADE Business School at Americas Quarterly, calling for a renewed and more collaborative focus on “root causes” of migration after President Andrés Manuel López Obrador leaves office at the end of the year.

Brenda Estefan, “Mexico Needs a New Strategy for the Northern Triangle” (IPADE Business School, Americas Quarterly, April 22, 2024).

Rep. Susan Wild (D-Pennsylvania) penned a column endorsing the Dignity Act, a bipartisan bill that includes border and migration provisions that reflect some priorities of border hardliners and some priorities of migrant rights defenders.

Rep. Susan Wild (D-Pennsylvania), “It’s Time to Do Something About the Southern Border” (The Morning Call, April 20, 2024).
On the Right
Adam Shaw, “Border State Lawmaker Sounds Alarm on Bloodthirsty Venezuelan Gang Entering Us: ‘They Have No Rules’” (Fox News, April 19, 2024).
April 21, 2024 —  0
Latin America-Related Events in Washington and Online This Week

(Events that I know of, anyway. All times are U.S. Eastern.)

Monday, April 22, 2024
1:00-5:00 at George Washington University: Strengthening Ties: A Reflection On 200 Years of U.S.-Brazil Relations (RSVP required).
Tuesday, April 23, 2024
11:00-12:30 at Wilson Center Zoom: Mexico Election Series | Challenges and Opportunities in the Implementation of Health Policies 2024-2030 (RSVP required).
12:00 at CISAN UNAM YouTube: La crisis del fentanilo en América del Norte: perspectivas regionales y globales.
Wednesday, April 24, 2024
12:00-1:00 at Georgetown University: Latin America Research Seminar: “Bridging Fiction and Politics : Juan Egaña’s “Cartas Pehuenches” and Nation-Building in 19th-century Chile”.
Thursday, April 25, 2024
10:00 at MPI Zoom: Mapping Global Human Mobility in an Increasingly Complex World (RSVP required).
11:00 at Canning House Zoom: Opinion In Focus (RSVP required).
11:00-12:30 at Wilson Center Zoom: Mexico Election Series | Foreign Policy for the Future: Opportunities and Challenges (RSVP required).
1:00 at worldrelief.org: What Can Christians Do About the Border Crisis? (RSVP required).
1:00-2:30 at the Wilson Center and online: RAFDI Working Group Report Launch | US Leadership Matters in Addressing Forced Displacement Crisis (RSVP required).
2:30-3:30 at the Inter-American Dialogue: Security Challenges in Ecuador – A Conversation with Interior Minister Mónica Palencia (RSVP required).
Friday, April 26, 2024
11:15-12:30 at Wilson Center Zoom: Climate Resilience and Democratic Governance in Central America’s Northern Triangle (RSVP required).
April 19, 2024 —  0
New at WOLA: “Why Is Migration Declining at the U.S.-Mexico Border in Early 2024?”

Here’s an analysis we published yesterday about this year’s unusual springtime decline in the number of migrants making it to the U.S.-Mexico border. As migration levels drop to some of the lowest of the Biden administration, this piece notes that:

Texas’s “Operation Lone Star” doesn’t explain it.
The main factor appears to be Mexico’s government bottling people up, even as large numbers continue arriving in the country’s south.
“Shutting down” asylum, as President Biden is considering trying to do by executive order, could bring numbers down in the short term but—as we saw with Title 42—won’t have a lasting effect.
Crackdowns will always fail. The way to a solution runs through overhauling the creaky U.S. asylum system.

Read the whole thing here.

April 19, 2024 —  0
Weekly U.S.-Mexico Border Update: April 19, 2024

With this series of weekly updates, WOLA seeks to cover the most important developments at the U.S.-Mexico border. See past weekly updates here.

Support ad-free, paywall-free Weekly Border Updates. Your donation to WOLA is crucial to sustain this effort. Please contribute now and support our work.

THIS WEEK IN BRIEF:
CBP releases March migration data

Customs and Border Protection (CBP) revealed in an April 12 data release that migration at the border declined from February to March for only the second time this century. The drop owes largely to the Mexican government’s stepped-up efforts to interdict migrants so far this year. San Diego may be surpassing Tucson as migrants’ number-one destination along the border.

Mayorkas impeachment thwarted, House considers another hard-line bill

On a party-line vote, the Democratic-majority U.S. Senate dismissed impeachment charges that the House’s Republican majority brought against Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. The Republicans had alleged that Mayorkas’s management of the border and migration merited the first impeachment of a cabinet secretary since 1876. The House may meanwhile consider a hardline border and migration bill, echoing provisions in H.R. 2, in coming days.

Leading Panama candidate vows to “close” the Darién Gap

José Raúl Mulino, a conservative populist leading polls for Panama’s May presidential election, is promising to “close” the Darién Gap and repatriate migrants. This week a UNHCR survey (with a small sample), found one in five Darién migrants intending to settle somewhere other than the United States.

A Guardsman fires his weapon, again, in El Paso

An Indiana National Guardsman serving under the Texas state government’s “Operation Lone Star” fired his weapon at an individual in El Paso who allegedly stabbed two people on the U.S. side of the Rio Grande riverbank. It was the third known event since January 2023 in which a National Guardsman working under Texas state authority has fired a weapon at, or in the presence of, migrants at the border.

THE FULL UPDATE:
READ MORE
April 19, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 19, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) yesterday returned a planeload of 52 Haitian citizens to their country, even though governance has collapsed and violence is rampant there. The plane landed in the northern city of Cap-Haïtien because the airport in the capital, Port-au-Prince, is too unsafe.

During the first six months of fiscal 2024, Haiti was the number-fifteen nationality of migrants who crossed the U.S.-Mexico border between ports of entry, well behind even China, India, and Turkey. 97 percent of Haitians seeking protection at the border in 2024 have instead reported to ports of entry, in nearly all cases using the CBP One smartphone app.

“Just where are these deportees supposed to go?” William O’Neill, the UN independent human rights expert on Haiti, asked the Miami Herald. “I would just ask the United States and all countries to halt immediately all deportations to a country that cannot guarantee anyone’s security, where 1.5 million people are facing famine and where embassies are evacuating most of their personnel.”

In March, a letter from 481 organizations (including WOLA) had urged the Biden administration to suspend deportation flights to Haiti.

Jacqueline Charles, “Biden Administration Resumes Deportation Flights to Haiti Amid Ongoing Violence” (The Miami Herald, April 18, 2024).
Hamed Aleaziz, “U.S. Restarts Deportation Flights to Haiti” (The New York Times, April 18, 2024).
Gloria Oladipo, Luke Taylor, “Us Resumes Deportation Flights to Haiti Despite Continuing Bloodshed” (The Guardian (Uk), April 18, 2024).
Jillian Kestler-D’amours, “‘Unconscionable’: Us Sends Dozens to Haiti on Deportation Flight” (Al Jazeera, April 18, 2024).

Doctors Without Borders (MSF) alerted that its personnel in Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras saw more cases of sexual violence against migrants during the first quarter of 2024 (over 250) than they did in all of 2023 (232). Most cases occurred in Mexico’s organized crime-influenced U.S. border state of Tamaulipas.

MSF reported in March that it had counted 676 cases of sexual violence in the Darién Gap in 2023, and another 120 in January 2024. Shortly afterward, Panama’s government suspended the organization’s operations in the country.

Enric Sitja Rusinol, “Msf Mexico Reporta Mas Violencia Sexual Hacia Migrantes en 2024” (EFE, EFE, April 18, 2024).

Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Communications Luis Miranda said that the average wait for a CBP One appointment right now is about 10 weeks. This contrasts with recent reports of appointments routinely taking six or even eight months at some border crossings.

Arturo Sanchez Jimenez, “Conseguir una Cita Con Cbp One Tarda unas 10 Semanas, Asegura Funcionario de Eu” (La Jornada (Mexico), April 18, 2024).

“I am concerned that hate, bigotry and xenophobia are clouding our potential to prosper together,” Mexico’s foreign minister, Alicia Bárcena, wrote in a Dallas Morning News column directed at Texas state authorities. Bárcena is currently visiting Texas border cities.

Alicia Barcena, “Mexico’s Foreign Affairs Secretary: State Law Jeopardizes Cooperation With Texas” (The Dallas Morning News, April 18, 2024).
“Mi Prioridad Es Proteger y Empoderar a la Comunidad Mexicana en Texas: Alicia Barcena” (Secretaria de Relaciones Exteriores (Mexico), April 18, 2024).

Interviewed by CBS News, Cuba’s deputy foreign minister said that his government would be willing to accept more than the current tempo of one U.S. deportation flight per month.

Camilo Montoya-Galvez, “Top Cuban Official Says Country Open to More U.S. Deportations, Blames Embargo for Migrant Exodus” (CBS News, April 18, 2024).

Colombia has fallen behind on regularizing the status of Venezuelan migrants who arrive without passports, and this is incentivizing many Venezuelans to migrate to the United States, reported Manuel Rueda at PRX’s The World.

Manuel Rueda, “‘I’ll go for the American dream’: After struggling to get legal status in Colombia, many Venezuelan migrants are heading to the US” (The World, April 18, 2024).

Two South Texas legislators, Rep. Henry Cuellar (D) and Rep. Monica de la Cruz (R), alleged that Catholic Charities of San Antonio misused federal funding by paying for released migrants’ airfare to destination cities in the U.S. interior.

Sandra Sanchez, “San Antonio Nonprofit ‘Misused’ Federal Funds to Buy Migrants Airline Tickets, Lawmakers Say” (Border Report, April 18, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

Reporting from San Luis Rio Colorado, Sonora, a border city near Yuma, Arizona, the BBC’s Linda Pressly focused on the powerful criminal organizations increasingly extorting and kidnapping migrants there. “These extortionists and hostage-takers are not only professional criminals—some are also law enforcement,” Pressly noted.

Linda Pressly, “Extortion and Kidnap – a Deadly Journey Across Mexico” (BBC (UK), April 18, 2024).

Ariel Ruiz Soto of the Migration Policy Institute told the Voice of America that “root causes” strategies have their limits: “For example, if Microsoft wanted to set up a hub in Guatemala, they would need not only to include money to build the building, to hire workers, provide training, but also a counterpart allocation from the Guatemalan government to build the roads, to have the infrastructure for the electricity, to have broadband internet.”

Aline Barros, “White House Says Plans to Address Causes of Migration Show Results” (Voice of America, April 18, 2024).

“A vast enforcement crackdown is likely to harm economic opportunity in the United States,” reads a column from the Peterson Institute for International Economics’ Michael Clemens, author of a new statistical study of how the availability of lawful pathways reduces unlawful border crossings. “A rational way out of this crisis would be to set up a system expanding legal access for immigrants to the United States while retaining some categories as unlawful.”

Michael A. Clemens, “Offering More Lawful Pathways for Us Border Crossings Reduces Unlawful Crossings” (Peterson Institute for International Economics, April 18, 2024).
On the Right
“Texas Border Operation Captures Half a Million Illegal Immigrants, Thousands of Felons” (Judicial Watch, April 18, 2024).
April 18, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 18, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

The San Diego, California Border Patrol sector may now be the number one destination for migrants coming to the border, according to a read of weekly data posted by Border Patrol sector chiefs. San Diego saw the most migration during much of the 1990s but has been surpassed by other parts of the border over the past quarter-century.

An increase in migrant arrivals there—8,959 Border Patrol apprehensions between April 10 and 16—had overwhelmed San Diego county efforts to receive released migrants, resulting in 24,000 CBP “street releases ” in San Diego since federal funding ran out in February. San Diego County has received $19.6 million in federal funding from the 2024 budget that Congress approved in March, but has not yet restarted migrant reception services, Border Report found.

Adam Isacson @adam_wola on Twitter (Twitter, April 17, 2024).
Salvador Rivera, “Federal Money in Hand, County of San Diego Yet to Commit Millions for Migrant Welcome Center” (Border Report, April 17, 2024).

In an effort to pacify conservatives angry that an Ukraine aid bill is headed to a vote this weekend, House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-Louisiana) introduced a new hard-line border bill. H.R. 3602, currently on the Rules Committee’s docket, includes most of the provisions of H.R. 2, which passed the House on a party-line vote in May 2023. Among other provisions, H.R. 2 would make it virtually impossible to access the U.S. asylum system at the U.S.-Mexico border.

The bill might come to a vote this week—or it may die a quiet death, as Republican hardliners are unhappy with the process.

Mychael Schnell, Rebecca Beitsch, “House Gop Unveils Border Bill as Conservatives Slam Foreign Aid Measures” (The Hill, April 17, 2024).

As expected, the U.S. Senate voted to dismiss the House of Representatives’ effort to impeach Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas. The impeachment—spearheaded by House Republicans who oppose Mayorkas’s management of the border and migration—will not go to a Senate trial.

The dismissal passed by a 51-49 party-line vote in the Democratic-majority Senate. The most moderate Republicans voted to impeach, while the most conservative Democrats (or independents who caucus with Democrats) voted to dismiss.

Jacqueline Alemany, Liz Goodwin, “Senate Votes to Dismiss Impeachment Charges Against Mayorkas” (The Washington Post, April 17, 2024).
Rebecca Beitsch, “Gop Effort to Make Mayorkas Face of Border Runs Into Senate Dead-End” (The Hill, April 17, 2024).
Anna Giaritelli, David Sivak, “Schumer Succeeds in Killing Off Mayorkas Impeachment Trial Before It Can Begin” (The Washington Examiner, April 17, 2024).
Li Zhou, “The Very Short Mayorkas Impeachment Trial, Explained” (Vox, April 17, 2024).
Aaron Blake, “The Politics of the Swiftly Dismissed Mayorkas Impeachment Trial” (The Washington Post, April 17, 2024).

More than 20 migrants, about half from Ecuador, were kidnapped by criminals in Ciudad Juárez last week after flying to the city. The criminals reportedly released five of them for a ransom of $8,000 each.

Julian Resendiz, “Group Reports Mass Kidnapping of Ecuadorian Migrants in Juarez” (Border Report, April 17, 2024).

Mexican Foreign Secretary Alicia Bárcena is on a tour of Texas border cities, visiting consulates to help them prepare for—and to send a strong message of opposition to—Texas’s S.B. 4 state immigration law. The controversial measure is currently suspended as federal courts consider appeals.

Bárcena reiterated that Mexico will not accept any deportations, including of Mexican citizens, carried out by Texas state—not federal—authorities.

“La Canciller Alicia Barcena Inicia Gira de Trabajo en Chihuahua y Texas” (Secretaria de Relaciones Exteriores (Mexico), April 17, 2024).
Julian Resendiz, “Mexico Offers Assistance to Texas Residents Against ‘Anti-Immigrant’ sb4” (Border Report, April 17, 2024).
“Mexico’s Foreign Secretary, el Paso Leaders Talk Immigration and Healing at Border Visit” (CBS 4 El Paso, April 17, 2024).

In the Darién Gap, Colombia reports capturing “98 members of different criminal organizations between August 7, 2022 and March 12, 2024,” reads an item at the U.S. Southern Command’s Diálogo website. The document does not state whether any of those captured held positions of importance in criminal organizations, as opposed to low-level figures.

“Panama, Colombia, Us, Allies Against Transnational Crime” (Dialogo (U.S. Southern Command), April 18, 2024).

A new update from the UN Refugee Agency noted that since September, Honduras has measured more in-transit migration than Panama has. “This trend is explained by air transit to Nicaragua, which allows people coming mainly from Haiti, Cuba, Guinea, and other extra-continental nationalities to subsequently take the route through Honduras without passing through the Darién. In addition, there is maritime transit from Colombia to Nicaragua.”

“Honduras – Reporte del Equipo Local de Frontera Suroriente – 1 al 31 de Marzo 2024” (UN Refugee Agency, April 17, 2024).

Monday is the deadline for public comment on CBP’s plan to install 25 miles of stadium-style bright lighting along the Rio Grande in west and south Texas. As the proposed lighting is “a major stressor to wildlife” and creates light pollution, the plan alarms environmental defenders.

Mary Cantrell, “New Border Lighting Initiatives Prompt Concern Over Dark Skies, Environment” (The Big Bend Sentinel, April 17, 2024).
Sandra Sanchez, “Cbp Seeks Input on Plan to Light Up 25 Miles of South and West Texas Borderlands” (Border Report, April 17, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

A new WOLA analysis looks at the sharp drop in migration at the U.S.-Mexico border so far in 2024. Rather than U.S. policy changes or the Texas government’s crackdown, the main reason appears to be Mexico’s stepped-up interdiction of migrants, at U.S. urging. These efforts may falter as flows of new migrants into Mexico remain robust; if that happens and migration increases, the Biden administration will likely consider means to “shut down” asylum access. Those steps, too, would only have a short-term impact, the study concludes.

Adam Isacson, “Why Is Migration Declining at the U.S.-Mexico Border in Early 2024?” (Washington Office on Latin America, April 18, 2024).

The Guardian examined the leading candidate in Panama’s presidential elections’ unrealistic vow to “close” the Darién Gap to migration.

Thomas Graham, “Panama’s Presidential Frontrunner Vows to ‘Close’ Darien Gap” (The Guardian (Uk), April 18, 2024).

A report from Jesuit Refugee Service USA and the Boston College School of Social Work looked at how digital tools are changing the migration experience, from the spread of misinformation to the challenges of using the CBP One app.

“Navigating the Us-Mexico Border: Digital Practices of Migrants and Their Psychosocial Needs” (Boston College School of Social Work, JRS USA, Jesuit Refugee Service USA, April 17, 2024).
On the Right
Khaleda Rahman, “Marjorie Taylor Greene Demands Space Lasers to Combat Migrants” (Newsweek, April 18, 2024).
April 17, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 17, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

The populist candidate leading polls for Panama’s May 5 presidential elections is promising to block migration through the Darién Gap. “We are going to close Darien and we are going to repatriate all these people as appropriate, respecting human rights,” José Raúl Mulino told reporters. Mulino did not specify how he would manage to close to migrants a 2,200-square-mile region of dense jungle.

“Candidato Presidencial en Panama Promete “Cerrar” Selva del Darien” (Agence France Presse, Milenio (Mexico), April 16, 2024).

Leaders of the Republican-majority House of Representatives formally delivered articles of impeachment for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to the Democratic-majority Senate, more than two months after approving them by a single vote on their second attempt. The Republican legislators contend that Mayorkas’s management of the border and migration is grounds for impeachment; Senate Democratic leaders are likely to introduce a motion to dismiss the case without going to trial, and they appear to have the votes.

Annie Grayer, Priscilla Alvarez, “House Sends Mayorkas Impeachment Articles to the Senate” (CNN, April 16, 2024).
Anna Giaritelli, “House Delivers Mayorkas Impeachment Articles to Divided Senate” (The Washington Examiner, April 16, 2024).

Mayorkas testified yesterday in the House Homeland Security Committee, which originated his impeachment process last year. “With the authorities and the funding that we have, it [the border] is as secure as it can be,” Mayorkas told a Republican questioner.

Mayorkas said he did not recall telling Border Patrol agents that “higher than 85 percent” of encountered migrants were being released into the United States. (Judging from CBP custody statistics, more than 70 percent of encountered migrants received “notices to appear” during the first six months of fiscal 2024.)

Josh Christenson, “Mayorkas Tells Congress Border ‘as Secure as It Can Be,’ Cannot ‘Recall’ Saying 85% of Migrants Are Released Into Us” (The New York Post, April 16, 2024).

At the hearing, Republican legislators presented a flier, first promoted on Twitter by the Heritage Foundation, supposedly produced by a Jewish immigrant aid organization in Texas. The document, which urges migrants to vote for Joe Biden in November, is an obvious fake.

“Fabricated Flier a New Low in Congressional Anti-Immigrant and Anti-Democratic Conspiracy Narrative” (Americas Voice, April 16, 2024).

Brazilian fishermen discovered the remains of nine people in a boat drifting off the coast of the country’s northeast on Saturday. They appear to have been migrants from Africa, probably Mali and Mauritania.

Renata Brito, “9 Bodies Found Adrift in a Boat Off Brazil Were Likely Migrants From Mauritania and Mali, Police Say” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 16, 2024).

A Border Patrol checkpoint on Interstate 35 north of Laredo, Texas is receiving $15 million in upgrades that will make it the largest interior road checkpoint in the United States, Border Report reported.

Sandra Sanchez, “‘Checkpoint Charley’ Expansion Will Make It the Largest in Us” (Border Report, April 16, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

“Realistically speaking, having this [Biden administration] asylum ban applied to 100 percent could mean only a few hundred people more a month being ordered removed. Not a huge shift,” pointed out the American Immigration Council’s Aaron Reichlin-Melnick in a factually dense interview with the Border Chronicle’s Melissa del Bosque.

Melissa del Bosque, “Can President Biden Really Shut Down Asylum at the Border? A Q&A With Immigration Expert Aaron Reichlin-Melnick” (The Border Chronicle, April 16, 2024).

A Bloomberg analysis examined the drift of the Biden administration’s border and migration policies, noting inconsistencies and failures to anticipate new challenges. “The first year of Biden’s term felt like it was a series of good plans getting halted, with frequent leadership changes on the issue,” a former official noted.

Eric Martin, Maya Averbuch, Patricia Laya, “Biden Once Rejected Trump’s Migrant Policies. Now His Ideas Echo Them” (Bloomberg, Yahoo, April 16, 2024).
On the Right
Sen. Tommy Tuberville (R-Alabama), “Mayorkas Must Be Held Accountable at His Senate Trial” (The American Conservative, April 17, 2024).
Maryann Martinez, “Over 100 Migrants Caught Scaling, Cutting Border Fence Near School” (The Daily Mail (UK), April 16, 2024).
April 16, 2024 —  0
Thursday Evening Book Event

If you’re in Washington, join me on Thursday evening at a very good bookstore, for a discussion of a very good book. I’ll be moderating a discussion with Ieva Jusionyte, whose book Exit Wounds was just released today, at the original Politics and Prose store up on Connecticut Avenue.

Exit Wounds: How America’s Guns Fuel Violence Across the Border is a series of vignettes and character sketches about gun trafficking, organized crime, and migration at the U.S.-Mexico border. Jusionyte makes the point that Mexico is not inherently a violent place, that the United States’ approach to firearms plays a role too.

I’ve given the book a very close read and am completely over-prepared. Looking forward to Thursday.

I liked this part:

I began following American guns south in order to understand what they were doing to Mexican society. From the stories migrants and refugees told me I already knew I would find communities scarred by gun violence and people who were living in fear, some of whom were choosing to leave their homes in search of safety and better lives. I knew that this journey would eventually take me back to the border, right to where I had started, that the plight of migrants and refugees running away from threats would only lead to further militarization and fortification of the barrier separating “us” from “them.” After all, the desire to prevent migrants from crossing is a strong political potion that reliably wins elections in the United States. And yet I was surprised by how few people recognize that it’s a circle. Even the language we use to talk about violence south of the border, using such terms as “narcos” and “cartels,” only reinforces the idea that Mexico is a dangerous country and we need to build a barrier lest those people coming from over there—not only Mexico, but also Honduras and Guatemala, Haiti and Venezuela, and many other places—would bring violence here.

Somehow, we fail to connect the dots: that the violence people are fleeing, the violence we are afraid they would spread in the United States is, in large part, of our own making—that the tools come from the factories in Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Tennessee, some smuggled across the borders, others legally exported to foreign military and police forces with records of abuse. Even more: these guns come from the same regions where addiction to opioids has created demand for drugs that continue to enrich smugglers in Mexico; that the money Americans spend on fentanyl, heroin, or meth will be used to buy guns to arm those who supply this contraband. Nor do we realize that the US government’s pursuit of most prominent Mexican traffickers and their extraditions to face trials on this side of the border—the list that includes several leaders of the Gulf Cartel and the Zetas—have deprived communities that have suffered their brutality most directly from recourse to justice, further fraying the social fabric of the Mexican society.

April 16, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 16, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

An Indiana National Guardsman in El Paso, part of the Texas state government’s “Operation Lone Star” troop deployment, shot his weapon at a migrant who had allegedly stabbed two people on Sunday afternoon.

The incident occurred along the edge of the Rio Grande. The alleged stabbing took place on the U.S. side of the river, which is very narrow in El Paso; the attacker ran back into Mexico. Two migrants were treated for “superficial wounds.”

There is little other information. The Texas Military Department confirmed that a guardsman “discharged a weapon in a border-related incident.”

This is the second time that guardsmen have fired on a migrant allegedly wielding a knife. In August 2023, a Texas National Guardsman stationed near the El Paso side of the Paso del Norte bridge fired a shot into Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, wounding the leg of a Mexican man on the opposite riverbank. The shooting occurred “after three men on the Mexican side of the border started attacking a group of migrants with a knife as the migrants attempted to cross the river,” the Washington Post reported at the time, citing a CBP official’s account.

Ali Bradley, “Stabbing Adds to Increased Violence in el Paso Sector” (NewsNation, April 15, 2024).
Fernie Ortiz, “National Guard Member Shoots Migrant Seen Stabbing Another, Document Shows” (Border Report, April 15, 2024).
Jake Allen, “Reports: Migrant Shot by Indiana National Guard Soldier at Southern Border” (The Indianapolis Star, April 15, 2024).
Aaron Martinez, “Border Shooting Involving Indiana National Guard Troop in el Paso Under Investigation” (The El Paso Times, April 15, 2024).

In Nogales, Sonora, asylum seekers’ waits for CBP One appointments now often last seven or eight months, reports Christina Ascencio of Human Rights First. The Nogales port of entry, the only CBP One destination between Calexico, California and El Paso, Texas, offers only 100 appointments per day.

“Christina Asencio @christielaine23 on Twitter” (Twitter, April 15, 2024).

Texas’s state government has begun construction of a segment of state-funded border wall near the Rio Grande in Zapata county, on private land whose owner approved of it, Border Report reported. It is the first state border wall to go up in south Texas.

Sandra Sanchez, “1st Segment of Texas-Funded Border Wall in Zapata County Is Going Up” (Border Report, April 15, 2024).

The House of Representatives’ Republican majority is expected to send its impeachment of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas to the Democratic-majority Senate today. The measure, which passed the House by a single vote in February on a second attempt, is not expected to get a high-profile reception in the Senate.

“Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer is expected to quickly bring an end to the matter, which Democrats say is a politically motivated misuse of the impeachment process,” Reuters reported. Republicans allege that Mayorkas’s management of the border and migration constitute “high crimes and misdemeanors”; the Senate is certain not to convict, and even an actual trial is looking unlikely.

Richard Cowan, “Us Senate Seen Swiftly Ending Impeachment of Biden’s Top Border Official” (Reuters, Reuters, April 16, 2024).

Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), the “customs enforcement” arm of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), is launching an effort this week to build a separate identity from ICE, an agency more frequently associated with arresting and deporting migrants from the U.S. interior. “The makeover partly aims to appease senior HSI agents who have sought a breakaway because so many major U.S. cities have adopted policies limiting cooperation with ICE,” reported the Washington Post’s Nick Miroff.

The 2022 Homeland Security Act lashed HSI together with ICE’s Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) branch, which detains and deports migrants. While it would take an act of law to separate HSI from ICE, agents will henceforth carry a separate badge, and “independent branding” will de-emphasize the ICE affiliation.

Nick Miroff, “Homeland Security Investigative Agency Seeks Rebrand, Without Ice” (The Washington Post, April 15, 2024).

Six moderate Democratic House members, led by Rep. Gabe Vasquez, who represents a New Mexico border district, introduced a resolution last week “Condemning Republican inaction to address comprehensive immigration reform and border security.”

Susan Dunlap, “Vasquez Calls Out Republicans for ‘Inaction’ on Border Policy” (NM Political Report, April 16, 2024).
Julian Resendiz, “Democrats Return Favor, Blame Gop for Border Crisis” (Border Report, April 15, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

The UN Refugee Agency published an update about Darién Gap migration, with the results of 109 interviews with migrants. 20 percent of them, it turns out, do not have the United States as their intended destination. 70 percent of respondents were Venezuelan, but only 44 percent of those came directly from Venezuela—the rest had already left their native country and had been living elsewhere in South America.

“Mixed Movements Official Data Darien Province, Panama-Colombia Border” (UN Refugee Agency, April 16, 2024).

UNHCR also released a report summarizing its surveys of migrants transiting Guatemala in 2023. It found 42 percent of them were leaving their countries for reasons of “violence or conflict,” with 72 percent of Ecuadorian people giving that response. 65 percent said that they had suffered mistreatment or abuse on their journey, usually robberies, extortions, fraud, or threats.

“Acnur Guatemala – Monitoreo de Movimientos Mixtos. Informe Anual 2023” (UN Refugee Agency, April 15, 2024).
On the Right
Bethany Blankley, “Majority of Voters Polled Believe U.S. Is Being Invaded at Southern Border” (The Center Square, April 15, 2024).
Matthew Tragesser, “Threat From China Is Growing at Our Southern Border” (The Heritage Foundation, April 15, 2024).
Jennie Taer, “Californians Are Buying Up Guns After Border Patrol Starts Dumping Thousands of Migrants on Streets” (The New York Post, April 15, 2024).
April 15, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 15, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Customs and Border Protection (CBP) released data late Friday about migration and border security metrics at the U.S.-Mexico border in March. CBP’s Border Patrol component reported apprehending 137,480 people at the border last month, down 2.3 percent from February (140,638). Migration usually increases in spring; this is only the second time this century that apprehensions declined from February to March.

March was the seventh-lightest month of the Biden administration’s thirty-eight months in office.
The top three nationalities of Border Patrol’s apprehensions in March were Mexico (38%), Ecuador (11%), and Guatemala (11%).
The top three nationalities of Border Patrol’s apprehensions during the first six months of fiscal 2024 are Mexico (30%), Guatemala (14%), and Venezuela (11%).
33 percent of March Border Patrol apprehensions were of members of family units. 6 percent were unaccompanied children. The remaining 61 percent were single adults.
39 percent of Border Patrol apprehensions during the first 6 months of fiscal 2024 were members of family units. 6 percent were unaccompanied children. The remaining 55 percent were single adults.
The top three sectors where Border Patrol apprehended migrants in March were Tucson Arizona (31%), San Diego, California (25%), and El Paso, Texas-New Mexico (22%).
The top three sectors where Border Patrol apprehended migrants in the first six months of fiscal 2024 were Tucson Arizona (33%), Del Rio, Texas (19%), and San Diego, California (18%).
CBP encountered another 51,892 people at land-border ports of entry in March, about 44,000 (85%) of them with CBP One appointments. That is similar to recent months. The top nationalities at the ports were Mexico (27%), Cuba (24%), and Haiti (18%).
The total number of migrant encounters in March was 189,372, combining Border Patrol apprehensions and port of entry arrivals.
“Cbp Releases March 2024 Monthly Update” (U.S. Customs and Border Protection, April 12, 2024).
“US Border Arrests Fall in March, Bucking Seasonal Trends Amid Increased Enforcement in Mexico” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 12, 2024).

Migration continues to decline in April. Border Patrol has averaged 3,800 apprehensions per day over the past three weeks, Rep. Henry Cuéllar (D-Texas), the ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee, said at a hearing last week reported in the Washington Examiner. That would set April on pace to be the third-lightest month of the Biden administration’s 39 full months.

Anna Giaritelli, “Border Arrests Dropping Sharply, House Lawmaker Says” (The Washington Examiner, April 12, 2024).

As migration declines in Border Patrol’s Tucson, Arizona Sector, which has been the number-one sector since last July, the San Diego, California Sector may be surpassing it. Weekly tweets from Border Patrol sector chiefs showed more migrant apprehensions in San Diego April 3-9 (6,997) than in Tucson April 5-11 (6,700). San Diego has not been the busiest Border Patrol sector in any month during the 21st century.

Chief Patrol Agent Patricia D. McGurk-Daniel @USBPChiefSDC on Twitter (Twitter, April 10, 2024).
John R. Modlin @USBPChiefTCA on Twitter (Twitter, April 12, 2024).

Much of the decrease in migration at the border so far this year is the result of Mexican security and migration forces’ stepped-up migrant interdiction operations, including a record 120,000 migrant apprehensions in each of January and February. CNN reported on one example: greatly increased Mexican Army and National Guard patrols along the borderline east of San Diego, especially south of Jacumba Springs, California, where many asylum seekers had been turning themselves in to Border Patrol.

David Culver, Evelio Contreras, Norma Galeana, Rachel Clarke, “These Are the Border Officers That Migrants Fear – and They Are Not the Americans” (CNN, April 12, 2024).

A migrant encampment near railroad tracks in Chihuahua, the capital of the Mexican border state of the same name, has grown to about 600 people, La Jornada reported. Chihuahua is more than 200 miles south of the state’s largest border city, Ciudad Juárez. The buildup at the encampment is a result of Mexican forces’ operations to prevent migrants from boarding railroad freight cars. NGOs cited by La Jornada “pointed out that the INM [Mexican government National Migration Institute] operations began last April 1, in Ciudad Juárez, and extended to the south of the state, registering dozens of aggressions against people in conditions of mobility.”

Jesus Estrada, “La Jornada: Ante Redadas del Inm, Crece Campamento Improvisado” (La Jornada (Mexico), April 14, 2024).

The Biden administration has not yet taken legally dubious executive action to restrict the right to asylum at the border because it “has been trying to find the right language to impose a crackdown without getting instantly shut down by courts—or facing an open revolt by his progressive base,” reads an Axios report, following up on an April 10 “scoop.” An executive order is “now expected within weeks,” Axios added.

Hans Nichols, Stef W. Kight, “Inside Biden’s Delay on Going “Nuclear” at the Border” (Axios, April 15, 2024).

The Washington Examiner reported that 464,922 unaccompanied children entered U.S. custody at the border during the Biden administration as of January 31 (the number through March 31 is 481,534). Conservatives interviewed blamed the large number on U.S. laws written to protect children who arrive at the border without parents, which mandate that they get due process for protection needs instead of being quickly deported.

Anna Giaritelli, “Biden’s Border Sees Nearly Half a Million Immigrant Children Arrive Without a Parent” (The Washington Examiner, April 13, 2024).

The government of Colombia (population 52 million) estimated that 2,857,528 migrants from Venezuela were living in the country as of January 31. 47 percent of them are living in five cities (Bogotá, Medellín, Cúcuta, Barranquilla, and Cali). More than 2 million now have Temporary Protection Permits (PPT), notes a report from Bogotá‘s Universidad del Rosario.

Ronal F. Rodriguez, “La Integracion Migratoria una Oportunidad para el Desarrollo Socioeconomico de los Territorios” (La Silla Vacia (Colombia), April 15, 2024).

Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas will testify twice this week about the Department’s 2025 budget request. On Tuesday, the Secretary will appear before the Homeland Security Committee in the Republican-majority House of Representatives—the committee that launched impeachment proceedings against him. On Thursday, Mayorkas will testify in the Senate Homeland Security Committee. Last week, he testified in both houses’ appropriations committees.

10:00-1:00 in Room 310, Cannon House Office Building: Hearing of the House Homeland Security Committee about A Review of the Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request for the Department of Homeland Security.
10:00 in Room 342, Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Homeland Security Committee on The FY25 Dhs Budget: Resources and Authorities Requested to Protect and Secure the Homeland.
Analyses and Feature Stories

A Washington Post feature reported on the sharp rise in migrant deaths, especially by drowning in the Rio Grande, in Maverick County, Texas, which includes Eagle Pass. Local authorities cannot keep up with the need for body bags, burial plots, and DNA collection capabilities. Bodies often get buried without being identified.

Arelis R. Hernandez, Daniele Volpe, Marina Dias, “Texas County at Center of Border Fight Is Overwhelmed by Migrant Deaths” (The Washington Post, April 14, 2024).

The migrant population in Mexico City is swelling, as Mexico’s 2024 crackdown is forcing more people to wait in the capital and arrange their documentation and CBP One appointments, reported David Agren at OSV News. At least 2,500 migrants are waiting in the capital, most of them in six tent encampments.

David Agren, “Mexico City Is ‘Waiting Room’ for Migrants as They Sort Out Legal Situation Before Heading to Border” (OSV News, Catholic Review, April 14, 2024).

Initium Media, a Chinese-language publication, told the story of eight Chinese migrants’ late March death by drowning while trying to migrate along the coast of Oaxaca, Mexico. The group had chosen the maritime route in an effort to elide the many checkpoints that authorities place along the highway through Chiapas, Mexico’s southernmost state.

Beimeng Fu, Zhaoyin Feng, “Chinese Migrant in New York Reveals Details About the Deadly Route That Took the Lives of Eight Chinese in Mexico” (Initium Media, Documented, April 15, 2024).

Allan Bu of the Honduras-based outlet ContraCorriente traveled to the Arizona-Sonora border and reported on migrants arriving and non-governmental humanitarian workers operating under conditions of difficult terrain and xenophobic backlash.

Allan Bu, “Tacos y Tortillas Con Quesillo para los Migrantes Cerca del Muro de Trump” (ContraCorriente (Honduras), April 13, 2024).
April 15, 2024 —  0
Latin America-Related Events in Washington and Online This Week

(Events that I know of, anyway. All times are U.S. Eastern.)

Monday, April 15
11:00 at Facebook Live: Observamos de Costa a Costa: Informe Elecciones Regionales 2024.
11:00 at thedialogue.org: Consolidation of Power and State Capture in Nicaragua (RSVP required).
11:00-12:30 at iiss.org: Drug-trafficking, organised crime and electoral processes in Latin America (RSVP required).
8:00pm at Honduras Solidarity Network Zoom: Juan Orlando Hernandez, Guilty! Where is Accountability for his Enablers: the U.S. & Canada? (RSVP required).
Tuesday, April 16
10:00-1:00 in Room 310, Cannon House Office Building: Hearing of the House Homeland Security Committee about A Review of the Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request for the Department of Homeland Security.
10:00 in Room 2154, Rayburn House Office Building: Hearing of the House Oversight Subcommittee on National Security, the Border, and Foreign Affairs about How the Border Crisis Impacts Public Safety.
10:30-12:00 at the OAS: Book Talk and Discussion with Author Marie Arana (RSVP required).
12:00-1:00 at Global Americans Zoom: U.S.-Spain Cooperation and the Western Hemisphere with Ambassador Julissa Reynoso (RSVP required).
Wednesday, April 17
2:30 in Room 2358-A, Rayburn House Office Building: Hearing of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security about Fiscal Year 2025 Request for Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Thursday, April 18
10:00 in Room 342, Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Homeland Security Committee on The FY25 Dhs Budget: Resources and Authorities Requested to Protect and Secure the Homeland.
10:00-11:00 in Room 2247, Rayburn House Office Building: Challenges in Upholding Racial Justice in Policing and the Rule of Law in Colombia.
11:00-12:30 at Wilson Center Zoom: Border Policy, Organized Crime, and Migration Between Mexico and the US (RSVP required).
12:00-1:30 at the Institute for Policy Studies and online: Responding to Green Colonialism: Voices from Latin America, Asia, and the Middle East (RSVP required).
3:00-4:30 at the Wilson Center and online: OECD Expansion in Latin America (RSVP required).
3:30-5:30 at New School Zoom: Indigenous Autonomous Governments and Decoloniality: Paths to (Re)Affirm, Defend, and Restitute Territories of Life (RSVP required).
7:00 at Politics and Prose Connecticut Ave.: Ieva Jusionyte — Exit Wounds: How America’s Guns Fuel Violence Across the Border.
Friday, April 19
4:00 at Zoom: CBP One App: Migrants Speak (RSVP required).
April 12, 2024 —  0
Ecuador Didn’t Suddenly Become a Cocaine Transshipment Corridor

This narrative to explain Ecuador’s sharp escalation of organized-crime violence—repeated by a BBC report this week is… kind of correct, sort of?

I don’t mean to single out the BBC: you see this “cocaine surged, then homicide rates multiplied” idea repeated a lot. There’s something to it. But it misses a lot.

Cocaine seizures (from the UNODC World Drug Report) point to trends. That data, for Ecuador, does show a big jump in the amount of cocaine transiting the country from 2020 to 2021.

However, the numbers also show that there was already a lot of cocaine flowing through Ecuador during the 2010s, when the country was regarded to be among the least violent in the Americas.

The correlation between narcotrafficking and violence exists, but its strength often gets overestimated. A larger part of the story seems to have to do with the structure of organized crime in Ecuador.

Peaceful arrangements among criminal groups, which involved corrupt people high up in government (as prosecutors are uncovering), fell apart sometime around the turn of this decade. The river of cocaine that was already flowing through Ecuador fell into bitter dispute as past equilibria shattered.

The demobilization of Colombia’s FARC probably contributed to that. An early indicator of trouble was an extreme wave of prison violence between fast-growing gangs in the late 2010s and early 2020s, signaling a big shake-out among the country’s organized crime groups. There may have been a perfect storm of factors within the criminal underworlds of Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador, and perhaps elsewhere.

No matter what, the explanation rests on more than just a jump in the flow of cocaine. That flow was already quite robust, and quite tolerated by corrupt people in Ecuador’s security forces, judiciary, and government institutions.

See also:

U.S. Military and Police Equipment Arriving in Ecuador
At the Latin America Advisor: “Can Ecuador’s Next President Make the Country Safer?”
April 12, 2024 —  0
Weekly U.S.-Mexico Border Update: April 12, 2024

With this series of weekly updates, WOLA seeks to cover the most important developments at the U.S.-Mexico border. See past weekly updates here.

Support ad-free, paywall-free Weekly Border Updates. Your donation to WOLA is crucial to sustain this effort. Please contribute now and support our work.

THIS WEEK IN BRIEF:
Migration is down at the border and plateauing in countries further south

Migration continues to experience an unusual springtime lull across the U.S.-Mexico border, with numbers appearing to decline below January-March levels. San Diego, California, where migration is level, might soon become the border’s busiest sector, a change that has exceeded federal and local capacities there. Some of the drop in migration is a result of a Mexican government crackdown that began with the new year. Numbers of migrants are higher in Panama and Honduras than they were last year, but are not increasing.

Executive action to limit asylum access: still on the table

President Biden told a Univisión interviewer that he is still considering taking executive action to “shut down” access to asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border when daily migrant encounters cross a certain threshold. A possible legal justification for doing so, which courts have not upheld, is a broad presidential authority to block migrants whose entry is considered “detrimental to the interests of the United States.”

DHS Secretary appears in hearings as Senate heads toward a quiet, swift impeachment acquittal

Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas appeared separately before House and Senate Appropriations subcommittees on April 10. He called for 2025 budget increases for the Department, including a flexible $4.7 billion border contingency fund that Republicans have opposed. The Senate still awaits the Republican-majority House of Representatives’ transmittal of impeachment articles against Mayorkas, alleging mismanagement of the border. Those articles narrowly passed the House in February; an actual Senate trial is unlikely.

THE FULL UPDATE:
READ MORE
April 12, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 12, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Migration appears to be declining fast in the Darién Gap, the treacherous jungle region straddling Colombia and Panama. A brief statement from Panama’s National Migration Service (SNM) reported that the agency registered 8,065 people in the first 11 days of April (probably the first 10 days, as the 11th wasn’t over when the SNM published its statement).

That would be a daily average of about 800—and on Wednesday, the SNM reported just 485 people. During the first three months of 2024, migration through the Darién Gap averaged 1,200 people per day, which itself was a stark drop from the record 2,643 people who passed through the Darién each day last August.

Reasons for the decline are not yet clear; we have heard no reports of policy changes being implemented or organized crime trends shifting in the past several weeks.

“Migrantes Irregulares en Transito Continuan Llegando a Darien, Ya Son Mas de 118 Mil Personas en 2024” (Servicio Nacional de Migración (Panama), April 11, 2024).
“60% de los Migrantes Que Han Cruzado el Darien en 2024 Son Venezolanos” (EFE, Efecto Cocuyo (Venezuela), April 11, 2024).

A decline in migration is also evident in Tijuana, where migrant shelters are down to 50 to 60 percent capacity, according to municipal migration office director Enrique Lucero, who added that the city is seeing far fewer non-Mexican migrants. However, the number of migrant apprehensions throughout Border Patrol’s San Diego Sector, which borders Tijuana and much of Mexico’s Baja California state, is steady.

This may indicate that fewer migrants are choosing to endure the months-long wait in the city for CBP One appointments at the San Ysidro port of entry: they may be opting to cross and turn themselves in to Border Patrol instead.

Salvador Rivera, “Migrant Shelters in Tijuana Down to as Little as 50% Capacity” (Border Report, April 11, 2024).

Police in Ciudad Juárez found a Venezuelan man severely beaten and left for dead not far from “Gate 36,” a site along the Rio Grande in El Paso where many asylum seekers try to turn themselves in to Border Patrol. “Some Juarez news portals reported the migrant was beaten by smugglers and left near the river, given up for dead,” according to Border Report.

Julian Resendiz, “Venezuelan Migrant Beaten, Left for Dead Near Rio Grande” (Border Report, April 11, 2024).

A man whose body was recovered from an irrigation canal in Socorro, Texas, is likely the 35th migrant whose remains have been found in Border Patrol’s El Paso Sector since the October 1 beginning of fiscal year 2024.

Daniel Borunda, “Body of Possible Drowned Migrant Found in Socorro Canal in el Paso County” (The El Paso Times, April 11, 2024).

A Meganálisis poll of Venezuelans living in Venezuela showed that 40 percent would consider migrating if Nicolás Maduro wins another term in what is expected to be an un-free, un-fair election on July 28. Only 16 percent said they were certain that they would not consider leaving their country.

Antonio MarÍa Delgado, “A Maduro Election Victory Might Lead to New Exodus of Venezuelan Migrants, Poll Shows” (The Miami Herald, April 11, 2024).

House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Mark Green (R-Tennessee) is to introduce legislation that would make it impossible for asylum seekers released into the United States to board commercial aircraft for domestic flights, unless they have the same identity documents that the general traveling public must present. Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) is sponsoring similar Senate legislation, the Washington Examiner reported.

The measure, which is certain not to become law this year, would increase the number of released asylum seekers present in U.S. border cities, as it would complicate their departures to destination cities in the U.S. interior.

Anna Giaritelli, “Illegal Immigrants Would Be Banned From Boarding Commercial Flights Under Gop Bill” (The Washington Examiner, April 11, 2024).

NBC News reported that Border Patrol in March 2023 apprehended, then released, a 48-year-old Afghan asylum seeker who turned out to be on the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) watchlist of people suspected of terrorist group affiliations.

Didi Martinez, Julia Ainsley, Laura Strickler, “Man on Terror Watchlist Was Released by Border Patrol” (NBC News, April 11, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

A Migration Policy Institute article examined South American countries’ citizens’ migration to the United States, which has risen sharply since the pandemic. It noted that South American immigrants are generally more educated and participate more in the U.S. labor force than other nationalities.

Jeanne Batalova, Julian Montalvo, “South American Immigrants in the United States” (Migration Policy Institute, April 11, 2024).

“If we truly hope to ‘secure our border’ and rebuild a safe, orderly and humane immigration system, we need to realize that deterrence isn’t a solution,” wrote Houston Chronicle editorial board member in the third of a three-part series of columns about immigration. “To find solutions, first we need to take control of the narrative.” Lankenau notes the harmful effect of a hefty “Asylum Program Fee” being attached to employers’ applications for foreign-born prospective workers’ visas.

Regina Lankenau, “Americans Are Paying for Our Broken Asylum System” (The Houston Chronicle, April 11, 2024).

The Central American online outlet Expediente Público looked at a non-governmental study examining why citizens of El Salvador continue to migrate in large numbers despite reduced insecurity and a popular, if authoritarian-trending, president. The reasons remain the same as before Nayib Bukele’s presidency: violence in society and economic need. El Salvador has been the number-four nationality of migrants seeking asylum in Mexico’s system in 2023 and so far in 2024.

Eric Lemus, “Why Do More Than 100,000 Salvadorans Leave Nayib Bukele’s Paradise Every Year?” (Expediente Publico, April 11, 2024).
On the Right
Liz Peek, “3 Reasons Biden Won’t Close the Border” (The Hill, April 11, 2024).
“Mexican Drug Cartels Operate on Indian Reservations Near and Far From Southern Border” (Judicial Watch, April 11, 2024).
April 11, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 11, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

An Axios “scoop” adds detail to the Biden administration’s consideration of a possible executive order to limit migrants’ access to asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border. The legal justification for blocking asylum—presumably when daily migrant encounters exceed a certain number—could be Section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, a vaguely worded authority that allows the President to block certain classes of migrants whose entry is considered “detrimental to the interests of the United States.”

Donald Trump employed 212(f) during his presidency, but courts determined that the authority does not allow refusing asylum to people who are already on U.S. soil and asking for protection in the United States.

Hans Nichols, Mike Allen, Stef W. Kight, “Scoop: Biden Plans Order to Limit Southern Border Crossings by End of Month” (Axios, April 10, 2024).

At a congressional hearing yesterday, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas remarked that while the administration is constantly evaluating it, “executive action, which is inevitably challenged in the courts, is no substitute for the enduring solution of legislation.”

“Ellen M. Gilmer @Ellengilmer on Twitter” (Twitter, April 10, 2024).

Mayorkas testified separately yesterday before appropriations subcommittees of the Republican-majority House of Representatives and the Democratic-majority Senate. He called for budget increases for DHS, including a Biden administration proposal for a $4.7 billion “Southwest Border Contingency Fund,” which would allow the Department to spend money as it sees fit to respond to surges. Republicans—who in the House will soon send Mayorkas’s impeachment to the Senate—refuse to give the Secretary that kind of flexibility.

Republicans in both houses criticized Mayorkas’s handling of the border and migration. In answer to questioning in the House, the Secretary acknowledged that he would use the word “crisis” to describe the border situation. That has been part of Mayorkas’s border commentary since February, but it was the first time he used the term under oath.

The Secretary repeated calls to pass legislation like the Senate “border deal” that failed in February, which would have increased DHS resources while adding a new authority to refuse asylum when daily migrant encounters exceed a threshold of 4,000 or 5,000 migrants.

Luke Barr, Quinn Owen, Sarah Beth Hensley, “Mayorkas Takes Heat From Gop in Hearings on Dhs Budget, Border” (ABC News, April 10, 2024).
Andrea Castillo, “Impeached Homeland Security Secretary Navigates Working With Republicans Who Want Him Out” (The Los Angeles Times, April 10, 2024).
Anna Giaritelli, “Mayorkas Admits to Congress That Border Is in ‘Crisis’” (The Washington Examiner, April 10, 2024).
David Lerman, Paul M. Krawzak, “Mayorkas Soldiers on Through Budget Hearings, Despite Impeachment” (Roll Call, April 10, 2024).
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut), “Murphy Chairs Dhs Budget Hearing With Secretary Mayorkas | U.S. Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut” (U.S. Senate, April 10, 2024).

Border-wide, migration continues to drop, sinking below the levels of January-March, which were among the lowest of the Biden administration. Camilo Montoya-Gálvez of CBS News tweeted that Border Patrol apprehended about 4,000 migrants on April 8; the daily average for the first quarter of the 2024 calendar year was just over 4,400.

“Camilo Montoya-Galvez @Camiloreports on Twitter” (Twitter, April 10, 2024).

The chief of Border Patrol’s San Diego, California Sector reported apprehending 6,997 migrants during the week of April 3-9. That is similar to the sector’s weekly apprehensions in March—but it is greater than the number of apprehensions reported by the chief of the Tucson, Arizona Sector during March 29-April 4 (6,600). Tucson has been the number-one sector for migrant arrivals since July 2023, but numbers have been dropping. While one week’s data is not enough to go by, it is possible that San Diego may be supplanting Tucson as the number-one sector.

“Chief Patrol Agent Patricia D. McGurk-Daniel @USBPChiefSDC on Twitter” (Twitter, April 10, 2024).
“John R. Modlin @USBPChiefTCA on Twitter” (Twitter, April 5, 2024).

iNewSource reported that the San Diego Sector is receiving a much greater number of unaccompanied minors than before.

Sofia Mejias-Pascoe, “Via San Diego, More Kids Cross the U.S.-Mexico Border Alone” (inewsource, April 10, 2024).

Guatemala’s migration agency reported that the United States has returned 21,294 of its citizens on 179 deportation flights so far this year. Aerial deportations to Guatemala are on pace this year to match or exceed levels reported before the pandemic-era Title 42 policy. Title 42 reduced aerial deportations because it allowed U.S. authorities to expel most Guatemalans directly into Mexico.

“Estados Unidos Retorna a un Grupo de 136 Guatemaltecos” (Instituto Guatemalteco de Migracion, April 10, 2024).

Mexican national guardsmen and immigration agents detained 700 migrants who arrived aboard a freight train in Torreón, Coahuila on April 8. “At least 55, including women and children, reported that the agents detained them for several hours, beat them, and stole money, cell phones, and documents before releasing them,” reported La Jornada.

Jesus Estrada, “Operativo de Guardia e Inm en Chihuahua para Frenar a 700 Extranjeros” (La Jornada (Mexico), April 10, 2024).

42 percent of Latino adults surveyed support building a wall or fence along the entire U.S.-Mexico border, according to a new Axios-Ipsos Latino Poll. That is up 12 points from a December 2021 poll. 38 percent said they support deporting all undocumented immigrants. Support for wall-building was 15-20 points higher among people of Cuban descent than among people of Mexican or Central American descent.

Russell Contreras, “Exclusive Poll: Latino Support for Border Wall, Deportations Jumps” (Axios, April 11, 2024).

Iowa passed a law that, echoing Texas’s S.B. 4 law currently facing federal court challenges, would make it a misdemeanor for an undocumented person to enter the state if they had been deported or denied entry to the United States.

Mitch Smith, “Joining Texas, Iowa Enacts Law for State Immigration Enforcement” (The New York Times, April 10, 2024).

Officials from Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and ICE Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) announced the launch of a new fentanyl interdiction operation, which they are calling “Operation Plaza Spike.” Data from the first five months of fiscal year 2024 show CBP’s fentanyl seizures down 27 percent compared to the first five months of fiscal year 2023.

The operation is beginning in Nogales; CBP’s Tucson field office, which includes the Nogales port of entry, currently seizes the most fentanyl of all 13 U.S.-Mexico border CBP field offices and Border Patrol sectors. One new tactic would be “releasing the name of the plazas’ senior ranking cartel officials, the ‘plaza bosses,’ to increase public and law enforcement pressure on them.”

“Cbp Announces Next Phase in Fight Targeting Criminals Funneling Fentanyl Into American Communities” (U.S. Customs and Border Protection, April 10, 2024).
“Operation Plaza Spike Press Conference” (DVIDS (U.S. Department of Defense), April 10, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

Spain’s El País reported about Haitian migrants who are starting new lives in Mexico City after applying for asylum in Mexico’s system. More than 70,000 Haitians (including children born in Brazil or Chile) have applied for Mexican asylum since 2022.

Diego Gomez Pickering, “Work and Peace: A Growing Number of Haitians, Dreaming of a Better Future, Make Their Home in Mexico City” (El Pais (Spain), April 10, 2024).

A visual report from the Financial Times illustrated the Darién Gap’s transformation from an impenetrable jungle barrier straddling Colombia and Panama, to an organized crime-dominated route used by over 520,000 migrants in 2023.

Irene de la Torre Arenas, Lucy Rodgers, Michael Stott, “The Migrant Highway That Could Sway the Us Election” (Financial Times (UK), April 10, 2024).

The New York Times published a report from an outdoor encampment along the border near Campo, California, where asylum seekers wait for hours or days to turn themselves in to Border Patrol. The camp, in a very remote area of the border, formed this year after Mexico placed National Guard personnel at more accessible breaks in the border wall near Jacumba Springs, California. The article features 22-year-old volunteer Peter Fink, who is coordinating humanitarian relief efforts there.

Emily Baumgaertner, “24 Hours at a Makeshift Refuge for Migrants in the California Wilderness” (The New York Times, April 11, 2024).
On the Right
Neil Munro, “Joe Biden Praises Mexico’s Border Plan, Dangles Border Curbs as Latino Support Sags” (Breitbart, April 10, 2024).
Craig Mccarthy, “Bipartisan Group of Ny Pols Call on Biden to Finally Address Us Border ‘War Zone’ as City’s Migrant Crisis Rages On” (The New York Post, April 10, 2024).
April 10, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 10, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

President Joe Biden told a Univision interviewer that he is still exploring executive actions to limit access to asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border.

A measure to “shut down” asylum when daily migrant encounters cross a certain threshold was part of a “border deal” that failed in the Senate in early February.

Without such a measure in the law, it is not clear what legal backing Biden could have for using executive authority to deny the right to seek asylum, which the Refugee Act of 1980 guarantees. “There’s no guarantee that I have that power all by myself without legislation,” Biden said. “And some have suggested I should just go ahead and try it. And if I get shut down by the court, I get shut down by the court.”

Eric Garcia, “Biden Blames Trump for Border Chaos in Univision Interview” (The Independent (UK), April 9, 2024).
Hans Nichols, “Biden Exploring if He Has “Power” to Shut Down Border Unilaterally” (Axios, April 9, 2024).

Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas is to testify about his department’s budget today in hearings before the House and Senate appropriations committees. Mayorkas is likely to endure criticism—and perhaps insults—about the Department’s border and migration policies from Republican legislators, especially in the Republican-majority House, which narrowly voted to impeach him in February. Next week (April 16), Mayorkas will appear before the House Homeland Security Committee, where the Republican leadership spearheaded its effort to impeach him.

Ellen M. Gilmer, “Mayorkas to Face House Republicans Who Spearheaded Impeachment” (Bloomberg Government, April 9, 2024).

The Democratic-majority Senate planned to spend a few hours on Thursday debating the Mayorkas impeachment while using procedural measures to “dispose” of it without going to a formal trial (which would have zero possibility of convicting Mayorkas). House Republicans, however, decided yesterday to delay their presentation of impeachment charges to the Senate for another week.

Mary Clare Jalonick, “Mayorkas Impeachment Trial Set to Start in Senate Next Week, but May Be Over Before It Starts” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 9, 2024).
Stef W. Kight, Stephen Neukam, “Senate Democrats to Dismiss Mayorkas Charges, Skip Full Impeachment Trial” (Axios, April 9, 2024).
Burgess Everett, “How Senate Dems Plan to Quickly ‘Dispose’ of Mayorkas Trial” (Politico, April 9, 2024).
Michael Wilner, “Alejandro Mayorkas Still Believes in the Promise of America’s Immigrants” (The Miami Herald, April 9, 2024).

Recent years’ sharp rises in migrant deaths continue in Border Patrol’s El Paso Sector, which includes the border in far west Texas and all of New Mexico. After a record 149 remains recovered there in the 2023 fiscal year, the death toll stands at 34 halfway through the 2024 fiscal year, and the hot summer months are yet to come. Dehydration, heat exhaustion, and drowning are the principal causes of death.

“Lauren Villagran @Laurenvillagran on Twitter” (Twitter, April 9, 2024).
Julian Resendiz, “Campaign Warns Migrants About Dangers of Deserts, Mountains and Canals” (Border Report, April 9, 2024).

The Border Chronicle published an interview with Bryce, a volunteer with No More Deaths who led the project that produced a report and database, published in March, documenting migrant deaths in the El Paso sector. In June 2023, he said, “something like 40 percent more people died in Doña Ana County in New Mexico than the entire state of Arizona. Most of these deaths were close to the highway or close to a town.”

Melissa del Bosque, “A New Report Shows Skyrocketing Deaths in el Paso, New Mexico Border Region” (The Border Chronicle, April 9, 2024).

Guatemala’s La Hora reported on the Trump-era border wall “improvements” that contributed to the fatality of migrant Heidy Poma Pérez’s March 21 fall from the border wall near San Diego. Friends and relatives have set up a GoFundMe to pay for the repatriation of her remains.

Sergio Morales, “Cuáles Son las Dimensiones del Muro Fronterizo Donde Ocurrió la Tragedia de una Guatemalteca el Mes Pasado” (La Hora (Guatemala), April 9, 2024).

The House of Representatives’ Rules Committee cleared the way for prompt consideration of a resolution, introduced by Rep. Tony Gonzales (R-Texas), “Denouncing the Biden administration’s immigration policies.”

The resolution from Gonzales, who represents the largest congressional district along the border and is facing a primary runoff challenger on his right wing, states that “the Biden administration has allowed at least 6,400,000 illegal aliens from the southwest border to travel to American communities.” In fact, the latest (April 5) report from the DHS Office of Homeland Security Statistics, current through December, shows a total of 3,356,380 CBP releases since January 2021.

Julian Resendiz, “Gonzales: Biden Has Let in 9.5 Million Migrants” (Border Report, April 9, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

The American Immigration Council’s Adriel Orozco shared an overview of what is in the U.S. government’s 2024 Homeland Security appropriation, which became law on March 23. It recalls that the budget package includes substantial increases for CBP and ICE. It cuts funding for the Case Management Pilot Program, which helps keep released migrants in the immigration system without GPS surveillance, and the Shelter and Services Program (SSP), which supports nonprofits that receive migrants released from custody.

Adriel Orozco, “Fy 2024 Government Funding Package Is a Mixed-Bag on Immigration” (American Immigration Council, April 9, 2024).

The cuts to the SSP will deal a blow to cities receiving migrants, both at the border and in the U.S. interior, reported a second American Immigration Council post, from Juan Avilez.

Juan Avilez, “The Federal Government Is Cutting Aid for Migrant Shelters and Services. What Will States Do Now?” (American Immigration Council, April 9, 2024).

The Texas state government’s military “Forward Operating Base” under construction near Eagle Pass could cost up to $400 million to maintain by 2026, recalled Bob Libal at Human Rights Watch.

Bob Libal, “Texas Constructing Massive Anti-Migrant Military Base” (Human Rights Watch, April 9, 2024).

The conservative talking point about young migrant men being “military age males,” and thus threatening, can be traced back to Obama-era use of the term to describe civilian men killed by drone strikes in Afghanistan and Pakistan.

Matthew Petti, “How Obama Gave Trump the ‘Military-Age Males’ Talking Point” (Reason, April 9, 2024).
On the Right
Matthew Tragesser, “Threat From China Is Growing at Our Southern Border” (Heritage Foundation, The Washington Times, April 9, 2024).
April 9, 2024 —  0
WOLA Podcast: A Groundbreaking Win at the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs

I share an office with John Walsh, who runs WOLA’s Drug Policy Program. In late March, he came back from a trip to Vienna very amped up about what had happened at a big UN meeting there. I needed some context to understand why it was a big deal that a UN body passed a resolution with the words “harm reduction” in it, but once he told me the story, yes, it was a big deal.

Here’s a podcast conversation about what happened last month, with John, Ann Fordham of the International Drug Policy Consortium, and Lisa Sánchez of México Unido Contra la Delincuencia. Even if, like me, you’re not a close follower of drug policy diplomacy, you’re going to find this episode interesting because three experts with decades of experience at this are telling what turns out to be an inspiring story.

Here’s the text from WOLA’s podcast landing page:

On March 14-22, 2024, the UN Commission on Narcotic Drugs (CND) held its 67th annual session in Vienna, Austria. The session saw a landmark vote that may have important repercussions for drug policy, in Latin America and elsewhere.

The Commission approved a U.S.-led resolution encouraging countries to implement “harm reduction” measures to respond to drug overdoses and to protect public health.

The vote marks a major breakthrough in civil society’s decades-long advocacy to center harm reduction, especially since the U.S. government has a history of blocking all such resolutions, and since the Commission has a longstanding tradition of enactment by a “Vienna Consensus” without votes.

This episode features three guests who helped lead civil society’s robust participation at the CND:

Ann Fordham, executive director of International Drug Policy Consortium (IDPC)
Lisa Sanchez, executive director of México Unido Contra la Delincuencia (MUCD)
John Walsh, director for drug policy and the Andes at WOLA

The three experts underscore that while the vote on this resolution was a major win in the civil society-led harm reduction fight, it is just one milestone along a longer journey. The fight must continue to ensure this sets the foundation for an international drug policy that truly prioritizes protecting people, views drug addiction as a public health and not a national security issue, and moves away from the normative framework of achieving a “drug free society” through punitive measures and prohibition.

“The prohibition regime has tried to make itself inevitable and ‘forever,’ and that’s not the case… There’s no reason to think that it needs to last forever. In fact, as we said, it was a misfit from the very beginning,” says John Walsh. “Drug use has always existed, it always will. To suggest that we’re going to create a ‘drug-free world’ is not only futile, but it’s downright dangerous because of its consequences… I think this is an opening to think more broadly about not just the UN drug policy space, but what governments need to do for the health, safety, and well-being of their populations.”

Download the podcast .mp3 file here. Listen to WOLA’s Latin America Today podcast on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, iHeartRadio, or wherever you subscribe to podcasts. The main feed is here.

April 9, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 9, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Mexico’s Foreign Relations Department announced that as of April 20, the Mexican government will begin requiring visas of citizens of Peru arriving in the country, by air or otherwise.

Mexico has taken this step before to stop the flow of South American migrants flying to the country and traveling to the U.S. border to turn themselves in to U.S. authorities. It changed visa procedures for Ecuadorian citizens in August 2021; Venezuelan citizens in January 2022; and Brazilian citizens in August 2022.

Each time, the Mexican visa restriction caused a short-term drop in that nationality’s migration to the United States. In the case of Ecuador and Venezuela migration recovered to previous levels, however, as sharply increased numbers of those countries’ citizens opted to take the dangerous route through the Darién Gap straddling Colombia and Panama. We can expect to see an increase in the number of Peruvian citizens migrating through the Darién Gap.

The restriction on visas for Peru is unusual because Peru, like Colombia, is part of a four-country arrangement (the “Pacific Alliance” uniting Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and Peru) that allowed visa-free travel.

Mexico’s decision may owe to a U.S. suggestion, but also to souring relations between Mexico and Peru. Relations between Mexico and Colombia remain cordial, and Colombian citizens may still fly to Mexico visa-free (though they must demonstrate that they have activities planned during their stay in Mexico).

Visas (Secretaria de Relaciones Exteriores (Mexico), Friday, April 5, 2024).

Panamanian security and migration authorities held a press conference yesterday to dispute the findings of an April 3 Human Rights Watch (HRW) report that found the Colombian and Panamanian governments failing to protect the hundreds of thousands of migrants passing through the Darién Gap.

According to a release, National Migration Service director Samira Gozaine “assured that this report does not reflect reality and has a hidden purpose that only they know.”
The director of Panama’s border police (SENAFRONT) said that since 2021, his forces have dismantled 170 jungle encampments and arrested 321 people for crimes against migrants.
Public Security Minister Juan Manuel Pino said that Panama’s government has chartered five flights next week to deport people whom biometric exams revealed to have criminal records.
The officials said that over 114,000 migrants have passed through the Darién Gap since January 1, up from 109,069 as of March 31 (it is not clear what the cutoff date is for the 114,000 figure).
“Panama: Unico Pais en la Region Que Ha Atendido la Crisis Migratoria” (Ministerio de Seguridad Pública (Panama), April 8, 2024).
“Autoridades Panamenas Rechazan Informe de Human Rights Watch” (Servicio Nacional de Migración (Panama), April 8, 2024).

Thanks in large part to the establishment of U.S.-backed “Safe Mobility Offices” in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Guatemala, the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program has already—six months into fiscal 2024—broken its full-year record for the number of refugees admitted from Latin America and the Caribbean.

“Kathleen Bush-Joseph @kathleenbushjo2 on Twitter” (Twitter, April 8, 2024).

California’s attorney general visited the San Diego border to discuss fentanyl smuggling. CBP’s San Diego Field Office was the number-one location for fentanyl seizures until mid-2022, when the agency’s Tucson, Arizona field office began to exceed San Diego most months.

During the first five months of fiscal 2024, fentanyl seizures at the border are 27 percent behind where they were during the first five months of fiscal 2023. Nationwide, including ports, airports, and the Canada border, fentanyl seizures are down 24 percent. This is the first notable decline in fentanyl seizures since the drug first appeared.

At the U.S.-Mexico border so far in 2024, as usual, about 86 percent of fentanyl seizures have occurred at ports of entry. Border Patrol seized an additional 6 percent at interior vehicle checkpoints.

Salvador Rivera, “California Attorney General Visits Border, Talks About Fight Versus Fentanyl” (Border Report, April 8, 2024).

The Heritage Foundation, a longtime conservative think-tank now closely associated with former president Donald Trump, has notified Republican senators that it will keep score of any votes against holding an impeachment trial for Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.

Anna Giaritelli, “Heritage Action Puts Senate Republicans on Notice for Mayorkas Impeachment Trial” (The Washington Examiner, April 8, 2024).
Ted Hesson, “Why Republicans Impeached Biden’s Top Border Official Mayorkas” (Reuters, Reuters, April 8, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

A story at Border Report expanded on the finding of a report about migrant deaths in El Paso, published last month by No More Deaths: that CBP routinely undercounts the actual number of migrants who die on U.S. soil.

Julian Resendiz, “Groups: Cbp Undercounting Migrant Deaths on the Border” (Border Report, April 8, 2024).

A Sacramento Bee analysis noted that many Latino immigrants in the United States, some of whom have lived for years undocumented, voice “frustration” with asylum seekers being released at the border and given a temporary documented status by “an immigration system pitting immigrant Latinos against each other.” A January 2024 UC Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies poll found 63 percent of Latino respondents in California considered undocumented immigrants to be a major or minor “burden.”

Mathew Miranda, “Latinos Are Growing Frustrated and Angry About Migrants and the Border. Here’s Why” (The Sacramento Bee, April 9, 2024).

The Miami Herald reported on the Tren de Aragua, an organized crime group that emerged in recent years from Venezuela’s prisons. A Venezuelan opposition-aligned intelligence analyst told the Herald that members of the group “have been quietly entering different areas of the U.S., including Florida, Chicago and New York.”

Antonio MarÍa Delgado, “Crime Concerns Grow as Members of a Violent Venezuelan Gang Arrive in American Cities” (The Miami Herald, April 9, 2024).

Voice of America profiled Chinese asylum seekers who, after taking long and expensive journeys to the United States via the U.S.-Mexico border, are opting to return to China, either after failing credible fear interviews while in custody, or due to “loneliness, deceit [including labor exploitation], or family pressure.”

Tracy Liu, “Regretting Coming to Us, Some Chinese Immigrants Return Home” (Voice of America, April 8, 2024).
On the Right
Simon Hankinson, “My Look Inside Biden’s Illegal Immigrant Catch-and-Release Craziness: The Borderline” (Heritage Foundation, The Daily Signal, April 8, 2024).
Adam Shaw, “Abbott Sends Biden Message on ‘Sovereign Authority’ as Texas National Guard Reinforces Border Razor Fencing” (Fox News, April 8, 2024).
April 8, 2024 —  0
Latin America-Related Events in Washington and Online This Week

(Events that I know of, anyway. All times are U.S. Eastern.)

Monday, April 8, 2024
3:00 at Wilson Center Zoom: Discussing Mexico’s First Presidential Debate (RSVP required).
6:00 at George Washington University: Elections and Electoral Democracy in Latin America (RSVP required).
Tuesday, April 9, 2024
8:30-5:30 at Georgetown Law School: Protecting Environmental Defenders in an Age of Climate Emergency (RSVP required).
9:30-12 at Zoom: Transitional Justice in Colombia: The Environment as-and-for Transitional Justice (RSVP required).
11:30-12:30 at the Wilson Center and online: Book Presentation: Siete Presidentes y el Crimen Organizado (1982-2023) by Sergio Aguayo (RSVP required).
12:00 at Zoom: Estallido de violencia en #Chiapas: ¿Qué está pasando en la zona fronteriza? (RSVP required).
2:30 in Room 138 Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Appropriations Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee on A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request for the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Wednesday, April 10, 2024
10:00 in Room 2359 Rayburn House Office Building: Hearing of the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee on Fiscal Year 2025 Request for the Department of Homeland Security.
10:00 in Room 419 Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on FY2025 United States Agency for International Development Budget Request.
10:00 in Room 310 Cannon House Office Building: Hearing of the House Homeland Security Committee on markup of several border and migration-related bills.
10:15 in Room 1324 Longworth House Office Building: Hearing of the House Natural Resources Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on Biden’s Border Crisis: Examining the Impacts of International Cartels Targeting Indian Country.
12:00-1:00 at Georgetown University: Latin America Research Seminar: “From Archive to Adaptation and Voice”.
2:00-3:00 at the Carnegie Endowment and online: Pivotal States: The Venezuela Problem (RSVP required).
2:30 in Room 219 Dirksen Senate Office Building: Hearing of the Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee on A Review of the President’s Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request for the Department of Homeland Security.
4:00 at Georgetown University and online: U.S.-Mexico Presidential Elections: Insights from a Former Ambassador on the Critical Issues (RSVP required).
4:30 at LASA Zoom: Panel Discussion with Francisco Sagasti, Former President of Peru (RSVP required).
Thursday, April 11, 2024
9:00-10:00 at the Inter-American Dialogue: New Infrastructure—Emerging Trends in Chinese Investment in Latin America (RSVP required).
3:00 on Zoom: Im/Mobility in Migratory Contexts (RSVP required).
Friday, April 12, 2024
1:30 at the Atlantic Council and online: Local perspectives: Unlocking US-Colombia ties on development and democracy (RSVP required).
April 8, 2024 —  0
Daily Border Links: April 8, 2024

Get daily links in your email

Developments

Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas told reporters that the U.S. and Chinese governments are discussing increasing the currently very small number of Chinese citizens whom Beijing allows to be aerially deported back to China.

The latest monthly report on ICE deportation flights from Witness at the Border noted that a plane did take migrants back to South Korea and China in March. With eight Chinese nationals aboard, NBC News noted, this flight was an example of “expensive and logistically challenging ‘Special High-Risk Charter’ flights, sometimes via South Korea.”

David Noriega and Julia Ainsley, “U.S. and China in High-Level Talks to Deport More Chinese Nationals, Mayorkas Says” (NBC News, April 5, 2024).
Tom Cartwright, ICE Air Flights Mar 2024 and last 12 months (Witness at the Border, April 3, 2024).

Mayorkas added that Texas’s use of razor-sharp concertina wire along the Rio Grande is a problem. “We do not consider concertina wire to be effective. It impairs Customs and Border Protection’s ability to do its job, and we’re also seeing migrants rather easily cutting concertina wire,” the Secretary said.

Camilo Montoya-Galvez, “Mayorkas Denounces Gov. Abbott’s Efforts to Fortify Border With Razor Wire, Says Migrants “Easily Cutting” Barriers” (CBS News, April 5, 2024).

The Texas state National Guard has now extended its coils of concertina wire to the very edge of the Rio Grande in El Paso, to prevent asylum seekers from reaching U.S. soil and trying to turn themselves in to the federal Border Patrol farther up the riverbank. At parts of the El Paso border, asylum seekers have been encamped on the U.S. bank of the river, awaiting a chance to turn themselves in despite the heavy presence of Texas soldiers and police.

“Migrantes en Mexico Denuncian Que Texas Coloca Nueva Barricada” (EFE, Efecto Cocuyo (Venezuela), April 6, 2024).

In California, San Diego County authorities said that CBP had released 24,000 mostly asylum-seeking migrants onto the city’s streets since late February, when county funding for migrant reception shelters ran out.

Salvador Rivera, “County Supervisor Says 24,000 Migrants Released in San Diego Since Late February” (Border Report, April 5, 2024).

A “Migrant Via Crucis” caravan that began the week before Easter has now walked through much of Mexico’s southernmost state of Chiapas, with some arriving in Oaxaca. While the original participants have dwindled, more migrants have joined the procession. Human rights defenders said that some participants had an altercation with vehicles full of armed men, likely members of an organized crime group.

Jhonatan Gonzalez, “Crimen Organizado Amenaza a Migrantes Que Pasan por Chiapas” (Milenio (Mexico), April 7, 2024).
Ramon Bragana, “Caravana ‘Viacrucis Migrante’ Llega a Juchitan, Oaxaca” (Milenio (Mexico), April 6, 2024).

In Empalme, Sonora, Mexican soldiers threatened humanitarian workers who were offering assistance to migrants near the local railroad tracks. The director of the town’s Casa Franciscana shelter said a soldier told her, “You are on the list,” adding “It’s the first time that we encountered the Army doing something like this. We had a very good dialogue before.”

Jose Manuel Avalos, “Amenazan Militares a Activistas en Empalme, Sonora; ‘Estas en la Lista’, Dicen por Ayudar Migrantes” (Proyecto Puente (Mexico), April 5, 2024).

House Republicans’ impeachment of DHS Secretary Mayorkas, alleging that his management of the border and migration constitute “high crimes and misdemeanors,” is likely to end quickly in the Senate as the U.S. Congress reconvenes this week. An actual conviction, which would require a two-thirds vote in the Democratic-majority Senate, is impossible, and Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-New York) will probably use other procedural maneuvers to prevent an actual trial from happening.

Richard Cowan, “Republican Impeachment of Biden’s Border Chief May See Swift End in Senate” (Reuters, Reuters, April 8, 2024).
Al Weaver, “Schumer Lays Out Senate to-Do List With Mayorkas Impeachment on Deck” (The Hill, April 5, 2024).

Former top border and migration agency officials, including Rodney Scott, who was chief of Border Patrol for the first several months of Joe Biden’s administration, flanked Donald Trump during a campaign event with a non-profit called “Border911.”

“Scott Nicol @scott_nicoltx on Twitter” (Twitter, April 5, 2024).

The foreign ministers of Panama and Colombia met on April 5 for a discussion of issues including migration through the Darién Gap region that straddles their common border. The two governments’ discussions of migration cooperation have been uncommon.

Manuel Vega Loo, “Cancilleres de Panama y Colombia se Reunen para Coordinar Temas de Seguridad y Migracion” (La Estrella (Panama), April 5, 2024).

The foreign ministers said they disagreed with an April 3 Human Rights Watch report documenting both governments’ lack of coordination and governance in the Darién region.

“Canciller de Colombia Le Responde a Hrw y Dice Que No Han Descuidado el Darien” (El Espectador (Colombia), April 5, 2024).

“Five men were killed early Friday, bringing the total to 21 homicide victims in the first five days of April” in Ciudad Juárez, across the border from El Paso, noted Border Report.

Julian Resendiz, “Juarez Police Deal With Multiple Murders, Kidnappings in Single Morning” (Border Report, April 5, 2024).
Analyses and Feature Stories

An Associated Press analysis looked at Democrats’ election-year effort to neutralize the border security issue, seeking to convince voters that Republicans “playing games” with the border are to blame for current challenges.

Stephen Groves, “Democrats Lean Into Border Security as It Shapes Contest for Control of Congress” (Associated Press, Associated Press, April 6, 2024).
Sandra Sanchez, “Allred Calls Migrant Surge a ‘Crisis,’ Urges Senate to Pass Border Security Bill” (Border Report, April 5, 2024).

The Christian Science Monitor and Time, in an article by NYU professor Kevin Kenny, examined how the Texas state government’s actions at the border are challenging federal control over migration policy.

Henry Gass, Sarah Matusek, “Texas National Guard Tests State Authority on Us Southern Border” (The Christian Science Monitor, April 5, 2024).
Kevin Kenny, “Texas Is Trying to Upend Who Controls Immigration Policy” (New York University, Time, April 5, 2024).

Violent crime is dropping in the United States, and is lower in states with so-called “sanctuary cities” than elsewhere, wrote Caitlin Bellis in an analysis puncturing the “migrant crime” narrative for the National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers’ Guild.

Caitlin Bellis, “We Need to Talk About Safety” (National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers’ Guild, April 5, 2024).

At Semafor, Jordan Weissman highlighted data indicating that the increase in migration at the U.S.-Mexico border may be buoying the robust current level of U.S. economic growth.

Jordan Weissmann, “The Border Crisis Might Be a Boon for the Economy” (Semafor, April 5, 2024).

The Los Angeles Times profiled iACT, a nonprofit that has organized soccer activities for children of asylum seekers stranded in northern Mexico border cities.

“How an l.A. Humanitarian Group Is Using Soccer to Help Children Stuck at Mexico Border” (The Los Angeles Times, April 8, 2024).
On the Right
Martin Gurri, “Broken Us Border Fosters Disrespect and Is an Affront to Our Country” (The New York Post, April 7, 2024).
Michael Dorgan, “Illegal Migrant Deported 8 Times With 11 Arrests Now Charged With Murder in Ohio: ‘Our Border Is Broken’” (Fox News, April 5, 2024).
April 5, 2024 —  0
Weekly U.S.-Mexico Border Update: April 5, 2024

With this series of weekly updates, WOLA seeks to cover the most important developments at the U.S.-Mexico border. See past weekly updates here.

Support ad-free, paywall-free Weekly Border Updates. Your donation to WOLA is crucial to sustain this effort. Please contribute now and support our work.

THIS WEEK IN BRIEF:
Migration appears to have slowed in March, likely because of a Mexican government crackdown

The number of migrants entering Border Patrol custody declined from February to March, by about 2 percent, according to preliminary data. Migration usually increases in spring: this is only the second time this century that Border Patrol has recorded a February-to-March decline. Increased enforcement in Mexico may be a cause. Weekly data show Border Patrol apprehensions declining in Arizona and California from the beginning of March to the end of March.

In San Diego: border wall falls and open-air encampments persist

A 24-year-old Guatemalan woman’s fatal March 21 fall from the border wall in San Diego drew new attention to the region’s sharply increased numbers of wall-related deaths and injuries. Elsewhere in San Diego, a federal judge ruled that outdoor encampments where Border Patrol makes asylum seekers wait to be processed violate a 1997 agreement governing the treatment of children in the agency’s custody.

Texas’s S.B. 4 has a day in court

“Now, to be fair, maybe Texas went too far,” said Texas’s solicitor general in arguments before the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is considering the constitutionality of the state’s harsh new law, S.B. 4. The law, if allowed to go into effect, would permit Texas law enforcement to arrest, imprison, and even deport people for the crime of illegal entry from Mexico. However the appeals court rules, the law is almost certainly headed for the Supreme Court.

Darién Gap migration clears 100,000; Human Rights Watch faults governments’ response

Panamanian authorities report that an average of 1,200 people per day migrated through the treacherous Darién Gap jungle region during the first quarter of 2024, well ahead of 2023’s record-setting pace. Human Rights Watch published a big report finding fault with the Colombian and Panamanian government’s responses to Darién Gap migration, and calling for the U.S. and other governments to expand legal migration pathways. The New York Times documented the alarming recent increase in cases of sexual assault committed against migrants in the Darién.

THE FULL UPDATE:
READ MORE
OLDER POSTS
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://adamisacson.com/2024/04/ 
 ----- 
