Skip to content
City AM
Main navigation
DOWNLOAD FREE APP
Wednesday 11 September 2024 12:01 am  |  Updated:  Tuesday 10 September 2024 8:05 pm
Aussies in town as England white-ball team looks for rebuild

By:
Matt Hardy

Deputy Sports Editor

Share
It seems like we’ve only just stopped talking about English cricket and indeed we had – the Test series finished less than 48 hours ago – but it’s already back on the agenda today as the white-ball side get set to face Australia across T20 and ODI series.

It seems like we’ve only just stopped talking about English cricket and indeed we had – the Test series finished less than 48 hours ago – but it’s already back on the agenda today as the white-ball side get set to face Australia across T20 and ODI series.

Marcus Trescothick is standing in as coach until Test supremo Brendon McCullum expands his role to the two white-ball formats from January, so this series against the Green and Golds could be key to determining who stays in the mix.

With eight white-ball matches incoming across the next month, here are three things to watch out for.

Seasoned Salt

White-ball captain Jos Buttler is out of the series with a hamstring injury, meaning Phil Salt will step up as captain.

The Welshman, who plays for Lancashire, made his T20 debut against the West Indies in 2022 and was part of the 20-over side who faced India in June at the T20 World Cup.

The explosive opener has risen in popularity among the England faithful and is seen as a long-term option at the top of the order despite already being 28.

He will also become the first Welsh-born cricketer to lead an international England side on Welsh soil when he takes on the Aussies in Cardiff on Friday.

England last chance saloon

Who is in and who is out of favour with McCullum? Trescothick will be interim white-ball head coach until 2025 but the incoming McCullum is bound to be looking at the side this month.

READ MORE
Springboks enter long-term deal with British rugby brand Rhino

When he was confirmed as white-ball coach McCullum insisted he was keen on working with captain Buttler, but whether the off-form Manchester Originals star is backed remains to be seen.

Elsewhere there are a number of senior players in the squad who are heading towards the twilight of their careers. Will the coaching team hand them early pensions like the Test set-up did with James Anderson? Or will they let them come to their own honourable conclusion, as was the case with Moeen Ali last week?

England underperformed at the T20 World Cup earlier this year and last year they flopped when defending their ODI World Cup, so all eyes are on whether the side have made drastic improvements.

Hybrid Hysteria

The final and potentially deciding match of the ODI series will take place at Gloucestershire’s Seat Unique Stadium in Bristol.

But the choice of ground is controversial, with umpires forced to call off a County Championship match in the South West due to a poor – hybrid – pitch.

To counteract the claims that their surface isn’t up to hosting internationals, Gloucestershire will next week host a “hybrid pitch walkthrough”.

Peter Matthews, chair at Gloucestershire Cricket, said: “Like many of us, I have little understanding of the mechanics of a hybrid pitch and think it is an excellent idea from the operations and ground staff team to provide some insight. I will be there and look forward to seeing those of you who are able to come along too.”

Let’s hope it doesn’t come down to a controversial finish.

England T20 schedule
1st IT20: v Australia, Wednesday 11 September 2024, Utilita Bowl (6.30pm start)
2nd IT20: v Australia, Friday 13 September 2024, Sophia Gardens (6.30pm start)
3rd IT20: v Australia, Sunday15 September 2024, Emirates Old Trafford (2.30pm start)
England ODI schedule
1st ODI: v Australia, Thursday 19 September 2024, Trent Bridge, (12.30pm start)
2nd ODI: v Australia, Saturday 21 September 2024, Headingley (11.00am start)
3rd ODI: v Australia, Tuesday 24 September 2024, Seat Unique Riverside (12.30pm start)
4th ODI: v Australia, Friday 27 September 2024, Lord’s (12.30pm start)
5th ODI: v Australia, Sunday 29 September 2024, Seat Unique Stadium (11.00am start)
READ MORE
Improving galloper can put Fire back in Yip’s heart

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Similarly tagged content:
Sections
NEWS
Categories
BUSINESS
Trending Articles
How fast will the Bank of England cut interest rates in 2025?
Thames Water to avoid state bailout, the FTSE 100 at 7900 and an ITV bid: my predictions for UK plc in 2025
Why the gold price will continue to rally in 2025
Firm slams City as it plans to leave the London Stock Exchange
MORE FROM CITY AM
Springboks enter long-term deal with British rugby brand Rhino
SPORT BUSINESS
Improving galloper can put Fire back in Yip’s heart
SPORT
AdornMonde: Top deals on gold earrings necklaces, bracelets and piercings
LIFE&STYLE
England new boy gets central contract and another chance to impress
SPORT
Best Bingo Sites: The Best UK Online Bingo in 2025
BETTING
Southeastern boss: Success is not about public or private ownership
TRANSPORT AND INFRASTRUCTURE
The best gifts for toddlers 2024: From Paw Patrol to Barbie
CURATED
The Capitalist: King tickles Starmer, a French misstep and Blair’s good advice
BUSINESS
SUBSCRIBE

Subscribe to the City AM newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up to our newsletters you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
About Us
Advertising
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
News
Markets & Economics
Opinion
Life&Style
City AM Studios
Got A Story?
The Punter
City AM Curated
Wine
Casino

FOLLOW US FOR BREAKING NEWS AND LATEST UPDATES

Newsletters
Latest paper
Advertising
About
Tickets
Copyright 2025 City AM Limited
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Find out more
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cityam.com/aussies-in-town-as-england-white-ball-team-looks-for-rebuild/ 
 ----- 
