Arab News Friday .  December 13, 2024
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Middle-East
Saudi Arabia
Business & Economy
Sport
Kingdom’s ambassador to UN appeals to General Assembly members to join Saudi-French conference to resolve Palestinian issue
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Italy beat Israel in Nations League
Italy beat Israel in Nations League
Italy's Moise Kean celebrates scoring their second goal with Federico Dimarco, Giacomo Raspadori and Davide Frattesi on September 9, 2024. (Reuters)
Short Url

https://arab.news/5vbs7

Updated 10 September 2024
AFP
September 10, 2024 00:03
231
     
 Follow

BUDAPEST: Italy continued their post-Euro 2024 recovery on Monday with a tight 2-1 Nations League win over Israel in Budapest.

	

For the latest updates, follow us @ArabNewsSport

Goals in each half from Davide Frattesi and Moise Kean were enough for Italy to win in a subdued atmosphere at the Bozsik Arena which hosted the Israel home fixture due to the security situation in the Middle East.

Luciano Spalletti’s team have reacted well to their disastrous European Championship title defense, which ended at the last-16 stage, and were deserved winners on a soaking night in the Hungarian capital.

The crowd of 2,000 fans meant Monday’s match didn’t have the feel of a senior international match, with the main off-pitch event coming during Israel’s national anthem ahead of kick-off, when a small group of Italy fans turned their backs to the pitch.

The Azzurri were slow starters as they were in Friday’s 3-1 win over France in Paris, but were not punished by Israel and grew into the match.

By the time Frattesi chested home Federico Dimarco’s pinpoint cross in the 38th minute, his sixth international goal since Spalletti replaced Roberto Mancini just over a year ago, Italy were firmly on top.

Sagiv Jehezkel should have levelled for Israel just after half-time when he failed to divert Dor Peretz’s scuffed shot past Gianluigi Donnarumma from close range.

But in the 62nd minute Fiorentina striker Kean scored his first Italy goal in almost exactly three years to seal the points, with Mohamed Abu Fani’s strike in the final minute too late for Israel to mount a comeback.

       Follow
Topics: ITALY UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
You May Also Like
Bikini Trends In 2023/2024 Might Surprise You
Swimsuits | Search Ads
‘The pride I felt winning for my country was unparalleled’: Saudi Rocket League FIFAe World Cup...
arabnews
Stylish New Mobility Scooters Available for Seniors (Take a Look at Prices)
Mobility Scooter | Search Ads
Learn More
Trump already making waves with his foreign policy
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 104
France beat Belgium with Kolo Muani and Dembele goals
 1977
Mbappé could face a hostile home crowd when France host Italy in the Nations League
Roma defender Saud Abdulhamid makes history as 1st Saudi to score in European championship
Historic goal came with Roma already leading 1-0 against SC Braga in the Europa League group stage
Abdulhamid in August became the 1st Saudi player to join a top European side on a permanent basis
Updated 51 min 49 sec ago
ARAB NEWS
December 12, 2024 23:56
754
     

ROME: AS Roma’s right-back defender Saud Abdulhamid made history on Thursday after becoming the first Saudi player to score in a European championship when his club beat SC Braga 3-0.
Roma were leading 1-0 against their Portuguese rivals at Olimpico Stadium in the UEFA Europa League group stage when Abdulhameed scored his historic goal in the 47th minute, taking the score to 2-0.

Abdulhamid in August became the first Saudi player to join a top European side on a permanent basis, leaving Saudi powerhouse Al-Hilal to sign for AS Roma in Italy’s Serie A for a reported $3 million fee.

Since he joined the Serie A club at the beginning of 2024/2025 season, the 25-year-old defender has played five games — two in the Italian competition, and three in the Europa League.
Spanish defender Mario Hermoso scored Roma’s third goal.

       Follow
Topics: AS ROMA SAUD ABDULHAMID EUROPA LEAGUE
You May Also Like
Top 10 Most Gorgeous Women in the World.
OMGIFacts
EU diplomat to make contact with new Syria leaders in Damascus
arabnews
Vet Begs Dog Owners: Never Give This Toxic Meat To Your Dog
Experts In Pet Health
Moscow says ‘part’ of its diplomat ic personnel in Syria evacuated by plane
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
SPECIAL
 457
Abdulhamid to Roma is a huge deal for the player, Saudi Arabia and the region
 516
How Saudi agent Ahmed Almualim defied the odds to take Saud Abdulhamid to Roma
21 players advance in LIV Golf Promotions, led by Korea’s Jeunghun Wang
This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale
Updated 12 December 2024
ARAB NEWS
December 12, 2024 20:20
368
     

RIYADH: A dramatic opening round of LIV Golf Promotions on Thursday saw 21 players secure their spots in the second round at Riyadh Golf Club, including Jon Rahm’s former college roommate, rising talents from Brazil and Hong Kong, and one golfer using borrowed clubs.

This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale. The ultimate winner earns a coveted place in the 2025 LIV Golf League, while the top 10 will gain entry into all International Series events next year.

Korea’s Jeunghun Wang led the pack, finishing with a 7-under 64. His performance, highlighted by long putts and consistent play, put him atop the leaderboard.

“Some lucky shots went in, including some long putts, which helped me play well heading into tomorrow,” he said.

Close behind were five players tied for second on 65, while nine players shot 66. The final six players advanced by meeting the cutline of 4-under 67, leaving 43 others eliminated.

Among the standout players was 24-year-old Taichi Kho of Hong Kong, who carded a 6-under round featuring an eagle on the par-5 15th after a 355-yard drive.

Kho, who also advanced from the first round at last year’s Promotions tournament before being eliminated in the second round, emphasized the need to approach Friday’s round as a fresh start.

“Last year I couldn’t get past the fact that it was a clean reset after round 1,” he said.

“I remember last year I had a great first round as well, and I felt like I carried on some of those thoughts and feelings as I would do a regular tournament going into the second round, going into tomorrow, it’s important for me to just understand it’s a completely new day.”

Germany’s Max Rottluff, who shares a collegiate connection with LIV Golf star Jon Rahm, also shot 6-under. Rottluff credited Rahm for inspiring his career revival after nearly quitting golf in 2022. 

“We still talk quite a bit and whatnot, so it would be a dream come true to join those guys,” Rottluff said.

“I was considering giving it up back at the end of ‘22, and I spent a week with him, and that really kind of straightened out my head and went out and won two times that year on the Challenge Tour, kind of went back on a better trajectory again,” he added.

South Africa’s Ian Snyman, another standout with a 65, relished the opportunity to reconnect with LIV Golf. A former Cleeks GC player, he said: “It’s exciting. It’s something we all want to be part of. I like the team aspect.”

Mexico’s Jose Islas delivered a remarkable 66 despite playing with borrowed clubs, as his own equipment failed to arrive in Riyadh. Islas, who turned professional this year, demonstrated resilience and adaptability, even holing an eagle shot during a practice round. “It’s not about the clubs, it’s more about how I thought the shots I was going to hit,” he said.

Brazil’s Fred Biondi, the 2023 NCAA Individual Champion, and Spain’s Luis Masaveu, a former US Amateur semifinalist, also posted bogey-free 66s.

The opening round fostered camaraderie among players, with Ireland’s Mark Power, Spain’s Borja Virto and England’s David Horsey advancing together after strong performances.

Veteran American players Bo Hoag and Ollie Schniederjans also moved forward, with Hoag expressing excitement about the prospect of joining LIV Golf’s global schedule. “I think it would be fun,” he said.

       Follow
Topics: GOLF SAUDI ARABIA LIV GOLF
RELATED
 324
LIV Golf’s Iron Heads acquire rising Korea star Yubin Jang
 268
LIV Golf’s Herbert in charge at Australian Open, Smith two back
Dortmund to host Germany’s Nations League clash with Italy
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23
Updated 12 December 2024
AFP
December 12, 2024 16:51
104
     

DORTMUND: Dortmund’s Westfalenstadion will host the second leg of Germany’s Nations League quarter-final clash with Italy in March 2025, the German FA (DFB) announced Thursday.
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23, three days after the first leg at Milan’s San Siro.
In a statement, DFB sporting director Rudi Voeller said: “Dortmund is the perfect location for what is a football classic.”
Germany, who are in the Nations League knockouts for the first time, won their most recent game at the venue, a 2-0 victory over Denmark in the Euro 2024 quarter finals.
Unlike England’s Wembley and the Stade de France in Paris, Germany does not have a national football stadium, with games shared around the federal nation.

       Follow
Topics: UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE DFB GERMANY ITALY RUDI VOELLER
RELATED
 116
‘Not done yet’: Nagelsmann wants 2006 repeat for Euros hosts Germany
 1014
Croatia, Denmark qualify for Nations League quarterfinals with draws
Former F1 team owner Eddie Jordan reveals cancer diagnosis
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said
“Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully”
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 13:34
78
     

LONDON: Ex-Formula 1 team owner and media personality Eddie Jordan says he has been treated for “quite aggressive” cancer.
Speaking on the “Formula For Success” podcast which he hosts with former driver David Coulthard, Jordan said he was diagnosed this year and urged listeners to seek medical advice for any health concerns.
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said.
In response to comments from Coulthard regarding chemotherapy, Jordan added: “Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully.”
Irish businessman Jordan operated his own racing team in lower-level series before moving up to F1 in 1991, giving future seven-time champion Michael Schumacher his first race that year.
Other drivers over the years included Damon Hill, who won the 1996 championship with Williams, future Ferrari driver Rubens Barrichello and Heinz-Harald Frentzen, who was third in the championship for Jordan in 1999.
Jordan Grand Prix won four races before Jordan sold the team in 2005. Following more sales and name changes since then, the team competes as Aston Martin.
The 76-year-old Jordan also acted as the manager for car design great Adrian Newey when he left Red Bull for Aston Martin this year.

       Follow
Topics: FORMULA 1 EDDIE JORDAN CANCER
RELATED
 71
Harvey Weinstein diagnosed with bone marrow cancer: US media
 826
Ex-England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson dead at 76
Griezmann in PlayStation form has steered Atletico Madrid back on track
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 18:05
74
     

MADRID: Antoine Griezmann wishes he was as good in the real world as he is on PlayStation. Based on his performances with Atletico Madrid, he must be really good on the video game.
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak that has put the club back on track in the Champions League and Spanish league, where on Sunday they host Getafe with a chance to reach the top of the standings.
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid. Atletico and Madrid have a game in hand compared to Barcelona. The Catalan club host Leganes on Sunday, while Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano on Saturday.
Griezmann scored his sixth and seven goals in his last five matches in Atletico’s 3-1 win over Slovan Bratislava in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Álvarez scored his fifth goal in five matches.
Griezmann is a long-time fan of video games and used to make headlines for his Fortnite celebrations during that game’s hype a few years ago. The France star celebrated one of his goals at Metropolitano Stadium on Wednesday alongside Pablo Barrios and Giuliano Simeone, two of his PlayStation playing partners, imitating the moves they make on the video game.
“We play FIFA a lot and that’s the celebration we usually do when we play together,” Griezmann said. He quickly added, “We are better on the Play than we are on the field.”
Griezmann, named the man of the match against Slovan, scored his goals in the 42nd and 57th minutes, after Álvarez — who arrived from Manchester City for more than $100 million in August — put Atletico ahead with a nice curling finish to open the scoring in the 16th. Slovan’s lone goal came in the second half.
Atletico’s attack has been key for the team’s resurgence since an October loss at Real Betis in La Liga. Since then, Diego Simeone’s team have outscored opponents 30-7 across all competitions. They have scored three or more goals in each of their last five games, something that hadn’t happened since 1950, according to UEFA.
“We’ve been playing really well, and the team as a whole are performing excellently,” Álvarez said. “Everyone, even those coming off the bench, has been contributing to the team. We are on the right path, and we have to keep working this way. All the competitions are very challenging but we’ve been doing really well.”
The victory against Slovan moved Atletico to 11th place in the Champions League standings, in position to try to grab one of the top eight spots in the league phase.
“We needed the points. They were very important for us to carry on with this dynamic,” coach Simeone said. “The team is responding to the situations we find ourselves in in these games. This reflects well on the team.”

       Follow
Topics: ATLETICO MADRID UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE ANTOINE GRIEZMANN
RELATED
 80
Griezmann seals superb Atletico comeback in Sevilla thriller
Latest Updates
3 men say in lawsuits that Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs drugged and sexually assaulted them
 299
UN says 1.1 million newly displaced in Syria since offensive that toppled Assad
 754
Panama asks Trump to maintain US aid for deporting migrants
 351
Nearly half of US teens are online ‘constantly,’ Pew report finds
 148
Gaza rescuers say Israeli strikes kill 58, hit flour trucks
 1220
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How Sednaya’s liberation exposed decades of systematic torture under Syria’s Assad regime
 2497
MIDDLE-EAST
What does Assad’s downfall mean for the millions of Syrians displaced by war?
 1222
MIDDLE-EAST
From Al-Qaeda militant to Syrian statesman: The changing faces of Abu Mohammed Al-Golani
 3842
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2570735/sport 
 ----- 
