Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL East  /  New York Mets
Mets Clinch Playoff Berth over Braves
By Brooks Thomason
Photo by Rich von Biberstein/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images
Categories Atlanta Braves General Baseball New York Mets
September 30, 2024
Mets 8, Braves 7

The New York Mets clinched a playoff berth after a one-year absence from the playoffs with an 8–7 win Saturday afternoon at Truist Park over the Atlanta Braves. The Braves must win the second game of the doubleheader to make the playoffs, while the Arizona Diamondbacks root for a two-game sweep by the Mets. The Mets have made the playoffs after reaching unwanted numbers to start the 2024 season.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
Mets – Braves Game Summary

Tylor Megill and Spencer Schwellenbach traded zeroes for the first two innings. In the bottom of the third, Ozzie Albies launched a two-run home run to left field, giving the Braves an early 2–0 advantage. Later in the sixth, Ramon Laureano sent a solo shot that gave the Braves a 3–0 lead.

However, going into the eighth inning, Tyrone Taylor doubled, leaving Braves skipper Brian Snitker to pull the rookie. After, the Mets caught fire. Francisco Alavarez‘ RBI double started the rally, Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single, Jose Iglesias tied the game with a single, Mark Vientos brought home Lindor to give the Mets the lead, and Brandon Nimmo corked a home run to left field making it 6–3. In the bottom of the eighth, the Braves came back. With Edwin Diaz on the mound, Jarred Kelenic reached on an infield single. Ozzie Albies corked a base-clearing double to make it 7–6 Braves going into the bottom of the ninth. Pierce Johnson took over for the Braves. Lindor’s MVP ember came alive with a two-run home run that would lift the Mets to an 8–7 victory.

What Went Right for the Braves
Starting Pitching

Braves starting pitcher Spencer Schwellenbach tossed seven scoreless innings and went into the eighth, allowing four hits and striking out five. He has done well against the Mets, pitching 21 innings while allowing two earned runs across three games.

Ramon Laureano

Ramon Laureano went 3-for-5 for the Braves, with a home run to boost them towards this game. Laureano posts a .300 average across 66 games for the NL East Wildcard hopefuls.

Ozzie Albies

The second baseman for the Braves was hitting an abysmal .129 entering this game. Albies went 2-for-3, with a two-run home run and a three-run double.

What Went Wrong for the Braves
Top End Relief

The Braves entered the eighth inning up three runs. Going into the eighth, Joe Jimenez and Raisel Iglesias allowed five earned runs together, and only one out. The Braves used their strong arms to get the job done, and they could not. Both Iglesias and Jimenez were seen as the best relievers in the bullpen.

What Went Right for the Mets
The Long Ball

It was the home run that saved the day for the Mets. After their rally in the eighth from contact hitting, Nimmo’s two-run home run towered over the chop house to add on the lead. In the ninth, Lindor’s two-run shot made the difference, sending a shot towards the Braves bullpen and out. From all the sweet singles, the long ball made the biggest difference.

Slashing Hopes

The game’s momentum went back and forth between the two NL East rivals. After the Mets took the lead in the ninth inning, they did well to cut off the hope from the Braves to tie or walk it off. Edwin Diaz did his job to close it out in the ninth, bouncing back from the eighth.

What Went Wrong for the Mets
No Support for Megill

The Mets would like to avoid these moments as a team. Although the eighth and ninth inning created a magical moment to cap off a playoff clincher, they would like to forget about the first seven innings of scoreless ball. Megill allowed three runs, not a blow up start if the Mets could hang in there.

Ride the Momentum
After their explosive eighth inning, the Mets could’ve avoided a down slide in the bottom of the ninth if Edwin Diaz covered the bag on Kelenic’s infield single. Instead, the Braves went on to score four in the eighth. After a huge momentum swing in the top half, they needed to carry their energy to the bottom side.
Quick Hits

The Braves, with the loss, need to win game two to clinch a playoff date against the San Diego Padres on Tuesday. If not, the Braves will miss the postseason for the first time since 2017.

The Mets have made an improbable run to the playoffs this year. After struggling in the first half of the season, their red hot late summer and September push gave the Mets an unpredictable wild card appearance. A lot can be attributed to Francisco Lindor, but the whole team unit came together to make a memorable regular season rally.

Looking Ahead

Edwin Diaz (6–4) earned the win, with Pierce Johnson (6-6) taking the loss, both in relief.

The Mets (89–72) and Braves (88–73) will play the second game of the doubleheader on Saturday afternoon. It’s do or die for the Braves, while the Mets have “nothing” to play for. The Braves will start Grant Holmes (2-1, 3.78 ERA) after Chris Sale was ruled out due to back spasms. The Mets will let Joey Lucchesi (0-1 10.38) go out to break their rivals hearts.

 

More Atlanta Braves Articles
Article navigation
← Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
More General Baseball Articles
Article navigation
← Reliever Roundup and Bullpen Bonanza, Episode 14 — 2024 Relievers and Bullpens of the Year Awards
More New York Mets Articles
Article navigation
← Mets Acquire Jose Siri in Trade with Rays
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← 2024 NL Wild Card Picture Entering Sunday — Guide for Braves, Mets, and Diamondbacks
Mets Clinch Wild Card Spot →
 
Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Categories Atlanta Braves General Baseball New York Mets
Tags 2024 Atlanta Braves 2024 New York Mets
Share "Mets Clinch Playoff Berth over Braves" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More New York Mets News
Dodgers Slam Mets, Advance to World Series
New York Mets
Dodgers Rout Mets in Game Four of NLCS
New York Mets
Juan Soto Signs Record Breaking Deal with Mets
New York Mets
Mets Acquire Jose Siri in Trade with Rays
New York Mets
Dodgers Slam Mets, Advance to World Series
New York Mets
Dodgers Rout Mets in Game Four of NLCS
New York Mets
Juan Soto Signs Record Breaking Deal with Mets
New York Mets
Mets Acquire Jose Siri in Trade with Rays
New York Mets
Brooks Thomason

As a up and coming writer, Brooks has been born and raised as an Atlanta Braves fan. Going through the years of Jason Heyward, Justin Upton, and Brian McCann as a kid, to Freddie Freeman, and Acuña, Brooks has seen Braves stars come and go. However, his fandom always remains with Braves Country.

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Rohit Ancha on Orioles Get Back on Track Against Rangers
Breaking News
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
Reliever Roundup and Bullpen Bonanza, Episode 14 — 2024 Relievers and Bullpens of the Year Awards
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2024/09/30/mets-clinch-playoff-berth-over-braves/ 
 ----- 
