Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
2024 MLB playoff picture: Who clinched, plus scenarios, schedule
ESPN Illustration
ESPN
Sep 30, 2024, 07:15 PM ET

The 2024 MLB playoff field is -- finally -- set!

The New York Mets won the exhilarating first game of Monday's doubleheader and the Atlanta Braves won the second to both clinch postseason berths and officially eliminate the Arizona Diamondbacks. New York and Atlanta take the final two spots in the National League, where the Los Angeles Dodgers and Philadelphia Phillies have the top seeds, followed by the Milwaukee Brewers and San Diego Padres. In the American League, the New York Yankees and Cleveland Guardians have the top seeds, with the Baltimore Orioles, Houston Astros, Detroit Tigers and Kansas City Royals joining them.

Where do the current playoff matchups stand? What does the playoff schedule look like? We have everything you need to know as the regular season comes to a finish.

Key links: Full MLB standings | Wild-card standings | Passan's World Series prediction

Who is in?

Milwaukee Brewers

The Brewers clinched the season's first playoff spot, when they secured the NL Central crown for the third time in four seasons.

New York Yankees

The Yankees clinched a playoff spot on with a win against the Seattle Mariners and followed by clinching the AL East title.

Cleveland Guardians

The Guardians clinched a playoff spot with a win over the Minnesota Twins and followed by clinching the AL Central crown.

Los Angeles Dodgers

The Dodgers clinched a playoff spot with their 20-4 blowout win over the Marlins and have won the NL West title for the 11th time in 12 years.

Philadelphia Phillies

The Phillies clinched their third straight playoff spot with a win over the Mets on Friday night. With a win over the Cubs on Monday, they clinched their first NL East title since 2011.

Houston Astros

The Astros beat the Mariners on Tuesday to clinch their fourth consecutive AL West division title.

Baltimore Orioles

With a win over the Yankees and the Twins' loss to the Marlins, the Orioles clinched a playoff spot.

San Diego Padres

With a game-ending triple play to seal their win against the Dodgers, the Padres clinched their spot in the postseason.

Detroit Tigers

By handing the White Sox a record 121st loss, the Tigers ended their 10-year postseason drought.

Kansas City Royals

The Twins' loss on Friday clinched the final AL playoff spot for the Royals, their first since 2015.

New York Mets

The Mets clinched a playoff spot by winning the opener of Monday's doubleheader in Atlanta.

Atlanta Braves

The Braves clinched the final spot in the postseason by winning the second game of Monday's doubleheader in Atlanta.

What are this October's MLB playoff matchups as it stands now?
ESPN Stats & Info

American League

Wild-card round: (6) Tigers at (3) Astros, (5) Royals at (4) Orioles

ALDS: Tigers/Astros vs. (2) Guardians, Royals/Orioles vs. (1) Yankees

National League

Wild-card round: (6) Mets at (3) Brewers, (5) Braves at (4) Padres

NLDS: Mets/Brewers vs. (2) Phillies, Braves/Padres vs. (1) Dodgers

Breaking down the AL race

The Yankees fended off the Orioles in a battle for the AL East crown -- though, Baltimore also clinched a playoff berth -- while the Guardians and Astros both also clinched division titles. Two more AL Central teams -- the Tigers and Royals -- round out the field. Here are the odds for the AL playoff squads for every round:

Breaking down the NL race

While the Braves and Mets battled until the last hour for the final playoff spots, the other four teams locked up their berths prior to the final weekend. Milwaukee clinched the NL Central crown and Philadelphia cruised to a division title in the NL East. The Dodgers beat the Padres in the final matchup of the (regular) season to clinch its 11th NL West title in the past 12 seasons, with San Diego going on to secure the 4-seed. Here are the odds for the NL playoff squads -- as- for every round:

Playoff schedule

Wild-card series
Best of three, all games at better seed's stadium

Game 1: Tuesday, Oct. 1
Game 2: Wednesday, Oct. 2
Game 3: Thursday, Oct. 3*

Division series
Best of five

ALDS
Game 1: Saturday, Oct. 5
Game 2: Monday, Oct. 7
Game 3: Wednesday, Oct. 9
Game 4: Thursday, Oct. 10*
Game 5: Saturday, Oct. 12*

NLDS
Game 1: Saturday, Oct. 5
Game 2: Sunday, Oct. 6
Game 3: Tuesday, Oct. 8
Game 4: Wednesday, Oct. 9*
Game 5: Friday, Oct. 11*

League championship series
Best of seven

ALCS
Game 1: Monday, Oct. 14
Game 2: Tuesday, Oct. 15
Game 3: Thursday, Oct. 17
Game 4: Friday, Oct. 18
Game 5: Saturday, Oct. 19*
Game 6: Monday, Oct. 21*
Game 7: Tuesday, Oct. 22*

NLCS
Game 1: Sunday, Oct. 13
Game 2: Monday, Oct. 14
Game 3: Wednesday, Oct. 16
Game 4: Thursday, Oct. 17
Game 5: Friday, Oct. 18*
Game 6: Sunday, Oct. 20*
Game 7: Monday, Oct. 21*

World Series
Best of seven

Game 1: Friday, Oct. 25
Game 2: Saturday, Oct. 26
Game 3: Monday, Oct. 28
Game 4: Tuesday, Oct. 29
Game 5: Wednesday, Oct. 30*
Game 6: Friday, Nov. 1*
Game 7: Saturday, Nov. 2*

Note: If both LCS end by Oct. 19 -- meaning neither series lasts longer than five games -- the World Series will begin on Tuesday, Oct. 22

* If necessary

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/41041818/2024-mlb-playoffs-clinching-scenarios-bracket-postseason-schedule 
 ----- 
