Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cubs close out red-hot August with five-game surge
Share
Cubs close out red-hot August with five-game surge
September 1st, 2024

Melanie Martinez-Lopez

Share

0:01

0:19

WASHINGTON -- The postseason inches closer to the Cubs after every win they get. With an offense delivering the runs to maintain the win streaks, the confidence to continue playing in October grows.

The North Siders extended their win streak to five games, matching their season high for a third time, and won their fifth straight series with a 5-3 win over the Nationals on Saturday at Nationals Park. The offense delivered yet again in a four-run fifth inning that gave them the runs they needed to hold off Washington, bringing Chicago to four games back from the Braves for the final NL Wild Card spot.

“It means a lot. When you're trailing, every game is that much more important,” said second baseman Nico Hoerner. “But it's an opportunity we can seize. And I'm proud of the resiliency of this group and it's been a long road trip, right here playing some really good baseball, winning close games in different ways. And we got a chance to sweep tomorrow.”

Nationals starter DJ Herz, the Cubs' eighth-round pick in the 2019 Draft before being traded to Washington, held the offense to no hits going into the fifth inning. Even though the Cubs were trailing after four, there was a comfort in the club's ability to claw back.

“It feels good knowing we have a great offense and we’re going through a big moment,” said Cubs starter Javier Assad in Spanish. “It gives you a lot of confidence knowing that the game needs to be close because they can explode at any moment and score runs.”

The infield began the rally with third baseman Isaac Paredes as the opening man again, driving a single to left field to get the Cubs going. First baseman Michael Busch drew a walk, and then second baseman Hoerner followed suit with another single to load the bases for center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong.

Related
Cubs to sign RHP Rea to bolster pitching depth (source)

January 11th, 2025

Cubs add reliever Festa in trade with Rangers

January 9th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Cubs, Tucker swap salary arbitration figures

January 10th, 2025

Injuries & Moves: Mastrobuoni DFA'd to clear room for Festa

January 9th, 2025

Crow-Armstrong brought Paredes to score the first run off a sac fly. The offense then capitalized on a fielding error by Nationals center fielder Jacob Young -- catcher Christian Bethancourt singled to center, and Busch took the opportunity to score and tie the game 2-2. Hoerner then scored on Ian Happ’s fielder’s choice to take the lead.

With two outs, the Cubs took advantage to add one final run in the inning. Dansby Swanson doubled down the left-field line -- knocking his sixth extra-base hit and 11th RBI in the past nine games -- to give the Cubs a fourth run in the inning.

The Nats began to creep up again by scoring a third run off a wild pitch at the bottom of the fifth, but Hoerner delivered the much-needed insurance run, scoring on a throwing error in the seventh inning to secure the victory.

Growing confidence at the plate and heightened energy has translated into the defense that wins games. Crow-Armstrong chased down the single in the sixth inning by Nationals third base rookie José Tena deep into center field. He quickly turned and threw to Hoerner at second in time to nab Tena to keep him off the basepaths.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Our outfield throwing this year has been awesome,” Hoerner said. “Those tags and close plays are always fun and a big play in that game.”

Bethancourt also came up with another big throw to Swanson in the sixth to catch CJ Abrams stealing second base.

The Cubs finished August with a record of 18-8, and the recent wins have given them the boost of energy they need to continue making an aggressive push for the postseason in the final month of regular season play. They know it will take work, but with key additions to expand the roster in September that could add another enhance the team, it’s possible to achieve the goal.

“I think we've given ourselves a chance to play games in September that count, and that means something,” Counsell said. “It took a really good month and it's going to take another great month, but I'm proud of the guys for putting together a great stretch of baseball and giving ourselves a chance here.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

Melanie Martinez-Lopez is an MLB Digital Content Diversity Fellow based in Washington, D.C.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/cubs-win-fifth-straight-game-use-big-inning-to-beat-nats 
 ----- 
