Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct 4, 2024 
LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct 4, 2024 
By
Arhaan Raje
Modified Oct 05, 2024 02:08 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct 4, 2024 (Source: Imagn)

The LA Lakers and Minnesota Timberwolves tipoff their 2024 NBA preseason on Friday night in Palm Springs. They are also on the opening night slate later this month. It's predicted to be an epic clash, seeing some of the league's best in action, including LeBron James, Anthony Davis and Anthony Edwards.

The Lakers enter this contest with a new coach in JJ Redick, who will take to the bench in this role for the first time in the NBA. Meanwhile, the Timberwolves have seen a major roster change just days before the preseason began as Karl-Anthony Towns got traded in a blockbuster deal to the Knicks for Julius Randle and Donte DiVincenzo.

LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Prediction, Preview and Odds for 2024 NBA Preseason

Money Line: Lakers +130, Timberwolves -155

Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Spread: Lakers +3.5 (-112), Timberwolves -3.5 (-108)

Total Over/Under: Lakers U218.5 (-110), Timberwolves O218.5 (-110)

Editor's note: The odds could change close to the game.

LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Preview

The LA Lakers tip off their preseason in a new era under coach JJ Redick, who comes in with no experience but tons of ideas that alter the team's system entirely. We could see a glimpse of the new Lakers that rely heavily on the 3-point shot and play more through play calling and structure over free offense.

Redick is already looking to have his entire team ready with available players to suit up in one of their first two preseason games, including LeBron James and Anthony Davis, who are coming off a busy summer with Team USA. James and Davis won't be available Friday, though.

Meanwhile, the Minnesota Timberwolves shook the NBA after making a conference finals appearance last season by trading their longest-tenured player, Karl-Anthony Towns. Like the Lakers, they are in a transition, too, but only from an on-court personnel level.

Minnesota will not play Anthony Edwards and Julius Randle in the preseason opener.

LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Predicted Starting 5s
Lakers

PG- D'Angelo Russell, SG - Austin Reaves, SF - Max Christie, PF - Rui Hachimura, C - Jaxson Hayes

Timberwolves

PG- Mike Conley, SG - Donte DiVincenzo, SF - Jaden McDaniels, PF - Naz Reid, C - Rudy Gobert

Editor's note: This is a predicted lineup, which could change close to the game.

LA Lakers vs Minnesota Timberwolves Prediction

The Timberwolves are the favorites to win the preseason game with a -155 money line and -3.5-point spread. It's a close one, though, with oddsmakers placing the Lakers at +130. Preseason games can go either way, as most teams are only trying to get their legs and crucial reps. Meanwhile, coaches are expected to deploy an irregular rotation pattern.

Timberwolves Nation! You can check out the latest Minnesota Timberwolves Schedule and dive into the Timberwolves Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Minnesota Timberwolves Los Angeles Lakers LeBron James Anthony Edwards NBA Predictions NBA Google Trends
Edited by Arhaan Raje
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/la-lakers-vs-minnesota-timberwolves-preseason-game-prediction-preview-oct-4-2024 
 ----- 
