www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 11 → Article 1935143
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Tuesday, 11 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Five lessons from Ghana's 4-3 victory over Central African Republic

« Prev

Next »

Comments (8)

Listen to Article

Share:

Black Stars defeated C.A.R 4-3

The Black Stars of Ghana wrapped up the June 2024 international break with a hard-fought 4-3 victory over the Central African Republic at Baba Yara Stadium on Monday, June 10, 2024.

The victory has propelled Ghana to the top of Group I, with the Black Stars having played one more game than Comoros and Madagascar, who each have six points.

The game marked the second of Otto Addo's second stint, and in these two matches, Ghana scored six goals and conceded four.

GhanaWeb highlights five lessons from the 4-3 victory over C.A.R:

Ghana should be ashamed of the pitch at Baba Yara Stadium

In his post-match conference, Black Stars coach Otto Addo expressed gratitude, attributing the minor rain that fell in the second half of the game as a factor that allowed the Black Stars to control the match and play as he intended.

In the dying minutes of the game, Tariq Lamptey was through on goal and attempted a brilliant lob over the Central African goalkeeper, who was off his line. Unfortunately, the bumpy pitch interfered, and he fluffed the opportunity.

As it stands, Ghana does not have a FIFA-standard stadium and must rely on FA officials using their contacts to pull strings at CAF to allow the country to host matches.

How long will this continue?

Otto Addo must find a way to stop the leaky defence

The first two goals by C.A.R were due to fundamental errors from the entire defensive setup. The entire back five committed comical errors that are difficult to comprehend.

In the two games played in the June window, the Black Stars conceded four goals while scoring six. This rate cannot continue, and Otto Addo's major task will be to resolve it.

Jordan Ayew has walked into legendary status

Since making his Ghana debut in 2010, Jordan Ayew has been a constant feature in the Black Stars, though his name has always divided opinions.

However, on Monday, June 10, 2024, Jordan Ayew secured his place in Ghana's history books by scoring a hat-trick to help Ghana defeat the Central African Republic.

His heroic performance against C.A.R came just four days after he scored the winner for Ghana against Mali.

Geoffrey Kondogbia showed class

If the Central African Republic was to get something out of the game, it required moments of magic from Geoffrey Kondogbia, and he delivered a few.

Kondogbia dominated play and became the fulcrum of C.A.R's play. His pass for their first goal was magnificent, exploiting the lack of pace in the Ghanaian team.

Gideon Mensah and Salis are becoming liabilities

In the game against Mali, Salis delivered a great cross that led to Ghana's equalizer via a header from Ernest Nuamah. Against C.A.R, Gideon Mensah also delivered a superb cross that Jordan Ayew headed home.

These two incidents highlight the positives they bring to the side, but there are multiple reports of the two players making errors, both forced and unforced, that either led directly to goals or disrupted the flow of the game for Ghana.

If Baba Rahman continues his self-imposed exile from the team, then Otto Addo must carefully consider the left-back position. For Salis, the arrival of Ibrahim Sulemana may ease Otto Addo's burden in finding a replacement.

Related Articles:
There would be dumsor, hardships soon - NPP's Owusu-Bempah predicts
2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Ghana sinks to bottom of Group F after Niger’s mauling of Sudan
Ghana determined to capitalise on Sudan’s slip-up as they face Angola
US-based Osman Bukari rejoins Black Stars after five-month absence for 2025 AFCON qualifiers
'Cheap talk' - Asamoah Gyan slams NDC MP for 2010 World Cup penalty miss comment
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 8 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
We pray Ghana never gets another President like Akufo-Addo - Krontih...
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024...
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
Bawumia is not the first incumbent candidate to concede defeat before...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
250+ Courses That Will Help You Make the Most of Your Summer
Georgetown is offering courses taught by its world-renowned faculty, so you can explore new subjects and get ahead.
Georgetown University
|
Sponsored
Learn More
"Frequent Power Loss? Stay Prepared for Anything!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
Up Your SPF and GPA with Georgetown's Summer Sessions
Browse our wide range of undergraduate and graduate courses, all taught by world-renowned faculty.
Georgetown University
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
Controversy erupts over Akufo-Addo's alleged denial of Mahama's presidential entitlements
Business
Dangote reveals the real reason why fuel prices have reduced in Nigeria
Entertainment
I'm done with 'ungrateful' Keche, no more collaborations with them – King Paluta
Africa
Kenyans decry continued abduction of government critics
Opinions
The acrimonious contest for superiority between Prophet Badu Kobi and Prophet Owusu Bempah?
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Five-lessons-from-Ghana-s-4-3-victory-over-Central-African-Republic-1935143 
 ----- 
