    
Sign in
Home
General
Business
Politics
Sports
Entertainment
Elections
Elections ’20
Elections ’24
Video
Photo gallery
World
Contact
SIGN IN
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
PASSWORD RECOVERY
Recover your password
your email
Sunday, December 29, 2024
 Sign in / Join
    
Dailymailgh
HOME
GENERAL
BUSINESS
POLITICS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
ELECTIONS
VIDEO
WORLD
CONTACT
Home  Headlines  Ghana 4 – 3 Central African Republic – Jordan Ayew shows class,...
HeadlinesSports
Ghana 4 – 3 Central African Republic – Jordan Ayew shows class, bags hat-trick as Black Stars see off Wild Beast
June 10, 2024
0
 Share

In the thrilling 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifier match between Ghana’s Black Stars and The Central African Republic, held at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium in Kumasi on Monday, June 10, 2024, the action was non-stop.

 

The game kicked off with a bang for Ghana as they secured a penalty just five minutes in, which was confidently dispatched by Jordan Ayew, giving the Black Stars an early 1-0 lead.

 

However, the lead did not last long as Louis Mafouta capitalized on a defensive lapse from AS Monaco’s Mohammed Salisu to brilliantly equalize for The Central African Republic just five minutes later.

 

The match then became a tightly contested affair, with both teams pushing forward and creating half chances that went begging.

 

As the first half drew to a close, Mafouta once again showcased his skill by piercing through the Black Stars’ defense and slotting the ball past Lawrence AtiZigi, giving The Central African Republic a 2-1 lead at halftime.

 

The second half saw Ghana fighting back, with Gideon Mensah’s cross finding the head of Jordan Ayew, who scored the equalizer after Kama Sulemana had missed earlier chances in the game.

 

Just two minutes later, Abdul Fatawu Issahaku, on loan from Leicester City, saw his deflected shot find the back of the net, putting the Black Stars ahead 3-2 after 62 minutes.

 

Jordan Ayew added to Ghana’s tally, scrambling home the fourth goal to make it 4-2 after 69 minutes, leaving 21 minutes on the clock to play.

 

The game wasn’t over yet, as Mafouta scored a brilliant freekick, bringing the score to 4-3 at the end of the pulsating encounter between the two teams. Both Jordan Ayew and Louis Mafouta left their mark on the game by scoring impressive hat-tricks.

Related

Jordan Ayew captains Ghana as Chris Hughton names starting XI for Central African Republic game

Ayew Brothers, five others arrives in Ghana ahead of 2023 AFCON qualifiers

Jordan Ayew wants Andre Ayew in the Black Stars team – Otto Addo

GOT A STORY?
Email Daily Mail GH: stories@dailymailgh.com or
Whatsapp: +233(0)509928122


TAGS
2026 World Cup Qualifiers
Central African Republic
Ghana Black Stars
ghana football
jordan ayew
 Share
Previous article
Bawumia pledges financial empowerment for chiefs and queens in presidential bid
Next article
Parliament resumes sitting today
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

- Advertisement -
ABOUT US
Dailymailgh is a Ghanaian-based independent digital news media providing unbiased, accurate and credible information. It is Ghana’s fastest growing online news and information distribution platform.
Contact us: info@dailymailgh.com
FOLLOW US
    
Home Contact Disclaimer
© Dailymailgh 2024 | Designed by Sivoconsult
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymailgh.com/ghana-4-3-central-african-republic-jordan-ayew-shows-class-bags-hat-trick-as-black-stars-see-off-wild-beast/ 
 ----- 
