Home
Home
Videos
ADVERTISEMENT
Home
Black-stars
Mohammed Salisu shows his bruised face from battling win against Mali
07 June 2024 at 14:50
Ghana defender Mohammed Salisu sustained a bruised face from the Black Stars’ gruelling victory against Mali in Bamako on Thursday.
Mohammed Salisu shows his bruised face from battling win against Mali
Emmanuel Ayamga

Salisu was part of a back-three setup picked by Otto Addo, as Ghana came from behind to beat the Eagles 1-2 in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

The Monaco centre-back played alongside Alidu Seidu and Alexander Djiku, who had to overcome several physical duels against Mali’s well-built attackers.

👊🏾 Onto the next one: We play Central African Republic in Kumasi on Monday, 10th June, 2024. Come in your numbers to cheer the boys on to victory! ❤️ #BlackStars | #FIFAWCQ pic.twitter.com/EgcD0pfA9M

— 🇬🇭 Black Stars (@GhanaBlackstars) June 7, 2024

The Black Stars ultimately emerged victorious, though, with second-half goals from Ernest Nuamah and Jordan Ayew ensuring Kamory Doumbia’s strike was only good enough for a consolation.

While the Ghanaian players have been praised for their gallant performance, Salisu took to social media to share a photo of himself with a bruised face.

The 25-year-old shared the said photo on his Snapchat stories, accompanied by the caption: “We go again on Monday.”

Ghana will face the Central African Republic (CAR) in their next World Cup qualifying game at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium in Kumasi.

Meanwhile, Salisu will be playing in Europe next season after helping Monaco to qualify for the UEFA Champions League.

The defender joined the Principality club last year from Southampton after the Saints were relegated from the Premier League.

Despite moving to Monaco with great potential, Salisu was blighted by injuries, ruling him out for the entirety of the first round.

The defender returned to action in late December and was included in Ghana’s squad for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in the Ivory Coast, where he played every game as the Black Stars suffered a disappointing group-stage exit.

He made 13 appearances in all competitions for Monaco last season while contributing one assist.

Black-stars
Emmanuel Ayamga
Next Article
Get in Touch
Reach out to us at sales@pulse.com.ghor+233209316392 to advertise with us. Find out more about Pulse's products and advertising opportunities at pulse.africa
About us
Advertise with us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pulse.com.gh/sports/football/black-stars/mohammed-salisu-shows-his-bruised-face-from-battling-win-against-mali/39hf92f 
 ----- 
