Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Hyderabad latest weather forecast for Pakistan vs Netherlands Cricket World Cup 2023 match on Friday

SOHAM MUKHERJEE

05 October, 2023
•
7:30 pm UTC

Pakistan will begin their ICC ODI World Cup campaign on Friday against the Netherlands at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium. 

This match marks the beginning of both teams' ODI World Cup campaigns and is scheduled for October 6, 2023, at 2:00 PM IST.

More: Bet on ICC ODI World Cup 2023 and other cricket matches here!

Pakistan is historically considered one of the top ODI teams, but they are entering this tournament with a point to prove after under-performing in the 2023 Asia Cup.

Although skipper Babar Azam shone in the warm-up match against Australia, scoring 90 runs from 59 balls, they lost to the Aussies as others failed to step up. Against the Dutch, they have an opponent against whom they can hope to return to the winning track and set the tone for the tournament. 

In this article, The Sporting News provides you with a detailed report of the weather forecast in Hyderabad. 

Hyderabad weather forecast for Pakistan vs Netherlands World Cup match
Friday, October 6

The Pakistan vs Netherlands World Cup match is likely to proceed uninterrupted as there is no rain predicted throughout the game.

Chances of rain interrupting Pakistan vs Netherlands

The fixture is scheduled to begin at 2:00 PM IST. No rain is predicted throughout the day with the temperature rising to a maximum of 31 degrees at around 2:30 PM.

The chances of rainfall at different hours throughout the day are as follows:

2 PM: 0%
3 PM: 0%
4 PM: 0%
5 PM: 0%
6 PM: 0%
7 PM: 0%
8 PM: 0%
9 PM: 0%
10 PM: 0%
Weather forecast in Hyderabad: What happens if Pakistan vs Netherlands is stopped by rain?

While there is hardly any chance of rain in Hyderabad today, if the match gets washed out due to rain, each team will get a point.

What time does Pakistan vs Netherlands World Cup match start?

The match will start at 2:00 PM IST in Ahmedabad.

MORE: Babar Azam on Indian conditions ahead of World Cup

How to watch Pakistan vs Netherlands World Cup match?

Star Sports Network holds the broadcasting rights for the ODI World Cup 2023. All World Cup games, including England versus New Zealand will be live on Star Sports TV channels and Disney+ Hotstar

Country	TV channel	Online streaming
India	Star Sports TV channels	Disney+ Hotstar

Ready to make your predictions and win on the 2023 World Cup matches? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here. 

SOHAM MUKHERJEE

Soham Mukherjee is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/hyderabad-latest-weather-forecast-pakistan-netherlands-cwc-2023-friday/0c7712ba9342ce5e6d5ec5ea 
 ----- 
