English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024 Group C: West Indies vs Papua New Guinea: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

T20 World Cup 2024 Group C: West Indies vs Papua New Guinea: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
The Windies directly qualified for the World Cup as one of the hosts while PNG went unbeaten in qualifying for the event.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 31 May 2024 05:38 PM

Credit: X

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: June 2, 2024

Time: 8:00 PM IST

Venue: Providence Stadium, Guyana

Live ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger

Match Preview:

The two-time champions West Indies will kick off their T20 World Cup 2024 against Papua New Guinea at the Providence Stadium in Guyana. The Windies directly qualified for the World Cup as one of the hosts. At the same time, PNG went unbeaten in qualifying for the event, winning six matches on the bounce and defeating  Japan, Vanuatu, and the Philippines in the regional final to qualify.

Weather Report for June 2, 2024




Pitch Report




Analysis

The West Indies have emerged as a dark horse contender with a quality squad full of experienced cricketers, who bring a wealth of T20 experience. The Windies may be one of the best across the tournament with competent batting options till number 8. But on the bowling front, West Indies could struggle as they need a world-class strike bowler and also because of the inexperience of their bowlers.

One of the most in-form teams ahead of the T20 World Cup, Papua New Guinea will hope to register a few positive results in this World Cup. The PNG batting will be led by Tony Ura, who has been the backbone of their squad. Talking about bowling, Charles Amini, the leg-spinner will be crucial as the main spinner in a side which has generally been very pace-heavy. Amini could certainly be effective against the Windies with the spin-friendly conditions at the Providence Stadium in Guyana.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

West Indies

Johnson Charles, Brandon King, Shai Hope, Roston Chase, Nicholas Pooran  (wk), Rovman Powell (c), Andre Russell, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Shamar Joesph, Gudakesh Moite

Papua New Guinea

Tony Ura, Sese Bau, Assadollah Vala (c), Lega Siaka, Charles Amini, Hiri Hiri, Kipling Doriga (wk), Chad Soper, Norman Vanua, John Kariko, Kabua Morea

Fantasy Teams

Grand League




Head-To-Head




Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Tony Ura, Kipling Doriga, Nicholas Pooran, Johnson Charles, Shai Hope

Batters: Brandon King, Rovman Powell

All-Rounders: Assadollah Vala, Norman Vanua, Andre Russell, Roston Chase

Bowlers: Alzarri Joseph, Shamar Joesph, Gudakesh Moite

Disclaimer: The cricket fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Virat was getting frustrated with the lack of respect: Michael Clarke on Virat Kohli - Sam Konstas controversy

01 January 2025

Virat Kohli meets Sam Konstas’ brothers after fight with Australian player in fourth BGT Test

01 January 2025

Indian, Australian players meet PM Anthony Albanese ahead of 5th BGT Test

01 January 2025

Watch: Vinod Kambli walks out of hospital in India jersey after two weeks of treatment

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2024-group-c-wi-vs-png-dream11-fantasy-tips-west-indies-vs-papua-new-guinea-fantasy-team-playing-xi-head-to-head 
 ----- 
