Business Today
BT Bazaar
India Today
Northeast
India Today Gaming
Cosmopolitan
Harper's Bazaar
Brides Today
Ishq FM
Aaj Tak
GNTTV
iChowk
Kisan Tak
Lallantop
Malyalam
Bangla
Sports Tak
Crime Tak
Aajtak Campus
Astro tak
Subscribe
News
LATEST
Trends
World Cup 2023: 'Gobbling 8 kg of mutton every day,' Wasim Akram slams Pakistan's shock loss to Afghanistan

Feedback

World Cup 2023: 'Gobbling 8 kg of mutton every day,' Wasim Akram slams Pakistan's shock loss to Afghanistan
PAK vs AFG World Cup: Wasim Akram gave the Babar Azam-led team a serious dressing down as Pakistan is in a tight spot in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023.
Mehak Agarwal
Updated Oct 25, 2023, 12:59 PM IST
After attacking the present Pakistan team over its fitness levels, Akram trained his guns at the current Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) regime
SUMMARY
Wasim Akram said that the defeat against Afghanistan was embarrasing
Akram, also revered as The Sultan of Swing, further explained that fielding is all about fitness
Wasim Akram, however, was not the only one to slam the Pakistani team for their recent defeat

Pakistan vs Afghanistan World Cup: Wasim Akram, Pakistan's former captain and one of the greatest left-arm fast bowlers of all time, is absolutely livid at the crushing defeat that Pakistan had to face in its clash against Afghanistan on Monday.

The Hashmatullah Shahidi-led team successfully chased a target of 283 runs as their openers Ibrahim Zadran and Rahmanullah Gurbaz provided a strong start as the two scored 87 and 65 runs respectively.  Following them, Rahmat Shah and captain Hashmatullah Shahidi also had strong innings as they scored 77 and 48 runs respectively. Ibrahim Zadran was also awarded the Man of the Match after the tournament. 

Watch now: World Cup 2023 match today, Australia vs Netherlands; AUS vs NED World Cup squads, toss timings, live streaming details

Afghanistan registered their first-ever win in ODIs against Pakistan by defeating the Men in Green by 8 wickets in Chennai. This was the second victory of the Hashmatullah Shahidi-led team in the ongoing World Cup 2023. Afghanistan had previously won the match against England. 

Akram gave the Babar Azam-led team a serious dressing down as Pakistan is in a tight spot in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023. He said that the defeat against Afghanistan was embarrasing and these players look like they are "gobbling 8 kgs of mutton everyday".

"It was embarrasing today. To reach 280-odd losing just two wickets is pretty big. Wet pitch or no, look at the fielding, the fitness levels. We've been screaming for the last 3 weeks that these players haven't undergone a fitness test in the last two years. If I start taking individual names, their faces will drop. Looks like these guys are gobbling 8 kilos of mutton everyday. Should there not be tests," Akram told A Sports. 

He added that when Misbah-ul-Haq was the coach of the Pakistani cricket team, he had a certain fitness criteria for the Pakistani cricket team. He also said that even though the players hated Misbah for the criteria, the fact is that it worked for the team. 

Akram, also revered as The Sultan of Swing, further explained that fielding is all about fitness and the Pakistani team is severely lacking in that front.

After attacking the present Pakistan team over its fitness levels, Akram trained his guns at the current Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) regime.  He blamed Pakistan's cricketing body for taking rash decisions such as agreeing to playing Asia Cup 2023 in Sri Lanka in a hybrid format. After Ramiz Raja was sacked, Najam Sethi was appointed as the interim chairman of the PCB for a period of four months before Zaka Ashraf was finally appointed. 

Wasim Akram, however, was not the only one to slam the Pakistani team for their recent defeat. Former Pakistan right-arm bowler Waqar Younis also slammed the Babar Azam-led team and their attitude after the Pakistan vs Afghanistan match. Younis also praised the Afghanistan team for registering a stellar win against Pakistan. 

According to the former Pakistan captain, the team seemed to lack a basic understanding of cricket. "It is very hurting. But I'm very happy for Afghanistan. Also, don't forget because you know they deserve it. The way they handle the pressure, the way they played cricket. I'm happy for them. I am gutted because you know what I've seen today," Waqar Younis said while speaking on Star Sports.

Also Read: 'Pack your bags, and return': Pakistani team gets slammed after humiliating defeat against Afghanistan in World Cup 2023

Also Read: 'Leo' box office collection Day 5: Thalapathy Vijay's film mints Rs 200 cr in India, cruising towards Rs 250 cr-mark

SPOTLIGHT

Happy New Year 2025 wishes: 100+ wishes, quotes, WhatsApp messages, greetings to share with your loved ones

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 28: Allu Arjun's film sees 70% boost in India daily biz, makes this much

'HMPV has been observed in India...': Top health experts as another virus spreads in China

Canada Express Entry system overhaul: Concerns rise among Indians as PR wait time increases, 'Uncertain about my future..'

4 railway stocks to consider ahead of Union Budget 2025

Bangladesh govt revokes passport of former PM Sheikh Hasina; check details

Reliance Industries has the potential to grow by 19% in FY26: Bernstein Research

Budget 2025: Will FM Sitharaman raise tax-free income, tax exempt income threshold to Rs 10 lakh? 

Published on: Oct 24, 2023, 10:31 AM IST
IN THIS STORY
#Wasim Akram
#Wasim Akram attacks pakistan team
#Babar Azam
#waqar younis
#pakistan vs afghanistan
#pak vs afg
#Pakistan Cricket Board
#zaka ashraf
#ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023
Follow Us on
Channel
 TOP STORIES
Electrosteel Castings, PN Gadgil: YES Securities sees over 20% upside in these 5 stocks; do you own any?
GDP growth pegged at 6.4% in FY25, dims prospects for FY26
4 railway stocks to consider ahead of Union Budget 2025
Budget 2025: EC says Union Budget presentation on Feb 1 cannot have any Delhi-specific schemes
Bangladesh govt revokes passport of former PM Sheikh Hasina; check details
 TOP VIDEOS
1:45
Trudeau Quits PM Post; Is This Pierre Poilievre’s Moment Of Glory? Canada’s Political Turnaround!
3:09
Donald Trump Revives U.S.-Canada Merger Dream Amid Justin Trudeau Resignation!
3:53
Markets In Green: Nifty, Midcaps Shine | Hospital Stocks | EMS Buzz With Amber & PTCIL
1:49
Microsoft To Invest $3 Bn In India To Expand Cloud & AI Capacity: Chairman Satya Nadella
23:41
Crucial First Advance Estimate Of GDP For FY25 Ahead Of Budget FY26
Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries has the potential to grow by 19% in FY26: Bernstein Research
Electrosteel Castings, PN Gadgil: YES Securities sees over 20% upside in these 5 stocks; do you own any?
4 railway stocks to consider ahead of Union Budget 2025
Nykaa shares down 25% from 52-week high; worth buying?
Tata Elxsi signs pact with CSIR-NAL for advanced air mobility; stock climbs
   
 
Economy Corporate Markets
Trending Magazine COVID-19
Infra Pharma Real Estate
Stocks Auto World
Education Jobs Lifestyle
About us Contact us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Partners Press Releases
Design Partner 
 

Copyright©2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today

Home

Market

BT TV

Reels

Menu

Pawan Kalyan supports CM Revanth Reddy, suggests Allu Arjun should have visited victim's family post Pushpa 2 stampede

MOST READ

NPS vs OPS: 'States going back to the Old Pension Scheme are...", says Montek Singh Ahluwalia

MOST READ

ITR 2025: How to decide which tax regime will be beneficial for you? Here's the maths

MOST READ

'HMPV has been observed in India...': Top health experts as another virus spreads in China

MOST READ

'Palak paneer without paneer': OYO's new check-in rules leave internet divided

TRENDING

Suzlon Energy shares in correction mode; price targets, stop loss and more  

TRENDING

Canada Express Entry system overhaul: Concerns rise among Indians as PR wait time increases, 'Uncertain about my future..'

TRENDING

4 railway stocks to consider ahead of Union Budget 2025

TRENDING

Reliance Industries has the potential to grow by 19% in FY26: Bernstein Research

TRENDING

Budget 2025: Will FM Sitharaman raise tax-free income, tax exempt income threshold to Rs 10 lakh? 

TRENDING
businesstoday.in asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/trends/story/world-cup-2023-gobbling-8-kg-of-mutton-everyday-wasim-akram-slams-pakistans-shock-loss-to-afghanistan-403074-2023-10-24 
 ----- 
