Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA L2M Report Refutes Kings Overtime Loss to Raptors
The referees made a couple of costly mistakes in the Sacramento Kings' loss to the Toronto Raptors on Saturday.
Logan Struck | Nov 3, 2024
Nov 2, 2024; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Toronto Raptors guard RJ Barrett (9) controls the ball against Sacramento Kings forward Keegan Murray (13) during the first half at Scotiabank Arena. Mandatory Credit: John E. Sokolowski-Imagn Images / John E. Sokolowski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Sacramento Kings

The Sacramento Kings took one to the chin against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday, losing 131-128 in an overtime thriller on the road.

The Kings struggled when it mattered most, but the NBA Last Two-Minute Report suggests that a couple missed calls could have affected the outcome of the game.

There were two incorrect no-calls against the Raptors in the last two minutes of Saturday's fourth quarter and overtime period:

Gradey Dick personal foul on De'Aaron Fox at the 1:01 mark OT, Kings down 126-125
Comment: "Dick (TOR) raises his left hand up as he attempts to align along Fox's (SAC) path and contact occurs with Fox's head/face, which affects his SQBR during the drive."
RJ Barrett traveling violation at the 0:17 mark 4Q, Kings down 119-118
Comment: "Barrett (TOR) repositions his pivot foot on the ground to create space from the defender while in possession of the ball."

While these no-calls might have made a difference for the Kings in the end, it is no excuse for Sacramento to come out slow and lose this game against an inferior Raptors squad.

The NBA Last Two-Minute Report does not do anything for the outcome of the game, except the league recognizing their referee's mistakes. The Kings certainly would have had a better chance to come out of Toronto with a win on Saturday if these calls went their way, but the result stays the same.

Follow Sacramento Kings on SI on Facebook and Twitter.

Subscribe on YouTube for breaking Kings news videos and live-stream podcasts!

Published Nov 3, 2024
LOGAN STRUCK

Logan Struck is the Deputy Editor for Inside the Kings - SI.com's team website following the Sacramento Kings.

Follow LoganStruck

Home
/
Sacramento Kings News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/kings/sacramento-kings-news/nba-l2m-report-refutes-kings-overtime-loss-raptors-01jbsrt8vah0 
 ----- 
