Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Keyonte George Sounds Off on Jazz's 117-114 Preseason Win vs. Kings
The Utah Jazz guard had a great night returning from injury on Tuesday.
Jared Koch | Oct 16, 2024
Oct 15, 2024; Salt Lake City, Utah, USA; Utah Jazz guard Keyonte George (3) passes the ball beyond the reach of Sacramento Kings forward Domantas Sabonis (11) during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images / Rob Gray-Imagn Images
In this story:
Utah Jazz
Sacramento Kings

The Utah Jazz continue to show out during their preliminary set of games ahead of the 2024-25 NBA season, as we saw them take down the Sacramento Kings in tight fashion, 117-114 on Tuesday night, taking Utah to a 4-1 preseason record.

It was a big night for second-year guard Keyonte George, as he got back into the starting lineup after missing one game from his scary knee sprain in Utah's matchup vs. the Dallas Mavericks, and he came to make a statement against Sacramento-- totaling 24 points, three rebounds, and five assists.

After the game, George was asked how his knee felt during his first contest back in action-- ultimately giving a reassuring response:

"I'm good. Did I look good out there to you?" George asked.

It's safe to say that he indeed looked good during his return. George finished the game with a team-high point total to lead the Jazz to their fourth preseason win, showing no signs of his previous injury weighing him down in this one.

"Obviously, a scary slip," George continued. "It was in my best interest to take that [Spurs] game off and get back right. Just blessed that everything came out clear, and took the opportunity to play today. Felt good getting into rhythm, getting my legs. This is the first time where some of our main guys played in the fourth, so it was just a good test for our win."

In the fourth quarter, each of Utah's five starters secured some PT in a close win, as Lauri Markkanen led the way down the stretch with nine points on six of six shooting from the free throw line. In six fourth-quarter minutes, George also got four assists.

"I think last year, rookie year, you've got all of the jitters to be perfect," George said after the game. "[You] don't want to mess up. You see everything that's being said about you on social media. But, this year, I'm just going out and playing ball-- not worried about anything that's said or what people think. I'm just going out there and hooping, bad game or not. I'm going out there with a clear head."

With a renewed sense of confidence and a full offseason of work, the stage is set for George to have a monster year two campaign. We've seen some telling signs already through preseason, but let's see if the 2023 first-rounder can keep up the pace into the regular season.

George and the rest of the Jazz squad will have one more chance to show out in the preseason before the real games kick in, with their final preliminary matchup set on the road for Friday against the Portland Trail Blazers.

Follow Inside The Jazz on Facebook and Twitter/X.

Subscribe to YouTube for breaking Jazz news videos and live streams!

Published Oct 16, 2024
JARED KOCH

Jared Koch is the Associate Editor of The Frozen Rope — SI.com's team website covering the Utah Jazz. He's covered the NBA and NFL for the past two years, also being the Managing Editor of Inside The Kings — SI.com's team website covering the Sacramento Kings.

Follow jjaredkoch

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/jazz/news/keyonte-george-sounds-off-preseason-kings-win 
 ----- 
