Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
•••

Kabaddi

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Favourites for PKL Season 11: Analysing each team's chances of winning Pro Kabaddi League season 11 title
Saino Zachariah
14-10-2024
•
7 min read
CLICK HERE TO MAKE YOUR BET WITH DAFABET

The Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) has seen ten editions of the tournament so far. The 11th season of the league is scheduled to start on October 16, 2024. 

BET NOW: Make your predictions, find the latest odds and win cash rewards during PKL season 11 here!

In 2023, Puneri Paltan beat Haryana Steelers in the final, to win their first title in the league's history.

In this article, The Sporting News takes a look at the favourites to win PKL 2024 title with insights from our Dafanews expert as we analyse each team's chances ahead of the new season.

MORE: How popular is PKL? | Fixtures | Complete Squads

PKL season 11: Who are the favourites to win the Pro Kabaddi League in 2024?

The defending champions Puneri Paltan will begin their title defence this week. Ahead of the new season, we provide a quick analysis of each of the teams' squads, and their betting odds to win the season 11 title.

You can bet on your favourite PKL 11 teams here!

Here is our favourite teams to win the 2024 edition of the Pro Kabaddi league, according to our DafaNews expert:

Puneri Paltan

The favourites and not hard to see why. The squad is basically the same as the Championship winning side of last year, being able to retain the bulk of the squad is an amazing advantage for Puneri and I expect them to be around the playoffs again.

They have lost Mohammad Chiyaneh, but have bought in Mohit to fill in at left corner. This makes them weaker overall, but Puneris total kabaddi style will ensure everyone will be picking up tackle points to make up for the loss of Chiyaneh.

Expert pick: Puneri Paltan are 4.5 to win PKL season 11

Dabang Delhi

Ashu Malik was phenomenal last season, He stepped up to lead the team when the Naveen Express got injured. If Naveen can stay Injury free, this team has every chance to go further in Season 11.

Yogesh and Ashish have been retained at the corners, so this team has a solid core and the squad provides some depth for rotation if needed such as the experienced Siddarth Desai.

Expert pick: Dabang Delhi are 5.5 to win PKL season 11 

Haryana Steelers

Last year's beaten Finalists managed to sign the Bargain of this year's Auction. Mohammadreza Shadloui Chiyaneh was signed for 2.07 Cr, which for me was an absolute steal.

He will enhance what was the best defence and also add raiding options to back up the impressive Vinay and Shivam Patare. Coach Manpreet Singh can go one step further this season.

Expert pick: Haryana Steelers are 6.0 to win PKL season 11

Jaipur Pink Panthers

Last Years Semi Finalists have seen a few changes this year with Defensive mainstays Sunil Kumar and Sahul Kumar moving on. However, they still retained Arjun Deshwal who for me is the best raider around and have Ankush and Reza in defence.

They have brought in the experienced Surjeet Singh, and have filled out the squad with many experienced options in the Auction. Also they retained Rookie Raiding sensation Abhijeet Malik and I am hoping to see a lot more of him in Season 11.

Expert pick: Jaipur Pink Panthers are 7.0 to win PKL season 11

Tamil Thalaivas

Probably the team that underperformed the most last year. They have a very talented core and have managed to retain their Category A players Narender, Sahil and Sagar, plus they bought Sachin who was the most expensive player at this year's auction.

Bastami and Mohit ensure that Tamil will have a tough defence to beat, but their Raiding will heavily rely on Sachin and Narender with not much depth after those two.

Expert pick: Tamil Thalaivas are 11.0 to win PKL season 11

U Mumba

A lot of change this year, but they still have the making of a decent team. Manjeet joins to support Zafardanesh in raiding, but it's the defence that looks solid.

New Captain Sunil Kumar joins from the Panthers to Join Rinku, Sombir, Bittu, Parvesh Bhainswal and Ghorbani to give plenty of defensive options. 

Expert pick: U Mumba are 15.0 to win PKL season 11

Up Yoddha

A few changes as UP look to improve this year. They will be hoping Surender Gill stays fit all season, as they sorely missed him for a lot of season 10.

Sumit was one player who had a good season, and he is joined in defence by the experience Sahul Kumar. Bharat and Bhavani Rajput will breathe new life into the attack, as the former certainly has a point to prove after a very poor last season for the Bulls. 

Expert pick: UP Yoddha are 15.0 to win PKL season 11

Telugu Titans

Telugu will be looking to improve this season and let's face it, that won't very difficult after only 5 wins in the last 3 seasons. I'm sure they will not be dead last in Season 11 though, they managed to retain the legend Pawan Sehrewat in the auction, who was the leagues 3rd top Raider despite playing for a team that was dead last.

They have also kept Milad Jabbari, who had a good season in defence for them and signed Krishan, who will improve their defence tenfold.

These 3 will be supported by Manjeet, Vijay Malik and Praful Zaware to improve from previous years' performances for their fans. 

Expert pick: Telugu Titans are 17.0 to win PKL season 11

Bengal Warriorz

Bengal's raiding will again be led by Maninder Singh and Nitin Kumar, and they have now added the Sultan, Fazel Atrachali for an absolute bargain 50 lac in the Auction, to the mix as well. The experience of the mighty Maninder and the Iranian defender (Fazel) will be vital to Bengal if they are to do well in Season 11.

Expert pick: Bengal Warriorz are 21.0 to win PKL season 11

Gujarat Giants

Gujarat retained their main raiders Parteej Dahiya and Rakesh from last season but not much else. There will be plenty of change for the Giants, but with players like Guman Singh, Sombir, Nabibakhsh, Neeraj Kumar and Harsh Lad added, they could do well if they find their balance as a team.

Expert pick: Gujarat Giants are 23.0 to win PKL season 11

Bengaluru Bulls

Major Changes for the Bulls as Ajinkya Pawar and the record breaker himself Pardeep Narwal joins to support rookie Sensation Sushil in the raiding department.

Saurabh Nandal was retained, but their defence lacks strength in depth and they could struggle this season against the better raiding teams.

Expert pick: Bengaluru Bulls are 23.0 to win PKL season 11

Patna Pirates - 34 to win Season 11

Patna lost their two best players in Sachin Tanwar and Krishan Dhull during the auction, so this could be a hard season for the Pirates. They will heavily rely on Ankit and Shubham Shinde in Defence and hope young raider Sudhakar M continues to improve.

Expert pick: Patna Pirates are 34.0 to win PKL season 11

BET ON ALL THE LATEST KABADDI ACTION WITH

FOR THE BEST ODDS AND OFFERS

ON ALL THE ACTION

CLICK HERE TO MAKE YOUR BET

 

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Saino Zachariah

Saino Zachariah is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.

IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW HAS A GAMBLING PROBLEM, HELP IS AVAILABLE.

PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY. VISIT WWW.GAMBLEAWARE.ORG

•
CALL 1-800-GAMBLER OR GO TO
NCPGAMBLING.ORG
.
FIND HELP IN YOUR STATE
.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/kabaddi/news/favourites-pkl-season-11-analysing-each-teams-chances-winning-pro-kabaddi-league-season-11-title/7b0120f40031261532cbeaa0 
 ----- 
