Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Victor Wembanyama
Victor Wembanyama Stats Tonight: Spurs superstar's points & more vs Heat explored (Oct. 15) | 2024 NBA preseason 
Victor Wembanyama Stats Tonight: Spurs superstar's points & more vs Heat explored (Oct. 15) | 2024 NBA preseason 
By
John Ezekiel Hirro
Modified Oct 16, 2024 09:12 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Looking at Victor Wembanyama's stats vs Heat - Source: Imagn

Star sophomore Victor Wembanyama and the San Antonio Spurs went up against a seasoned Miami Heat squad in their second-to-last preseason game. After taking on younger teams in the OKC Thunder, Orlando Magic and Utah Jazz, the Spurs traveled to Kaseya Center in Miami to face Jimmy Butler and his veteran crew.

The Spurs had won two of their three preseason games before this matchup. They narrowly lost to the Thunder by five points but bounced back with a 10-point win over the Magic and a six-point victory over the Jazz. However, the Heat ended their winning streak, defeating Wembanyama’s squad 120-117.

Despite being on a minutes restriction, Victor Wembanyama made an impact during his 16 minutes and 44 seconds of play, contributing on both offense and defense. His stats from the Heat game are below:

Trending
PLAYER	MIN	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	FGM	FGA	FG%	3PM	3PA	3P%	FTM	FTA	FT%	OREB	DREB	TO	PF	=+/-
Victor Wembanyama	16:44	8	7	3	1	1	3	6	50.0	1	4	25.0	1	2	50.0	0	7	3	2	-9

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Jeremy Sochan led the Spurs in their losing effort, recording 18 points and 11 rebounds. Chris Paul also had his first double-digit scoring game with the Spurs, finishing with 13 points and five assists.

Keldon Johnson and Harrison Barnes added to the Spurs’ offense with 15 and 10 points, respectively.

Victor Wembanyama talks about expanding his game

Wembanyama, who had an outstanding rookie season averaging 21.4 points, 10.6 rebounds, 3.9 assists, 3.6 blocks and 1.2 steals per game, earning him the Rookie of the Year award, spoke recently about his desire for growth.

In an interview with Sports Illustrated, Wembanyama emphasized the importance of expanding his game.

“For me, it’s the only solution,” Wembanyama said. “Expanding my game is not thinking twice when you want to do something crazy. I don’t think I’ve had one game where I really applied everything. Not one.”

The Frenchman said he aspires to be a versatile player on the court, not limited to any single role.

“I want eventually to have a wide variety of tools that I’ve really mastered. I don’t want to have a role on the court. I don’t want to be the shot blocker. I don’t want to be the scorer. I don’t want to be the playmaker. I want to be all of this at once,” he added.

To support Victor Wembanyama's growth in his second NBA season, the San Antonio Spurs have strengthened their roster by adding key veterans Chris Paul and Harrison Barnes, along with rookie Stephon Castle, as they aim to improve on last season’s 22-60 record.

Miami Heat Nation! You can check out the latest Miami Heat Schedule and dive into the Heat Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Miami Heat San Antonio Spurs Victor Wembanyama NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Stats NBA Google Trends
Edited by John Ezekiel Hirro
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-victor-wembanyama-stats-tonight-spurs-superstar-s-points-vs-heat-explored-oct-15-2024-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
