NFL News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Power Rankings
Oct 13, 2024; Charlotte, North Carolina, USA; Carolina Panthers head coach Dave Canales talks with linebacker Jadeveon Clowney (7) after the second half against the Atlanta Falcons at Bank of America Stadium. Jim Dedmon-Imagn Images
NFL Week 7 odds: Carolina Panthers massive underdogs against Washington Commanders
Originally posted on Carolina Panthers on SI
By Tim Weaver  |  Last updated Oct 14, 2024 10:16 AM ET

The losing will continue until morale improves. Probably. In any case, the Carolina Panthers can only continue to work through their 2024 regular season schedule, painful and hopeless though it may be. Next up on the slate is a visit to Landover, Maryland to play the Washington Commanders, and the odds are most definitely against them.

Panthers-Commanders Week 7 odds

According to the latest odds available at DraftKings Sportsbook, the Panthers (1-5) are 7.5 point underdogs against the Commanders (4-2) this week. If anything, that line is probably too kind to Carolina. This past week Washington came into their road game against the Baltimore Ravens with the highest-scoring offense in the league this year, and they'll be going up against the worst scoring defense in the NFL. It doesn't take a calculator to do that math.

Washington's ascendance is a new thing this season. Head coach Dan Quinn is in his first year with the franchise, starting quarterback Jayden Daniels is a rookie (though he's not playing anything like one), tackle leaders Bobby Wagner and fomer Panthers linebacker Frankie Luvu are also new to the scene. It's all worked out splendidly for the Commanders, who are enjoying success on a level they haven't since 2012 - and this team's ceiling at least appears to be much higher than that one.

Long story short, anything can happen on any given Sunday, but the Panthers will probably be lucky to cover this week.

- Enjoy more free Panthers coverage with Carolina Panthers on SI - 

Younghoe Koo had a message for Panthers after Falcons’ 18-point win

Panthers coach Dave Canales on QB situation, defensive struggles

Xavier Legette and Trevin Wallace dazzle in Panthers’ Week 6 loss

Shannon Sharpe, Stephen A. Smith rip Panthers for latest QB move




This article first appeared on Carolina Panthers on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Five takeaways from AP NFL All-Pro Team
NFL X factors: AFC wild-card playoffs
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search

As far as this year’s head coaching search goes, Friday, June 10th marks what is arguably the most significant day for Mark Davis and the Las Vegas Raiders. On top of interviewing Ben Johnson, the top candidate in this year’s coaching cycle, Sin City is also welcoming a second coordinator from the Detroit Lions, Aaron Glenn. The top two available coaches are interviewing to fill Sin City’s vacant head coach job on the same day. While this day was already of great significance heading into Thursday, the stakes have increased after Davis, the controlling owner of the Raiders, elected to part ways with his club’s now-former general manager Tom Telesco. Now that there’s an opening available at the forefront of the front office, an incoming head coach would, theoretically, be able to bring whoever he’d like as a partner to Sin City as the team’s general manager. That’s quite an incentive for someone looking to build their own empire—being able to personally hand-select the head of his new club’s front office. But is it enough incentive to lure one of the top two candidates? The elephant in the room couldn’t be more obvious: The Las Vegas Raiders are in dire need of a starting-caliber quarterback. More than that, the sixth overall pick in the 2025 NFL Draft almost certainly takes Sin City out of the running for a top prospect at the position. Although a surprise opt-in by a signal caller such as Penn State’s Drew Allar could change that. For this reason, among others that stem from organizational instability and a tough division, NFL Network’s Judy Battista ranks Las Vegas the sixth-most desirable destination among all six teams that are currently without a head coach. A ranking that, while harsh, may not be too far off base. Other head coaching interviews for the Las Vegas Raiders Aside from Johnson and Glenn, Mark Davis has requested permission to speak with Steve Spagnuolo of the Kansas City Chiefs and Todd Monken of the Baltimore Ravens. Additionally, Davis has reached out to free agent coach Robert Salah for an interview. Davis will meet with Salah sometime next week as he waits to hear from Andy Reid and John Harbaugh. As far as how quickly a decision will be made, that depends on how Davis approaches the hiring process this go-around. Last year, prior to hiring Antonio Pierce, the Raiders controlling owner noted he’d likely hire a general manager before a head coach. That did change, but Davis stayed true to his reasoning. “I believe the GM has to have some say in who the coaching staff is going to be,” Davis explained. And, although the general manager was hired second, he did have a say in who the team’s head coach would be. During general manager interviews last year, which took place before head coaching interviews, Davis asked each candidate who they’d hire to lead the team on the field. Each of the candidates gave the same answer: Antonio Pierce. If Davis is still of this mind-frame, we’ll see a general manager hired first, followed by a head coach sometime later. However, there is one notable difference between last year’s search and this year’s: Tom Brady. Brady, who bought a minority stake in the Raiders in 2024, has been a major player in Sin City’s moves thus far. If Brady thinks hiring a head coach first is the right move, that’s what Davis will do. With premier candidates such as Ben Johnson and Aaron Glenn coming to interview so soon, that may be exactly where Brady’s head is at.

NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
The greatest weakness for every NFL team heading into the 2025 draft
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NFL
Chargers’ Justin Herbert loses key weapon for Texans clash
NFL
Revealed: The Reason for the Tom Telesco Departure
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
What cities should get an NFL expansion team?
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…

We have surprising news regarding a goaltender, who was on the rise within the Montreal Canadiens organization. Many believed he could be part of the organization's medium/long-term plans, but all signs now suggest otherwise. Despite a strong start with the Laval Rocket and the fact that many believed he would be recalled by the Montreal Canadiens just a few weeks ago, everything indicates that Connor Hughes' adventure in Laval/Montreal is coming to an end. According to latest reports, expect to see Connor Hughes return to Switzerland next season. Of course, this could always change by the summer, but for now, everything unfortunately indicates that Hughes will return to Europe at the end of the season. A return to Europe as early as this summer for Connor Hughes? Here's what has just been reported. "Goaltender Connor Hughes, currently with the Montreal Canadiens organization, is expected to return to Switzerland next season." And Charles-Alexis Brisebois adds this: "In the Swiss media outlet Watson, the term 'stuck' is used to describe Hughes' situation in Laval and in the Canadiens' depth chart. [...] And another interesting point, in this Swiss Habs article: his agent has reportedly offered him to Swiss clubs, including Lausanne, for the 2025-2026 season." Connor Hughes, 28 years old, 6-feet-4 inches tall, and weighing 231 pounds, has a record of 9-6-1 this season with the Laval Rocket, with a goals-against average of 2.51 and a save percentage of 0.904. After an incredible start, things have been a bit more difficult for Hughes and the Rocket recently. Let's remember that he spent most of his professional career in Switzerland.

Entertainment
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
Entertainment
Go-Go Dancer Accuses Diddy of Forcing 'Sex Slaves' to Wear…

Music mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs is facing serious scrutiny after claims that his big-deal White Parties were a front for a sinister plot to lure women into a sexual trap. As first reported by AllHipHop, Adria English, a former Go-Go dancer, has filed a lawsuit against Combs, claiming he took advantage of these events to enforce a color-coordinated dress code that she said branded women as "sex slaves." According to English, who performed at the 2004 Labor Day White Party, she was led to believe that the role would be a stepping-stone to her music career. She said, however, she got caught up in a climate of pressure and exploitation. The developers' lawsuit claims the white outfits donned by women at the extravagant events inside Hamptons and Miami were more than just a style statement. They allegedly acted as a signal that these women were available for sex work. Combs handpicked these uniforms, English lawyer Joel M. Taylor argues, in order to visually communicate to patrons that specific women were "for sale." The accusations range from claiming to use violence, threats, and drugging to keep a person in line. English further claimed that what had started as events soon turned into "Freak Off" after-parties, during which she and others were drugged and forced into non-consensual acts. English was later dressed in black clothing, indicating she had already been assaulted, a further allegation states. "[English] was required to wear a black dress to the 'White Party' not simply to denote her capacity as an employee, but more sinisterly as a sex-trafficked sex worker," the complaint states. Combs is being held at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn on charges of racketeering and sex trafficking. Hintz is set to stand trial in May. Diddy's lawyers refuted all the claims against him, insisting that he is innocent. Things have been less smooth sailing in the case of English, however, whose first team of lawyers withdrew over differences between her and them over the legal direction and settlement proposals — among other issues.

NHL
Canucks stuck over night in Carolina due to snow storm: report
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Make Intriguing Roster…
NHL
Report: Trade Talks Intensify Between Vancouver Canucks &…
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
Elliotte Friedman Reveals the New York Rangers Most Coveted…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
Entertainment
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
MLB
Red Sox Projected To Target $38M Rising Star In Blockbuster Triston…
NHL
Ryan Reaves Time in the Toronto Maple Leafs Lineup Seemingly…

The Toronto Maple Leafs inked Ryan Reaves to a multi-year deal in 2023, but now his time in their lineup is seemingly done according to a top Leafs reporter. This season has gone incredibly well for the Toronto Maple Leafs, and even after their recent loss to the Carolina Hurricanes, they remain in first place in the Atlantic Division. However, there's one major part of this lineup that the team haven't managed to find consistency on, with the team trying time and time again to get veteran Ryan Reaves into a regular spot in their lineup. They did so again recently against the Philadelphia Flyers, but after Reaves once again didn't drop the gloves (his only purpose on the team), Sportsnet reporter Michael Amato has seemingly signalled that this could be the end of his time in Toronto. "Reaves was inserted into the lineup for the rematch with the Flyers on Tuesday, where one assumed a scrap with Hathaway would be inevitable. Nothing materialized, though, other than a brief verbal exchange between Reaves and Hathaway near the benches. This is the other issue with Reaves' role: he's reliant on someone from the opposition to oblige him for a fight. There are very few Ryan Reaves' left in the NHL at this point and he doesn't have many counterparts around to square off with." While Reaves' intimidation factor can still add plenty to the Maple Leafs lineup, without fighting he just isn't playing at a consistent enough level, and it may cost him his role. "It's going to become increasingly challenging to insert Reaves into the lineup, even for a coach like Craig Berube, who scratched and clawed his way to 1,000 games in this league playing a similar role to Reaves. In today's NHL, every player's performance has to justify their salary and the percentage of the cap they occupy, and there really isn't an argument with enough merit to make for Reaves." With great depth on their roster, the Leafs can make do with Reaves as their No. 13 forward, so expect that to continue this season, but moving forward after 2024/25, big changes are likely on the way.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NFL News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nfl/articles/nfl_week_7_odds_carolina_panthers_massive_underdogs_against_washington_commanders/s1_16718_41051662 
 ----- 
