Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Bulls Release Two Players After Timberwolves Game
The Bulls have announced two roster moves.
Joey Linn | Oct 17, 2024
Chicago Bulls head coach Billy Donovan looks on the fourth quarter against the Milwaukee Bucks at Fiserv Forum. / Benny Sieu-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Bulls
Minnesota Timberwolves

The Chicago Bulls are amid a rebuild. Trading away DeMar DeRozan (sign and trade) and Alex Caruso this offseason, the Bulls finally pivoted away from an iteration of their roster that was going nowhere.

Now leaning much more into youth, the Bulls are focused on the future. This makes training camp and the preseason especially important, because Chicago will be looking at potential long term options who may not have been kept around in previous years.

Playing their fourth preseason game of the year on Wednesday, the Bulls defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 125-123. Now an even 2-2 on the preseason, Chicago will play one more exhibition contest before opening their regular season on October 23 against the New Orleans Pelicans.

Following their win over Minnesota, the Bulls announced that they had released two players.

Via Bulls: “Transactions: We have waived Onuralp Bitim & Kenneth Lofton Jr. Thank you for your hard work and best of luck.”

Lofton has been unable to stick with an NBA team, but has shown impressive flashes of ability in the G League. Averaging 22.8 points and 10.0 rebounds in 34 career regular season G League games, Lofton has earned himself a few NBA opportunities that have been short lived. 

Bitim appeared in 23 NBA games for the Bulls last season, averaging 3.5 points in 11.7 minutes per game. 

Related Articles

Steph Curry Joins LeBron James and Michael Jordan on Historic List After Olympics

Lonzo Ball Reveals Draymond Green's Trash Talk Message to Him

Chicago Bulls Guard's Honest Quote on DeMar DeRozan After Kings Trade

Published Oct 17, 2024
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bulls/news/chicago-bulls-release-two-players-after-timberwolves-game-01jadsk9w3zq 
 ----- 
