TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

Iceland Vs Turkey Player Ratings Uefa Nations League 14th October 2024

Advertisement
5 min read
Rishap
Mod: 14 Oct 2024 10:09 PM
Iceland 2-4 Turkey Player Ratings as Guler and Akturkoglu inspire Turks comeback
Iceland
Iceland vs Turkey
Turkey
UEFA Nations League

Turkey produced a thrilling 4-2 comeback win against Iceland in the UEFA Nations League. Iceland were off to a great start when Orri Oskarsson put them ahead with a brilliant finish. Although the visitors shared the lion’s share of the possession, the game became more wide open with two sides equally having a go at the goal. The Turks thought they had equalised after Hakan Calhanoglu netted a penalty but was asked to retake it due to Valdimarsson’s foul, with the skipper failing in his second attempt. But the home side’s resistance was broken when Irfan Kahveci scored a marvellous long-range goal before Calhanoglu added another one sooner; this time he made no mistake from the penalty spot. Iceland managed to level things up when Andri Gudjohnsen scored a leaping header.

While Iceland could have got away with a draw, they shot themselves in the foot after Valdimarsson’s error led to Arda Guler‘s goal in the 88th minute. Kerem Akturkoglu rounded off the game with a deft finish as Turkey made two wins out of their last two games. With the victory, the Crescent Stars sit at the top of League B Group 4 with 10 points, while Iceland are third.

Iceland National Football Team Player Ratings vs Turkey
Andri Gudjohnsen of Iceland celebrating a goal against Turkey in the Nations League (Getty Images)
Goalkeeper

Hakon Valdimarsson: 4/10 – A near-heroic performance was foiled by his grave error towards the end. Made a flurry of top-quality saves but those were overshadowed by his brain-fade moment on the ball, allowing Guler to find the winner.

Defenders

Logi Tomasson: 5/10 – Involved in crucial defensive actions but was a let-down offensively.

Valgeir Fridriksson: 6/10 – Turks exploited the right flank to larger extents as a result of Fridriksson’s shortcomings. But still managed to thread in 7 passes into the final third, including a brilliant cross to set up Gudjohnsen’s header.

Daniel Gretarsson: 6/10 – One of the bright spots in an otherwise leaky defence, giving his best to halt the Turks for larger spells. Made 6 clearances, 6 recoveries and 3 blocks.

Sverir Ingason: 5/10 – Nearly became a culprit in Iceland’s defence after conceding a penalty with a handball, but much to his relief, no damage was done.

Midfielders

Arnar Traustason: 6/10 – Led the midfield from the front, preventing Turks from creating much danger until the game swung in their favour. Won 5 duels, made 5 recoveries and 2 clearances.

Mikael Anderson: – 5/10 Anderson’s performance was not up to the mark

Johann Berg Gudmundsson: 5/10 – For all his experience, Gudmundsson should be doing better to prevent Kahveci from taking that shot that led to the goal.

Attackers

Mikael Egill Ellertsson: 4/10 – Ellertsson managed just one shot on target. Received a booking for a malicious foul in the first half. Was also ball-watching when Kahveci scored a screamer.

Andri Gudjohnsen: 7/10 – Went from zero to hero in no time; Made up for his handball in the penalty box – which allowed the Turks to take the lead – with a thumping header to find the equaliser

Orri Oskarsson: Scored a sensational double for Real Sociedad weeks ago, Oskarsson has translated his form well into the national team. The young striker made a terrific solo run, outpacing Bardakci before unleashing a great strike. Also positioned himself in dangerous areas throughout the game.

Substitutes

Willum Willumsson: N/A

Isak Bergmann Johannesson: N/A

Manager

Age Hareide: Hareide would be livid with the end result as his side were on top until a point in the game. A combination of individual mistakes and the failure to hold the nerves led to Iceland’s defeat.

Also Read: Ukraine 1-1 Czech Republic: Player ratings as Artem Dovbyk’s penalty cancels out Lukas Cerv’s early opener for the Czechs

Turkey National Football Team Player Ratings vs Iceland
Turkey’s Hakan Calhanoglu and Irfan Kahveci celebrating a goal against Iceland in the Nations League (Getty Images)
Goalkeeper

Ugurcan Cakir: 6/10 – Despite his questionable effort against Oskarsson’s opener, Cakir came into his own as the game wore on, producing a handful of good saves.

Defenders

Ferdi Kadioglu: 7/10 – An excellent showing from the Brighton full-back, further demonstrating why he is one of the best players in his position in Europe. Was at the heart of Turkey’s relentless attack.

Zeki Celik: 7/10 – Celik poured in his influence from the word go, making 8 recoveries, 2 clearances, 1 interception and 3 tackles. He also clocked up a passing accuracy of 93%.

Merih Demiral 4/10 – A poor showing from Demiral from the beginning to end. Got away with a handball but was completely caught on blindside by Gudjohnsen’s leaping header.

Abdulkerim Bardakci: 5/10 – Completely got caught off guard by Iceland’s counter and failed to match the pace of the young Oskarsson in one-on-one. But still, his passing was spotless.

Midfielders

Orkun Kokcu: 5/10: An off-colour performance from the star midfielder, who, despite making 6 balls into the final third, failed to make an impact defensively.

Irfan Kahveci: 7/10 – Tried to make things happen from the beginning and seized his moment when he scored a belter of a strike from 30 yards to equalise for the Turks

Hakan Calhanoglu: 8/10 – Unleashed a whipping strike from long-range early in the game but was thwarted by Iceland’s keeper. Unfortunately, missed his penalty on the second attempt due to Valdmirsson’s foul when Turkey were 1-0 but made it up by converting from the spot later. Defensively solid as the skipper made 9 recoveries.

Attackers

Muhammed Kerem Akturkoglu: 8/10 – Akturkoglu’s purple patch continues with another stellar display. Dispossessed Valdimarsson with great pressure, allowing Guler to score and capped off the game with an awe-inspiring finish.

Arda Guler: 8/10 – Guler’s impact was felt throughout the game. Had a crack at the goal multiple times early in the game and also created 2 big chances. The Real Madrid prodigy was at the right place to pounce on the keeper’s mistake.

Kenan Yildiz: 7/10 – Picked up the pace after the first quarter. Caused a lot of trouble to the Iceland defenders with his great dribbling prowess and dangerous runs behind the defence. Also sent a scintillating effort to the bottom left corner, which was saved by Valdimarsson. Provided a teasing cross from the corner to Kahveci, whose header was kept out. Completed more than 5 dribbles and was easily one of the best players of Turkey despite not finding the score sheet.

Substitutes

Samet Akaydin: N/A

Okay Yokuslu: N/A

Bertug Yildirim: N/A

Yunus Akgun: N/A

Eren Elmali: N/A

Manager

Vincenzo Montella: Montella would be delighted with his team’s herculean effort in the second half. The Italian gaffer trusted his players throughout the game and their constant pressure paved the way for the win despite the odds.

Also Read: Bosnia 0-2 Hungary Players Rating as Dominik Szoboszlai strikes twice to clinch victory against Bosnia

FAQs

What was the result of Iceland vs Turkey?

When was Iceland vs Turkey?

Who was the man of the match in Iceland vs Turkey?

Who was the worst performer in Iceland vs Turkey?

Trending Articles

Where to watch Juventus vs Cagliari in the Coppa Italia for free?

Ajax vs Telstar Lineups, Preview, Prediction and Team N...

Who is Dominic Solanke? Know About His Net Worth, Salar...

Mykhailo Mudryk failed doping test, might face four year ban

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/iceland-vs-turkey-player-ratings-uefa-nations-league-14th-october-2024 
 ----- 
