NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Why letting Paul George walk, and saying no to the Warriors, made sense for the Clippers
Sam Amick
Nov 7, 2024

159

INGLEWOOD, Calif. — Saying goodbye to Paul George was one thing.

The LA Clippers decided in early July to draw a hard line in negotiations with the 34-year-old, who wanted a four-year, $212 million max deal that he would get from the Philadelphia 76ers instead. The prospect of paying him nearly $60 million at the age of 37 — especially given his health history during his five years in L.A. — was a nightmare scenario the Clippers wanted to avoid.

Ditto for the no-trade clause that George wanted and was denied. Add in the long-term planning component — a four-year max deal for George would have gone one year past the length of Kawhi Leonard’s deal while cutting too deeply into the precious salary cap space that would be better used on younger superstars who might become available — and you start to understand why the nine-time All-Star was in a Sixers jersey for his reunion game at Intuit Dome on Wednesday night.

GO DEEPER

Clippers fans boo Paul George in return; 76ers’ star has no ‘ill will’

Even if this Leonard-led era never pans out — and the track record speaks for itself at this point — the Clippers protected their ability to go big again in the summer of 2027. And with teams like the Bucks and Sixers having gone all in on their problematic three-star plans that are failing miserably at the moment, there’s an argument to be made that the Clippers’ vision will pay off.

If only for a night, it didn’t look like these Clippers needed George in their 110-98 win. Norm Powell, the guard who replaced George in the starting lineup and who deemed George’s departure “addition by subtraction” in the preseason, had 26 points (while hitting six 3s) and six assists while outplaying his former teammate (George had 18 points and seven rebounds).

The newcomer who wouldn’t be here if George had stayed, Derrick Jones Jr., was one of many productive role players who contributed a pivotal part when the lone available Clippers star, James Harden, had an off-night (5-of-15 shooting, six turnovers; 18 points and six assists).

The Basketball 100

The story of the greatest players in NBA history. In 100 riveting profiles, top basketball writers justify their selections and uncover the history of the NBA in the process.

Buy

The Clippers improved to 4-4 — not too shabby considering Leonard (right knee) has yet to play this season. The Sixers — who have been without Joel Embiid (left knee) all season and George for all but two games (left knee) and must now worry about Tyrese Maxey after he suffered a hamstring injury against the Clippers — saw their pressure-packed situation get even worse as they fell to 1-6. 

But when it comes to the George saga that was the top story of the NBA summer, and which will surely be discussed and re-litigated for years to come, the question that has confounded so many rival front-office executives and scouts this season is this: Why were the Clippers willing to say goodbye to George without getting anything in return?

As The Athletic’s Anthony Slater recently detailed, the Warriors remain both frustrated and confused by their offseason pursuit of George (and Utah’s Lauri Markkanen) that fell flat. Everyone from Golden State owner Joe Lacob on down chimed in on the matter, with Steph Curry, Draymond Green, coach Steve Kerr and general manager Mike Dunleavy Jr. sharing their view of the sign-and-trade situation gone wrong.

There’s an old and outdated adage in the NBA that you just don’t let star players walk for nothing, but the Clippers — as so many around the league saw it — had gone against that grain by passing on their only real chance at recouping assets for George with the Warriors.

But just as the Clippers aren’t regretting the choices that led to George’s departure to Philadelphia, team sources are adamant in their defense of the Golden State decision as well. And the reasoning has everything to do with the financial flexibility that they valued more than what the Warriors had to offer. Strange as it might sound, they would argue that there are times when nothing is better than something.

	Paul George walks near the Clippers bench on Wednesday. (Harry How / Getty Images)

Had the Clippers agreed to do the deal, with the most likely scenario being Golden State sending Andrew Wiggins, Chris Paul, Moses Moody and a first-round pick their way in exchange for George, then team sources say the second-apron luxury tax penalties that would have come with it would have put the total cost at approximately $110 million. The Clippers had serious interest in Warriors fourth-year forward Jonathan Kuminga and would have likely done the deal if he was included along with the first-round pick, but team sources say he was never truly available.

The two teams did discuss scenarios that included Kuminga, team sources said, but the Warriors later pulled him off the table. Considering he was the only young Warriors prospect whom the Clippers truly saw as a potential star, that was the real X-factor in it all. Even Brandin Podziemski, the second-year guard who was on the Clippers’ wish list, wasn’t available. So rather than take what Golden State offered, and having to navigate the second-apron hell that came with it, the Clippers decided to target the role players of their choosing elsewhere.

If you somehow haven’t heard by now, the second-apron luxury tax penalties that come when a team’s payroll exceeds $189 million are the bane of every billionaire’s existence. Even owners like the Clippers’ Steve Ballmer, the former Microsoft CEO whose net worth of $123 billion makes him the richest owner in sports, are now forced to fear the consequences that come with spending your way to the top.

Frozen draft picks. A restriction against making trades in which multiple player salaries are aggregated. No midlevel exceptions, sign-and-trades, or ability to send cash out in trades. Minimum-salary players abound.

A blank check isn’t enough anymore.

GO DEEPER

How are NBA GMs and execs trying to build teams and compete in the parity era?

The list of roster-wrecking ramifications is long, and perhaps even boring to the casual fans, but the truth of it all is that front-office executives whose teams are in that unwelcome financial state are like handymen with an empty tool belt. Among all of the involved parties in George’s Clippers exit, opinions differ when it comes to the second-apron effect.

On the one hand, the Clippers offered George a three-year, $150 million deal that would have put them in the second-apron territory throughout the length of that contract. They even offered a four-year deal for less than max money, further proving that point. To some extent, quite clearly, they were willing to deal with the second-apron life.

On the other hand, the Clippers showed a strong commitment to avoiding the second apron in all the scenarios that didn’t involve either elite players or young players with the potential to be elite (George or Kuminga). There’s a gray area here on this front, but it’s just silly to pretend that it didn’t come into play.

To watch George fall short against his old team on Wednesday was to wonder if maybe the Clippers didn’t make the right call after all. He is still an elite player in this league, the kind of two-way talent who would fit in beautifully on any legitimate title contender.

But the Clippers aren’t that, not with Leonard’s tenuous status and Harden’s advanced age. Nor are the Sixers, who have a franchise centerpiece in Embiid whose near-constant health issues put him alongside Leonard when it comes to being a calculated risk.

George wanted to maximize his money, and he did just that. The Clippers wanted to protect their future, and they did that too. Whether that makes it a win-win is in the eye of the beholder, but it might be that simple in the end.

(Photos: Tim Heitman, Barry Gossage / NBAE via Getty Images. Illustration: Dan Goldfarb / The Athletic)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Sam Amick is a senior NBA writer for The Athletic. He has covered the Association for the better part of two decades while at USA Today, Sports Illustrated, AOL FanHouse and the Sacramento Bee. Follow Sam on Twitter @sam_amick

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5905671/2024/11/07/clippers-paul-george-sixers-warriors-trade/ 
 ----- 
