MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Clippers beat the one-win 76ers 110-98 in Paul George's return to Los Angeles
Published Nov. 7, 2024 12:41 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

INGLEWOOD, Calif. (AP) — Norman Powell scored 26 points — his seventh straight game with 20 or more — and the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Philadelphia 76ers 110-98 on Wednesday night in Paul George's return to face his old team.

George had 18 points on 7 of 9 shooting and seven rebounds in 24 minutes for the Sixers in his second game of the season. He's on a minutes restriction since a left knee injury delayed his season debut.

James Harden added 18 points, four rebounds and six assists for the Clippers.

Kelly Oubre Jr. also had 18 points for the Sixers. Caleb Martin had 14 points and Andre Drummond had 10 rebounds.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Sixers were without Joel Embiid who is serving a three-game suspension for shoving a Philly sports columnist. He's due to return on Tuesday, although he has yet to play this season because of a knee injury.

“I think that it’s really too bad, right? I don’t really want to get into the way people behave but I’m not sure either person was right,” Sixers coach Nick Nurse said before the game when asked about the incident. “Everybody’s got a job to do and both sides need to do it better, right?”

The Clippers dominated the fourth quarter, extending their lead to 94-72 on Amir Coffey's 3-pointer off Powell's pass.

Takeaways

Sixers: They dropped to 1-6, with their lone win coming in overtime against Indiana. Since then, they've lost four in a row.

Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Clippers: They improved to .500 at 4-4 while waiting for Kawhi Leonard to make his season debut. He's nursing inflammation in his surgically repaired right knee, the same issue that forced him out at times last season.

Key moment

Sixers starting guard Tyrese Maxey left the game because of right hamstring soreness. He finished with 12 points, one of four Sixers in double figures. He's led them in scoring five times, including a season-high 45 against the Pacers.

Key stat

Powell hit five of the Clippers' 10 3-pointers, the most of anyone in the game.

Up next

The Sixers visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday. The Clippers visit Sacramento on Friday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
LA Clippers
National Basketball Association
Philadelphia 76ers
Andre Drummond
Caleb Martin
Kelly Oubre Jr.
James Harden
Joel Embiid
Norman Powell
Paul George
Philadelphia 76ers
LA Clippers
NBA - Philadelphia 76ers vs. LA Clippers - 11/07/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/clippers-beat-the-onewin-76ers-11098-in-paul-georges-return-to-los-angeles 
 ----- 
