Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL West  /  San Francisco Giants
Wilmer Flores’ Home Run Power
By James Marshall
Photo by Andy Kuno/San Francisco Giants/Getty Images
Category San Francisco Giants
September 17, 2023

Wilmer Flores’ home run power has been a pleasant surprise for the San Francisco Giants. The team expected a power surge with resigning Joc Pederson and bringing in free agents Michael Conforto and Mitch Haniger. However except for Flores, the entire team has not lived up to the expectations in the home run department.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
Career High

With 12 games to go Flores already has his career high in home runs. So far, he has hit 22, half of them coming after the All-Star break. He has been the Giants’ most consistent hitter and shows no signs of slowing down. In fact, he has hit 13 of San Francisco’s 37 home runs since July 17. He has an 8.4 percent home run rate during that span, fourth-highest in MLB, and those 13 home runs since then are tied for the fifth-most in baseball.

Aggressive Approach

Wilmer Flores’ home run power comes from taking more of an aggressive approach in the strike zone, creating more power from his lower half. Assistant hitting coach Pedro Guerrero and director of hitting Dustin Lind have worked on his approach at the plate and being more selective at what pitches to swing at and it has succeeded.

Soft Spoken

A soft-spoken leader both on the field and in the clubhouse, you can say Flores singlehandedly has kept this team in contention for a Wild Card spot. He is one of the guys everybody looks up to especially if the team is struggling. His calm demeanor and love of the game are what makes him so approachable.

Offense and Defense

Flores has excelled not only with his offense, but defensively as well. He has played really well at first base and then fills in admirably at third base. Offensively, along with leading the team in home runs, he leads them in batting average, slugging, and total bases. With the team struggling on offense, partly due to the injuries to Brandon Crawford, Mike Yastrzemski, and Haniger, they have leaned on him over the past month.

30 Home Run Player

Wilmer Flores home run power has been a pleasant surprise. If he continues that surge and can get to 30 home runs or more this season, he will be the first player since Barry Bonds to accomplish this feat since 2004. The closest since then was in 2021 when Brandon Belt hit 29 home runs before breaking his thumb to end his season.

Playoff Push

The Giants have been hanging around the second half of the season in the Wild Card race. However, they have been the worst offensive team in MLB for more than a month. While Flores’ home run count has given the team and fans something to watch, one guy—even Wilmer Flores—will not be able to carry them into the playoffs. They will need the other power hitters along with Flores to get some consistency in their offense if they hope to grab a spot.

More San Francisco Giants Articles
Article navigation
← Blake Snell Named NL Pitcher of the Month
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← The Collapse of the San Diego Padres
Rangers Crumble in Series Opener to Red Sox →
 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category San Francisco Giants
Tags 2023 MLB Season 2023 San Francisco Giants Barry Bonds Brandon Belt Michael Conforto Mike Yastrzemski Mitch Haniger Wilmer Flores
Share "Wilmer Flores’ Home Run Power" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More San Francisco Giants News
Blake Snell Throws No-Hitter Versus Reds
San Francisco Giants
Giants Cap off Deadline With Trade for Mark Canha
San Francisco Giants
Matt Chapman Signs Six-Year Extension with Giants
San Francisco Giants
Blake Snell Named NL Pitcher of the Month
San Francisco Giants
Blake Snell Throws No-Hitter Versus Reds
San Francisco Giants
Giants Cap off Deadline With Trade for Mark Canha
San Francisco Giants
Matt Chapman Signs Six-Year Extension with Giants
San Francisco Giants
Blake Snell Named NL Pitcher of the Month
San Francisco Giants
James Marshall

Jim Marshall has lived in Phoenix, AZ for 50 years. He is an avid baseball fan, but enjoys all of Arizona's local sports teams, including Diamondbacks, Suns, Cardinals and Coyotes. In addition to the four major sports, he closely follows the Phoenix Mercury, Arizona Rattlers and Arizona State Sun Devils. Jim's passion for baseball continues beyond the field as he is an avid collector of baseball memorabilia. His favorite athlete of all time is Baseball Hall of Fame member Harmon Killebrew. In addition to watching, reading and talking about sports, he takes time to travel and appreciate the great state of Arizona with his lovely wife, Patti.

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/17/wilmer-flores-home-run-power/ 
 ----- 
