Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Formula 1
News
F1 - Formula 1
When was the last time Red Bull was out of Q3 in Qualifying?

Max Verstappen finished 11th, Sergio Perez in 13th.

Red Bull Racing / Red Bull Racing X
LW
16/09/2023 - 21:55 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
F1. Sergio Perez throws in the towel for Singapore GP: We're lost
F1. Verstappen avoids sanction despite three investigations

Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez are both out of the top 10 for the Singapore Grand Prix 2023. Making this Red Bull's first time in This is the first time in 5 years since the team's cars were out of Q3 in Formula 1 Qualifying.

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

The Singapore Grand Prix 2023 ended a long streak of the energy drinks team, where Max Verstappen (11th) and Sergio Perez (13th) were unable to fight for Pole Position. We would have to go back to the 2018 Russian Grand Prix when 'Mad Max' and Daniel Ricciardo did not access Q3; and since then, 101 races have passed for us to see it again.

Four years, 11 months, and 15 days later, a Red Bull car did not make it to Q3; which aggravates Checo Perez's nightmares, as it is the seventh time, out of 15, that he has failed to do so in Season 2023.

Other facts from the Singapore 2023 GP Qualifying
Lewis Hamilton's fifth-place finish equals his lowest Singapore start in his career, he remains the only driver to have raced in every Grand Prix at Marina Bay
Kevin Magnussen achieved his best start in Singapore with sixth place for Haas, having only reached Q3 once before this season, in Miami.
Fernando Alonso maintained his record of reaching Q3 in every race weekend this season with a seventh-place finish
Esteban Ocon achieved his best qualifying finish in Singapore with eighth place, after failing to reach Q3 in the last six races and in direct contrast to Monza, when both Alpine cars were eliminated in Q1
Nico Hulkenberg was ninth, meaning both Haas cars reached Q3 for the first time since Austria 2022
Liam Lawson was tenth: his AlphaTauri had been the only car on the grid that had failed to make it to Q3 so far, regardless of driver (Nyck de Vries, Daniel Ricciardo and Lawson)
Lance Stroll finished Q1 as the slowest qualifier for the second race in a row
Oscar Piastri was eliminated in Q1 for the first time since Miami in May
Alfa Romeo lost both cars in Q1, just like in Australia and Zandvoort
F1 - English
Red Bull Racing - English
Sergio Pérez - English
Max Verstappen - English
F1Helmut Marko receives written warning for remarks towards Checo Perez
Formula 1Vettel 'threatens' F1 comeback: Is Checo Perez's seat in jeopardy?
Formula 1Verstappen tired of winning: I'm not here to win seven titles or race until I'm 40
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/f1/2023/09/17/65066a9346163f06708b458d.html 
 ----- 
