Skip to main content
NFL PLAYOFF SCORES
United States [English]
Featured

NFL

NBA

MLB

NCAAF

Sports
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Soccer
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
WNBA
Boxing
MMA
WWE
F1
NASCAR
Golf
Tennis
College
High School
Horse Racing
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
Stadium Guides
EDITIONS
United States [English]
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Cricket should be controlled by ICC and not a country or individual' - Arjuna Ranatunga slams ACC, ICC

MOHIT KHAKHAR

September 16, 2023
•
4:13 am UTC

Arjuna Ranatunga has once again slammed the International Cricket Council (ICC). The former Sri Lankan skipper was concerned over the unprofessional handling of the India-Pakistan Super Four fixture at the Asia Cup 2023. 

As it turned out, the winner in the India-Pakistan game in the Super Fours was decided on the reserve day.

MORE: Bet on the Asia Cup 2023 final and other cricket matches here 

The Bangladesh and Sri Lanka Boards gave their green light to have the reserve day for one fixture only. Ranatunga was fuming over the above decision. He also criticised the Asian Cricket Council (ACC) to have kept Colombo as the venue, despite the occurrence and forecast of heavy rainfall.

What did Arjuna Ranatunga say about the ICC?

Ranatunga said that ICC should be the ones protecting the cricket, rather they act in an unprofessional way. He termed ICC as the "toothless tiger".

"I don’t know whether the ICC is acting today or whether we have ICC. They always say ICC is the toothless tiger. They act in a very unprofessional way. They should be the ones protecting cricket. Ultimately, cricket should be controlled by the ICC, not by a country or an individual."

He raised questions over the adding a reserve day only for the India-Pakistan clash.

“I am not very comfortable with some of the things, especially when you have a tournament where you change rules for one team. You’re looking at a disaster in the future. No one talks about it. Have you ever seen a single cricketer talk about this rule change? No. Why? They don’t want to miss the buck. Simple as that,” the 59-year-old seemed astonished with the decision. 

MORE: Irfan Pathan subtly trolls Pakistan over Asia Cup exit

What did Ranatunga say about the fans?

Ranatunga merited the fans for being so fond of the game. He admitted that the fans are more educated than the officials, and they deserve to be treated better. Ranatunga claimed that the poor scheduling is done by the powerful.

“Our crowd, our spectators are so educated in cricket. They have better knowledge than us. Why did they do this (poor scheduling)? Why do other countries allow that to happen? Because the BCCI is powerful, or one particular person is powerful", admitted Ranatunga.

Who will play in the Asia Cup 2023 Final?

India will face Sri Lanka in the Asia Cup 2023 Final. The match will be hosted at the R. Premadasa Stadium in Colombo, on 17th September, 2023. India are the only unbeaten team in the tournament. They are also the only team to have beaten Sri Lanka in the ongoing Asia Cup.

MORE: Adam Zampa dismantled by South Africa: Who has bowled the most expensive spell in ODIs?

MOHIT KHAKHAR

Mohit Khakhar is a content producer for The Sporting News India.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
F1 Teams
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/us/cricket/news/cricket-should-be-controlled-icc-and-not-country-or-individual-arjuna-ranatunga-slams-acc-icc/5ed507cdb9f94dfba6c64363 
 ----- 
