Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
OKC Thunder Starting Lineup Makes History Against LA Clippers
After Chet Holmgren suffered an injury against the Golden State Warriors, Isaiah Joe and Aaron Wiggins entered the starting lineup on Monday night.
Randall Sweet | Nov 12, 2024
Nov 11, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander (2) smiles after scoring against the Los Angeles Clippers during the fourth quarter at Paycom Center / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder

On Monday night, the Oklahoma City Thunder were forced to try a new starting lineup after Chet Holmgren suffered a hip injury in the team's previous game.

Without Holmgren available, Mark Daigneault elected to start Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Jalen Williams, Lu Dort, Isaiah Joe and Aaron Wiggins against the LA Clippers. The group was good enough to propel OKC to a 134-128 win and make history along way.

According to OptaSTATS, a sports data and analytics company, the Thunder are the first team in NBA history to score at least 114 points with a starting lineup featuring five players shorter than 6-foot-7.

The Thunder's small-ball lineup will be crucial over the next two to three months while Oklahoma City is without Holmgren. The team's initial success against the Clippers is promising and a good indication that OKC should be able to stay afloat in the Western Conference while its star center is sidelined.

Gilgeous-Alexander led the way with a career-high 45 points, while Williams added 28 in one of his best performances of the 2024-25 campaign. Dort scored 19, Joe notched 12 points and Wiggins chipped in 10 for the group's combined 114 points.

The Thunder's small-ball lineup worked well against the Clippers, but Daigneault and company shouldn't have to play without a center for much longer. Isaiah Hartenstein is set to return to action soon, and will likely enter the starting lineup immediately with Holmgren out.

In the meantime, Kenrich Williams made his return to the court last night, logging three points and one assist in six minutes. As the veteran continues to work his way back, Williams could also earn a spot in the team's starting lineup depending on the matchup.

Still, having a successful small-ball lineup is a helpful asset for the Thunder, who can counter a variety of play styles and schemes.

Want to join the discussion? Like Thunder on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 12, 2024
RANDALL SWEET

Randall Sweet is a 2022 Oklahoma University graduate who has formerly written for the Norman Transcript and OU Daily. Randall also serves as the Communications Coordinator at Visit OKC.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/okc-thunder-starting-lineup-makes-history-against-la-clippers-01jcgywrvhrv 
 ----- 
