Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Golden State Warriors
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
SHOP
CHASE CENTER
MY WARRIORS ACCOUNT
...
Warriors Announce Activations for 2024 Emirates NBA Cup Home Games
Tickets For All NBA Cup Matchups At Chase Center Are Available At Warriors.com
November 11, 20243:27 PM PST

The Golden State Warriors have announced activations for the team’s 2024 Emirates NBA Cup home games, also known as Warriors Cup Games, the first of which will take place November 12, against the Dallas Mavericks at 7 p.m. Fans can purchase tickets for all Warriors Cup games at Chase Center by visiting warriors.com or by calling 1-888-GSW-HOOP.

Fans in attendance at each Warriors Cup game will enjoy a heightened in-game experience and will receive limited-edition giveaways. During tomorrow’s matchup against the Mavericks, all fans in attendance will receive a Captain’s Hat, courtesy of Kaiser Permanente, while fans in attendance at the Warriors vs. Memphis Grizzlies game on Friday, November 15, will receive a custom Warriors Cup t-shirt, courtesy of J.P. Morgan Payments.

All NBA Cup Group Play and Quarterfinals Games will be played on a court unique to every team. The Warriors court includes the tournament trophy and the team’s secondary logo in the center of the court, which is featured on the team’s 2024-25 Statement Edition uniform that will be worn during both Warriors Cup games at home. 

In addition to the November 12 matchup against the Mavericks, upcoming NBA Cup games include a home matchup against the Grizzlies on Friday, November 15, at 7 p.m. and road games against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday, November 22, at 5 p.m. and the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday, December 3 at 7 p.m. 

Eight teams will advance to the Quarterfinals of the NBA Cup, with games played on Tuesday, December 10, and Wednesday, December 11. The winners of those games will advance to the Semifinals in Las Vegas. Each of the 22 teams that do not advance to the Quarterfinals of the NBA Cup will be assigned two regular season games (one home game and one away game) that will be played between December 12 and 16. For the official NBA Cup Information Guide, CLICK HERE.

 The Warriors have adopted all-in pricing, meaning the initial price displayed when browsing tickets is inclusive of all service fees, and no additional charges are added during the purchase flow. Warriors.com offers fans the only verified marketplace for game tickets that is 100% guaranteed by the organization. In partnership with Chase Center Founding Partner Ticketmaster, the Warriors resale marketplace offers a safe and convenient way for fans to access all levels of tickets throughout the regular season and playoffs. SuiteXchange, a verified suite resale marketplace, is available for fans looking for single-game premium spaces at Chase Center for the 2024-25 season.

Related Articles
Warriors Announce Activations for 2024 Emirates NBA Cup Home Games
Abundant Starpower Headlines Warriors 'NBA Cup' West Group C
Game Preview: Warriors vs. Dallas Mavericks NBA Cup - 11/12/24
WARRIORS.COM
GSW Sports LLC
Career Opportunities
My Warriors Account
COMMUNITY
Community Foundation
Donation Requests
STAY CONNECTED
Social Media
Get Mobile App
Insider Email
中文
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/warriors/news/warriors-announce-activations-for-2024-emirates-nba-cup-home-games-20241111 
 ----- 
