BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

SPORTS

Afghanistan Vs South Africa, ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, Match 42: Three Key Battles To Look Forward To

This is a do-or-die game for Afghanistan, who must win big against South Africa to ensure a semi-final berth in the 2023 ODI World Cup. Here are three key battles from the AFG vs RSA game in Ahmedabad

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 9 November 2023 11:10 am
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
Rashid Khan during the India vs Afghanistan match in the 2023 ODI World Cup in Delhi.

The wounds of Tuesday night would still be fresh for Afghanistan. They had Australia on the ropes at 91/7 and looked like scripting a historic win, but a certain Glenn Maxwell had other ideas. The 'Big Show' constructed arguably one of the best ODI innings ever to take the five-time champions over the line and into the semi-finals of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023. The Afghans need to forget the gutting loss, at least till they are alive in the tournament, and focus on their next game against South Africa in Ahmedabad on Friday, November 10. (Match Blog | Streaming | Scorecard | Preview)

The Proteas were flying high in the showpiece event with win after big win, before they came up against the Indian juggernaut and received a 243-run shellacking. Nevertheless, the Temba Bavuma-led side is assured a spot in the last-four stage and will take on Australia there in a repeat of the 2007 ODI World Cup semi-final.

South Africa will look to head into the knockout match against the Aussies on a high, and with a victory under their belt that will help regain the momentum lost with the demoralizing loss against Rohit Sharma's team. For Afghanistan, on the other hand, this is a do-or-die game and they need to not just win, but also win big to ensure their net run rate is high enough to overtake that of New Zealand and Pakistan, in case they win their respective last-league games. It will be a tough task for the Hashmatullah Shahidi-led side, but not one beyond them.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer zonder kunnen
Energieke Kousen
Geniet van ultieme luxe in Zakynthos hotels
Yahoo! | Zoek Advertenties
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldi g)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk eens)
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Meer informatie

With that, here's a look at three key battles that could influence the outcome of the AFG vs RSA game at the Narendra Modi Stadium:

Ibrahim Zadran Vs Marco Jansen
Though his knock was overshadowed by Maxwell's double century later, opener Ibrahim Zadran shone bright against Australia, scoring an unbeaten 129 that made him Afghanistan's first centurion in the ODI World Cup. He has been giving his team good starts on a consistent basis and is their highest run-getter in the tournament thus far. But on Friday, he will have to contend with the tall, lanky Marco Jansen who had easily been the most consistent bowler at this edition of the World Cup before Indian batters thrashed him all over the park. The beating he took from the hosts would have fired up the 23-year-old left-arm seamer to bounce back with a vengeance.    

Hashmatullah Shahidi Vs Keshav Maharaj 
Afghanistan captain Hashmatullah Shahidi is putting up a consistent show in the tournament. He has scored 308 runs in eight games, the second-most for Afghanistan, which have played a crucial role in his team’s victories. He would look to step up and play a captain's innings once again, but it won't be easy against the wily left-arm spin of Keshav Maharaj. The 33-year-old Maharaj has looked in rhythm and has bagged 12 wickets in the 2023 ODI World Cup so far, including Shubman Gill's scalp off what many considered as the 'Ball Of The Tournament'.    

Rashid Khan Vs Quinton de Kock 
Everyone who follows cricket closely knows that Rashid Khan is the nucleus of the Afghan side. Be it with bat, ball or in the field as a senior pro, his contributions are pivotal to his team's progress. He has had a relatively quiet World Cup with the ball so far by his standards, with nine wickets. But since batters are aware of his threat and have looked to play him out, Rashid has a fantastic economy of 4.58 runs per over. But continuing that will be a big challenge against the rampaging Quinton de Kock, who has taken the tournament, his last in the 50-over format, by storm with an avalanche of runs. De Kock leads the batting charts currently with 550 runs, and will aim to add many more on Friday, including against the experienced Rashid. 

Tags
Cricket
Afghanistan National Cricket Team
South Africa National Cricket Team
Quinton De Kock
Keshav Maharaj
Rashid Khan
2023 ODI World Cup
Hashmatullah Shahidi
Marco Jansen
Ibrahim Zadran
ICC World Cup 2023
ICC Cricket World Cup 2023
PREVIOUS STORY
Hyderabad Formula E Race Controversy Explained In 5 Points
NEXT STORY
PAK Vs RSA, 2nd Test: ICC Docks Pakistan Five WTC Points For Slow Over Rate
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgevonden waar nu om gevochte...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Ontdek de top luxe hotels op Zakynthos
Zoeken naar Zakynthos luxe hotels
Yahoo! | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie pr...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijze...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Voordelen van Windenergie
Eneco heeft een joint venture gevormd met Equinor voor de offsh...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Geen honger, geen strenge diët en? met deze capsules verbra...
Hoe duizenden tevreden gebruikers hun gewichtsverliesdoelen sneller...
consumer-review.eu
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Eneco's Vooruitgang in Hernieuwbare Energie en Duurzaamheid
Door samenwerkingen en CO₂-reductie-initiatieve n speelt Eneco een leidende rol in de energietra...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Vind matrassen van hoge kwaliteit tegen geweldige prijzen
Matrassen | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
Waarom deskundigen speculeren dat SHAPE wel eens het einde van de...
consumer-review.eu
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Hoeveel kost het om een huis leeg te halen na een overlijden?
Huis Leeg Te Halen
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
Bumrah's Workload Management: Should Pace Spearhead Forget Test Cricket, And Focus On T20? Here's What Ex-IND Player Said
Bangladesh Premier League: Fortune Barishal Down Sylhet Strikers By Seven Wickets
Jasprit Bumrah Nominated For ICC Player Of The Month Award After Heroics Against Australia
BBL 2024-25: Thomas Stewart Rogers Heroics Helps Melbourne Renegades Beat Perth Scorchers At Furnace
PSL 2025 Retention List: Check Players Retained By Teams Before Pakistan Super League Draft
Football News
Tottenham Vs Liverpool: EFL Cup A Distraction From Spurs' Poor League Form, Says Postecoglou
Chelsea Women Extend Norway Winger Guro Reiten's Contract Till 2026
Inter 2-3 Milan, Italian Super Cup Final: Leao Can Be 'Best In The World', Says Conceicao
Tottenham Hotspur Extend Son Heung-Min's Contract Until June 2026
ISL 2024-25, Winter Transfer Window: East Bengal FC Ropes In Richard Enrique Celis Sanchez
Tennis News
Australian Open 2025 Guide: Preview, Schedule, Prize Money, Live Streaming - All You Need To Know
Australian Open: Naomi Osaka Optimistic Over Participation Despite Injury Concerns
Australian Open: Novak Djokovic Feels 'Trauma', Three Years On From Melbourne Deportation
United Cup: Coco Gauff, Taylor Fritz Power USA To Title With Final Win Over Poland
Brisbane International: Aryna Sabalenka Beats Polina Kudermetova To Win Women's Title
Hockey News
Hockey India League Match 14 Highlights: Kalinga Lancers Thrash Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers 6-0 For First Win
Kalinga Lancers Vs Rarh Bengal Tigers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match
Hockey India League Highlights, Soorma Hockey Club 2-2 Delhi SG Pipers: SHC Grab Bonus Point After Harmanpreet B'day Special
Hockey India League: Harmanpreet Propels Soorma To Draw, Bonus Point Against Delhi SG Pipers
Soorma Hockey Club Vs Delhi SG Pipers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match
Trending Stories
National News
Amid Manmohan Singh Death Row , Government To Set Former President Pranab Mukherjee’s Memorial
Karnataka CM Express Displeasure Over Delay In Fund Utilisation By Social Welfare Department
'Stranger To Child': SC Denies Late Bengaluru Techie Atul Subhash's Mother Custody Of Her Minor Grandson
Severe Cold Winter Grips North India, Locals Struggle With Foggy Days 
Dateline Srinagar: Surviving Journalism In Kashmir
Entertainment News
Oscars 2025: Kanguva, All We Imagine As Light, Girls Will Be Girls And Other Indian Films On Contenders List for Best Picture
Golden Globes 2025 Best Picture Winner The Brutalist To Release In India In January
Azaad Trailer: Aaman Devgan And Rasha Thadani Look Promising As Newcomers, Ajay Devgn Excels As A Rebel
Golden Globes 2025: See All The Stars With Most Dazzling Looks
The Architecture & Design Film Festival (ADFF) New York’s South Asian Promises An Unprecedented Cinematic Showcase
US News
Donald Trump Jr Visits Greenland After Father Aspires To Buy The Island
Seattle Police Officer Fired After Fatal Collision That Killed Indian Student Jaahnavi Kandula
Mexican Citizen Killed After Shooting In Honduran Consulate Near Atlanta
US Winter Blast Causes Travel Disruptions, Closure Of Schools And Offices
Donald Trump Calls For US-Canada Merger As Justin Trudeau Announces Exit
World News
Meta Replaces Fact-Checking With X-Style Community Notes
Bangladesh: Ex-PM Sheikh Hasina's Passport Revoked Along With 96 Others
Earthquake Update: 126 Dead, 188 Injured As 6.8 Magnitude Jolts Tibet; Tremors Felt In Nepal, India
Severe Flooding Hits UK, Disrupting Communities, Causing Widespread Damage
Donald Trump Jr Visits Greenland After Father Aspires To Buy The Island
Latest Stories
Amit Shah Launches 'Bharatpol': Interpol's Assistance, Real-Time Interface| About CBI's Anti-Crime Portal
Congress' Delhi Dilemma: Kejriwal Critique or Opposition Unity
Tamil Nadu: DMK Demands Governor RN Ravi's Resignation Over National Anthem Row
Assam Mine Accident: Navy Divers Called To Rescue Miners, One Arrested: Assam CM
US Winter Blast Causes Travel Disruptions, Closure Of Schools And Offices
Azaad Trailer: Aaman Devgan And Rasha Thadani Look Promising As Newcomers, Ajay Devgn Excels As A Rebel
Earthquake Updates: 95 Dead,130 Injured After 7.1 Quake Jolts Tibet; 6.0 Magnitude Quake Hits Japan
IND's Champions Trophy Squad: BCCI Selectors To Chose Bumrah As Rohit Sharma's Deputy - Report
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/afghanistan-vs-south-africa-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023-match-42-three-key-battles-to-look-forward-to-news-329772 
 ----- 
