English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: South Africa vs Afghanistan - Who will win ODI between South Africa and Afghanistan?

ODI World Cup 2023: South Africa vs Afghanistan - Who will win ODI between South Africa and Afghanistan?
The match will be played at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.

SPORTSTIGER STAFF
Author

Updated - 09 Nov 2023 08:27 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: November 10, 2023
Time: 2:00 pm IST
Venue: Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad
Live Ball-by-ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Follow:  ODI World Cup 2023 Live Scores

Preview

In match 42 of the ODI World Cup 2023, South Africa will take on Afghanistan at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. While the Proteas Men have been one of the consistent teams of the flagship tournament, Afghanistan have also registered some upsets, playing some top knocks in the tournament. Therefore, this clash between the Protean and Afghans will give a clear picture of the World Cup semifinal spot as well as the Champions Trophy place.

Pitch Report

The pitches at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad during the ODI World Cup 2023 have provided something for the batters and bowlers alike. The average first innings score at this venue is 237, which could get eclipsed if the top order of South Africa manages to get past the new ball spells from the fast bowlers.

Team Analysis

South Africa

Being the highest run scorer in ODI World Cup 2023, Quinton de Kock has been their key player at the top of the order with Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram also playing some crucial knocks. On the other hand, Keshav Maharaj and Marco Jansen have been powering all cylinders in the bowling department to put up a collective performance as a unit.

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa

Quinton de Kock (wk), Temba Bavuma (C), Rassie van der Dusen, Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngidi, Tabraiz Shamsi.

Afghanistan

The Hashmatullah Shahidi-led Afghanistan has emerged as the biggest surprise in the World Cup with an incredible performance, both from the batters as well as the bowlers. While they defeated the World Cup champions, they played a close match against the Aussie off late. While their batter have come up good, including Ibrahim Zadran and Azmatullah Omarzai, their biggest strength in bowlers, including Rashid Khan, Naveen-ul-Haq have also proved their mettle.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Afghanistan

Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Ibrahim Zadran, Rahmat Shah, Hasmatullah Shahidi (C), Azmatullah Omarzai, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Ikram Alikhil (wk), Mujeed ur Rahman, Noor Ahmed, Naveen-ul-Haq

Match Prediction

Conclusion

South Africa are favourites to defeat Afghanistan in their upcoming ODI World Cup 2023 encounter owing to the form that they have displayed in the course of the tournament. Nevertheless, one should not underestimate the power of the Afghans, seeing their batting against the five-time champions and some brilliant bowling from the pacers as well as the spinners.

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

South AfricaAfghanistan
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-south-africa-vs-afghanistan-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-south-africa-and-afghanistan-sa-vs-afg-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
