English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs Bangladesh and MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs Bangladesh and MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More
Both Pakistan and Bangladesh have an outside chance of making it to the semis.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 04 Nov 2022 06:37 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:

Date: November 06, 2022
Time:  09:30 AM IST
Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview:


Pakistan have got a new lease of life after registering a thrilling victory over South Africa in their last fixture. With that win, Pakistan kept their chances to qualify for the semi-final stage alive as they now need to register a win by a huge margin against Bangladesh, and hope either India or South Africa lose their last game.

However, Pakistan will not have an easy time against Bangladesh as the Tigers even made it difficult for India at one stage. Both sides feature a couple of quality cricketers in their side and let's look at the fantasy prediction for the match.

Weather Report:


  


Pitch Report:


  


Team Analysis:


Iftikhar Ahmed and Shadab Khan should make a direct entry into the fantasy side considering their top form in the ongoing T20 World Cup 2022. Mohammad Nawaz can also be added in Fantasy 11 as he has played some crucial innings in the tournament.

Mohammad Haris is another in-from batter who can give chances depending on the availability of credit points. Shaheen Afridi will lead the pace attack along with Mohammad Wasim Jr. and Naseem Shah. Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan haven't come good in the tournament and so will be high-risk options.


Probable playing XI:


Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Haris, Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf, Naseem Shah


Bangladesh:


Shakib Al Hasab-led side has been pretty disappointing throughout the edition but Litton Das' knock against India was one of the takeaways from them. Najmul Hossain Shanto too made a decent contribution and can get a chance in the fantasy squad. Despite the rich experience, Bangladesh skipper Shakib Al Hasan has been pretty disappointing throughout the edition and will be a high-risk option but he has taken wickets and will get a chance to chip with the bat as well. Hasan Mahmud could be added to the Fantasy 11 as he has been pretty good with the ball.


Probable playing XI:


Najmul Hossain Shanto, Litton Das, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Afif Hossain, Yasir Ali, Mosaddek Hossain, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud, Taskin Ahmed, Shoriful Islam


Key players:


  


People's pick:


  



Grand League Fantasy Suggestion:
  
Head-to-head Fantasy Suggestion:


  
Best 14:

Wicketkeepers: Nurul Hasan, Mohammad Rizwan
Batters: Mohammad Haris, Shan Masood, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Litton Das
All-rounders: Shadab Khan, Shakib Al Hasan, Mohammad Nawaz, Iftikhar Ahmed
Bowlers: Shaheen Afridi, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Haris Rauf

Disclaimer:  The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.


LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir lashes out at India players; issues stern warning ahead of Sydney Test: Reports

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/pak-vs-ban-dream11-prediction-pakistan-vs-bangladesh-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-pak-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-live-at-930-am-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
