Trending
WORLD Father of woman killed in South Korea air crash says the tragedy is unbelievableNATION MEX disrupted by technical failure, major congestion at Putrajaya tollCORPORATE Azmil raring to lead ambitious KL-Karak Expressway expansionNATION Operation against porn, paedophiles to continue nationwide, says deputy IGPWORLD What we know about Jeju Air plane crash in South KoreaBADMINTON Too bad for BAM, Wan Wah not availableNATION Ring in the New Year with Sunway's year-end eventsTECH HUAWEI Mate X6: Lightweight, reliable foldable smartphone
WORLD Father of woman killed in South Korea air crash says the tragedy is unbelievableNATION MEX disrupted by technical failure, major congestion at Putrajaya tollCORPORATE Azmil raring to lead ambitious KL-Karak Expressway expansionNATION Operation against porn, paedophiles to continue nationwide, says deputy IGPWORLD What we know about Jeju Air plane crash in South KoreaBADMINTON Too bad for BAM, Wan Wah not availableNATION Ring in the New Year with Sunway's year-end eventsTECH HUAWEI Mate X6: Lightweight, reliable foldable smartphone
Japan tame North Korea in World Cup qualifiers, Son scores in draw
By Afp - March 22, 2024 @ 12:21am
Japan's Ao Tanaka celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates. - REUTERS PIC

Hong Kong: Japan and Australia strode towards the next stage of Asian qualifying for the 2026 World Cup but South Korea dropped points despite leading through talisman Son Heung-min.

Later, Iran thrashed Turkmenistan, Asian champions Qatar beat Kuwait and Saudi Arabia won against Tajikistan as the Middle East's heavyweights remained unbeaten.

And Palestine, their supporters in Gaza reeling from the Israel-Hamas war, crashed five unanswered goals past a porous Bangladesh for their first win in Group I.

In Tokyo, Germany-based midfielder Ao Tanaka scored the only goal after two minutes to give Japan a nervy 1-0 win over North Korea.

FEATURED VIDEOS

With three wins from three, Japan are firmly on course to reach the third stage of qualifying for the World Cup in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

North Korea, who are still in the hunt despite the defeat, were cheered on by a vocal contingent of supporters from Japan's 300,000-strong ethnic Korean community.

"We wanted to bring good results for our compatriots but we couldn't, and for that, we're very sorry," said North Korea's coach Sin Yong Nam.

Japan and North Korea are scheduled to meet again on Tuesday in a game that was slated to take place in the North Korean capital Pyongyang.

It looks set to be moved, however, after the North Koreans told Japan at half-time that they cannot host it, according to Japan's football chief.

Hajime Moriyasu's Japan hardly sparkled but it was a welcome, if unconvincing, return to winning ways after a disappointing Asian Cup where they exited in the quarter-finals.

South Korea's captain Son Heung Min (L) celebrates with teammate Joo Min-kyu after scoring a goal during the FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers second round group C football match between South Korea and Thailand at at Seoul World Cup Stadium on March 21, 2024. - AFP Pic

Another team trying to move on from the Asian Cup was South Korea as they hosted Thailand in Seoul.

Skipper and Spurs ace Son scored in the first half but the Koreans were pegged back in a 1-1 draw in their first match since the sacking of Jurgen Klinsmann.

It was also the first game since revelations about a bust-up between Son and Paris Saint-Germain's Lee Kang-in at the Asian Cup, where South Korea lost 2-0 to Jordan in the last four.

Son was left with a dislocated finger in the fracas at their team hotel in Qatar on the eve of the semi-final.

Lee started on the bench on Thursday but came on soon after Thailand grabbed a shock equaliser through Suphanat Mueanta.

Thailand are second in Group C on goal difference from China, who squandered a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at Singapore in Branko Ivankovic's first match as China coach.

In Sydney, Australia's Scottish connection helped them to a 2-0 victory over a determined Lebanon to move onto a perfect nine points.

St Mirren midfielder Keanu Baccus struck early in the first half before Hearts defender Kye Rowles added a second on 54 minutes.

Iran hammered Turkmenistan 5-0 in Tehran, with Hossein Kanani scoring twice and Sardar Azmoun, on loan to Roma from Bayer Leverkusen, also getting on the scoresheet.

Jordan, who lost the Asian Cup final to hosts Qatar last month, beat Pakistan 3-0 for their first victory in Group G.

Qatar were comfortable 3-0 home winners against Kuwait thanks to Akram Afif's double either side of Ahmed Al Rawi's strike.

But Saudi Arabia, sole bidders for the 2034 World Cup, needed Salem Al-Dawsari's first-half goal for their 1-0 win over 99th-ranked Tajikistan in Riyadh.

Keywords: Jurgen KlinsmannSon Heung-minLee Winston Leandro Da Silva OliveiraSardar AzmounHajime MoriyasuBranko IvankovicAo TanakaKeanu BaccusKye RowlesHossein KanaanizadeganSin Yong NamJurgenklinsmannTurkmenistanGermanybasedBayerleverkusen
RELATED ARTICLES
FOOTBALL Sep 11, 2024 @ 5:02am
China coach Ivankovic encouraged by improved performance in Saudi loss
FOOTBALL Sep 6, 2024 @ 6:05am
China coach laments 'most difficult night' after 7-0 loss to Japan
FOOTBALL Sep 6, 2024 @ 6:00am
Son Heung-min urges South Korea fans to back new coach
FOOTBALL Sep 6, 2024 @ 4:55am
Chinese football numb after 'disastrous' 7-0 Japan thrashing
MOST POPULAR
LATEST
MOST READ
2m
RM93,000 worth of smuggled cosmetics seized in Pengkalan Kubor
17m
Assistant medical officer killed, seven others injured in Pekan accident
22m
Flash floods hit two Kluang villages, eight families evacuated after heavy rain
31m
Several roads in Kelantan affected by foods, landslides
34m
Fitch Ratings raises Malaysian CPO price forecast for 2025 and beyond
38m
Family values drive Federal International, Masteron's progress - founder
40m
Bursa Malaysia starts final week subdued but Rakuten bullish about year-end performance
ACROSS NEW STRAITS TIMES
WORLD 3 hours ago
Father of woman killed in South Korea air crash says the tragedy is unbelievable
NATION 3 hours ago
MEX disrupted by technical failure, major congestion at Putrajaya toll
CORPORATE 3 hours ago
Azmil raring to lead ambitious KL-Karak Expressway expansion
NATION 4 hours ago
Operation against porn, paedophiles to continue nationwide, says deputy IGP
WORLD 5 hours ago
Former US president Jimmy Carter dies aged 100
BADMINTON Dec 29, 2024 @ 10:06am
Too bad for BAM, Wan Wah not available
BRANDED CONTENT
NATION Dec 17, 2024 @ 12:36am
Agriculture Ministry allocates RM13.2mil to flooded rice farmers
NATION Dec 4, 2024 @ 9:26am
Private companies donate RM35.8mil to assist flood victims
NATION Dec 13, 2024 @ 8:13am
Housing and Local Govt Ministry joins mission to assist flood victims
NATION Nov 24, 2024 @ 10:37am
Madani govt anniversary bash a huge success
NATION Dec 18, 2024 @ 5:02am
Merdeka 118 Youth Programme Unleashes the Power of Youth Talent!
GET MOBILE APP
NEWS
Crime & Courts
Govt / Public Policy
Nation
Politics
BUSINESS
Business Times
Property
Cars Bikes Trucks
LIFE & TIMES
Sunday Vibes
Bots
Heal
Flair
Jom!
Groove
SPORTS
Football
Badminton
Tennis
Cycling
Golf
MMA
MotorSport
Cricket
Others
WORLD
World
Region
RADIO
Get Audio+
Hot FM
Buletin FM
Fly FM
Eight FM
Molek FM
OPINION
Columnists
Letters
Leader
GALLERY
Photos
Infographics
NST PODCAST
NST TV
EDUCATION
VOUCHER
2024 © New Straits Times, New Straits Times Press (M) Bhd (Co. No. 196101000449 / 4485 H). A part of Media Prima Group.
Subscribe
Disclaimer
Personal Data Protection Act
Contact Us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nst.com.my/sports/football/2024/03/1028903/japan-tame-north-korea-world-cup-qualifiers-son-scores-draw 
 ----- 
