Skip to main content
SBNation.com homepage
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
SBNation.com main menu
SECRET BASE
BREAKAWAY
BETTING 
NFL 
NBA 
CBB 
CFB 
GOLF
MORE 

FILED UNDER:

MLB
Phillies fans were going through it as only Philadelphians can after loss to Mets

We feel for you Phillies fans, but this is incredible content

By Mark Schofield@MarkSchofield  Oct 10, 2024, 10:11am EDT  0 Comments / 0 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Mark Schofield is a former college quarterback and attorney covering the NFL.

The Philadelphia Phillies enjoyed a magical regular season. They finished with a 95-67 regular season record, six games ahead of the Atlanta Braves in the NL East and with the second-best record in the National League. That earned them the No. 2 seed in the NL playoffs, and a bye ahead of the NLDS.

However, that magical season came to a nightmarish end on Wednesday night, when the New York Mets won Game 4 of the NLDS, eliminating the Phillies 3-1. The big blast came in the bottom of the sixth, when Francisco Lindor cleared the bases with a grand slam, staking the Mets to a 4-1 lead:

It was a moment of jubilation for the hometown fans at Citi Field, but a moment of heartbreak for Phillies fans, including those watching at a Philadelphia bar. 69 News traveled to 1100 Social to interview fans during the game, fans who were absolutely going through it...

“So, there’s a couple low points in my life,” began Courtney O’Neill. “My dog passing away and them hitting a grand slam. The grand slam took the cake.”

O’Neill did not stop there.

“I feel like I might either check into AA, therapy, or an institute of some sort because this is crap,” continued O’Neill. “It’s full of crap.”

O’Neill was not alone. One fan interviewed by 69 News evacuated Florida ahead of Hurricane Milton, only to see her Phillies lose while in Philadelphia.

“I evacuated from the hurricane maybe six or seven hours ago,” said Montana Chambers. “I’m here from the hurricane, and my Phillies are losing.”

A pair of fans, wearing nothing but overalls with Phillies logos, admitted they were “fed up” by the loss.

“We’re fed up, we’re fed up,” began Colton Christie. “We had such great expectations, and now we’re just done.”

You can see the entire incredible segment here:

We feel for you, Phillies fans. But this is incredible content.

NEXT UP IN MLB
Is Bartolo Colon the worst batter ever to hit a home run?
In this photo, Mike Morse is hitting a grand slam without a baseball bat
The whole 2001 ALDS Game 3 needs a deep rewind
The man with the infinite ERA
The three-ball walk, and other counting failures
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the SB Nation Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of all your sports news from SB Nation
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbnation.com/mlb/2024/10/10/24266892/mlb-nlds-scores-stats-phillies-mets-video-watch 
 ----- 
