Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIES
100 losses loom as Rockies’ offense no-shows in loss to Cardinals
Rockies must win three of their four remaining games to dodge 100 losses
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Austin Gomber (26) pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals at Coors Field in Denver Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024. (Photo by Andy Cross/The Denver Post)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 25, 2024 at 9:53 PM MST

LoDo, we have a problem.

An ongoing problem to be precise.

Playing at a hitter’s paradise, better known as Coors Field, the Rockies’ offense continues to underperform.

The Rockies had nine mostly empty hits in a 5-2 loss to the Cardinals on Wednesday night. They were 1 for 6 with runners in scoring position and struck out 11 times.

Fireworks came late with Brenton Doyle’s leadoff homer in the ninth off lefty reliever Matthew Liberatore. It was Doyle’s 23rd homer of the season, but his first since Aug. 29.

Colorado, on course for its second straight 100-loss season, has scored three runs or fewer 35 times at home this season, extending a franchise record. The old mark was 31 times in 2011.

“Offensively, it hasn’t been the year that we had hoped for,” manager Bud Black said. “When you start the season, you have expectations for your group. We had some guys take a step back, but we also had some guys take a step forward.

“But this season … there haven’t been enough guys have the type of season we anticipated.”

Black hopes the younger players will continue to grow, but knows the whole team needs to improve.

“We have talked about this a lot,” he said. “We have to cut down on our strikeouts and we need a better two-strike approach. (Our) situational hitting needs to improve.

“Tonight, again, we had double-digit strikeouts. We have to make sure that (improving the offense) is a huge priority going into next year, whether it’s personnel or whether it’s major adjustments.”

With a 60-98 record, the Rockies must win three of their four remaining games to dodge 100 losses. Last year’s 103-loss season was the worst in franchise history.

Cardinals right-hander Erick Fedde was in command for seven innings, scattering six hits, allowing one run, and fanning 10.

Rockies starter Austin Gomber wasn’t great in his final start of the season, but he wasn’t as bad as the black-and-white box score will show: Four runs allowed on seven hits over five innings. He struck out three and didn’t walk any.

Gomber took pride in the fact that he “went to the post” all season and his rigorous offseason routine kept his back healthy.

“Compared to the last couple years I feel great,” he said. “My back feels great. Not one day this year did I wake up with a sore back or anything. That was nice and it shows that the adjustments I made paid off.”

Wednesday night, the left-hander was victimized by a few hard hits balls and several hits that rolled to daylight.

St. Louis scored a single run off Gomber in the second, third, fourth and fifth innings:

• Thomas Saggese’s RBI double to drive in Ivan Herrera was the key hit of the second.

• Masyn Winn led off the third with a triple off the right-field wall and scored on Brendan Donovan’s sacrifice fly.

• Singles by Nolan Arenado, Saggese and Pedro Pages produced a run in the fourth.

• In the fifth, Winn scorched a leadoff double off the right-field wall, advanced to third on Donovan’s groundout to second and scored on Paul Goldschmidt’s sacrifice fly to right.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo

Gomber finished his season 5-12 with a 4.75 ERA over a career-high 30 starts and a career-high 165 innings pitched. He walked one or fewer batters in his last five starts, finishing the season with a career-low 2.07 walks per nine innings.

“I’m proud of the fact that Austin got to 30 starts and pretty much answered the bell all season,” Black said. “He held up his end of the bargain, in the big picture.”

Colorado’s lone run off Fedde came in the third, but the inning could have been more bountiful. Jacob Stallings led off with a single and Nolan Jones followed with a double to left-center that nearly cleared the wall.

Second baseman Aaron Schunk, filling in for Brendan Rodgers who’s still nursing a tight right hamstring, drove in Stallings with a single to left.

But Schunk was thrown out trying to steal second and then Charlie Blackmon scorched a line drive straight into Goldschmidt’s glove at first, and Goldschmidt threw across the diamond to double-up Jones at third base.

Given some consistent playing time, Schunk has delivered.  He extended his career-best hitting streak to seven games, during which he’s hit .526 (10 for 19).

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Thursday’s pitching matchup

Cardinals RHP Kyle Gibson (8-8, 4.13 ERA) at Rockies LHP Kyle Freeland (5-8, 4.95)

1:10 p.m. Thursday, Coors Field

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

Radio: 850 AM, 94.1 FM

After a terrible four-game start to his season, followed by a two-month stint on the injured list with a left elbow strain, Freeland has been solid. He’d certainly like to finish his season strong, especially after not pitching particularly well in his last start in Los Angeles where the Dodgers tagged him for four runs on seven hits over six innings. The lefty has fared well at home, going 2-1 with a 3.75 ERA in nine starts at Coors Field. Freeland has faced the Cardinals six times in his career, going 0-3 with a 4.54 ERA, including 22 strikeouts and 13 walks. Freeland last faced St. Louis at Coors on April 11, 2023, allowing two runs on six hits in across six innings.

Gibson will make his fifth career start vs. Colorado. He last faced the Rockies on June 8 at Busch Stadium, allowing three runs over six innings in the Cardinals’ 6-5 loss. He has not allowed a home run in two starts (12 1/3 innings) at Coors Field, where’s 1-0 with a 3.65 ERA. Gibson was charged with a loss last Friday when the Cardinals lost, 5-1, to Cleveland. He gave up four runs (three earned) on six hits and three walks over six innings. He struck out two.

Pitching probables

Friday: Dodgers TBA at Rockies RHP Cal Quantrill (8-10, 4.72), 6:10 p.m.

Saturday: Dodgers RHP Yoshinobu Yamamoto (6-2, 2.96) at Rockies RHP Antonio Senzatela (0-0, 3.38), 6:10 p.m.

Sunday: Dodgers RHP Landon Knack (3-5, 3.74) at Rockies RHP Ryan Feltner (3-10, 4.66), 1:10 p.m.

End of regular season

The latest Rockies news: Sign up for Breaking Rockies News email alerts.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Denver Post.

Originally Published: September 25, 2024 at 9:07 PM MST
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The 20 Worst Failed Restaurant Chains That Nobody Misses
Definition
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
ASK Parents
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
A Man Has Found a Way to Grow Hair! This is Not a Joke
BioGrow
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
If You Have a Gassy Stomach, Do This Immediately for Parasite Cleanse
WellnessGaze News
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Healthier Living Tips
Forget Vitamin B, Do This if You Have Neuropathy & Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
10 Foods You Cannot Eat when You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Diabetes? Do This to Lower Blood Sugar (Naturally)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signals That You Have Myelodysplasia Syndrome! (Learn More)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
How to End Insomnia & Get Sleep (This Will Force Your Brain to Relax)
WG Sleep Health
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Lymph Fluid & Excessive Swelling? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Edema
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Going Bald? Do This Immediately if Your Hair is Thinning (It's Genius)
WG Hair Restore
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Surgeon: Unclog Your Arteries by 93% (Without Giving Up Salt)
WellnessGaze Heart
Vertigo: Do This to Relieve Dizziness (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Notre Dame gets late pick and field goal to make title game with 27-24 win over Penn State
DPS board members express frustration after John Youngquist accused them of violating open meetings law
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
These are the most popular songs played on digital jukebox TouchTunes in Denver and Colorado
Backcountry skier killed in avalanche in Colorado’s San Juan Mountains
After losing its previous space, comedy club finds new home, fills it with stand-up headliners
Avalanche wallops Wild in one of its most impressive performances of the season
Broncos’ P.J. Locke on Jets’ interest in DC Vance Joseph as head coach: “He deserves it”
Renck: Sean Payton is reason Broncos can win Sunday. Bill Parcells’ influence helped shape him
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
25
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/25/rockies-cardinals-score-offense-no-show/ 
 ----- 
