Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
TikTok ban
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Erick Fedde fans 10 as Cardinals beat Rockies 5-2 for 4th straight win
1 of 6 |  

St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Erick Fedde works against the Colorado Rockies in the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

2 of 6 |  

Colorado Rockies’ Charlie Blackmon follows the flight of his single off St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Erick Fedde in sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

3 of 6 |  

St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Ryan Helsley, front, is congratulated by third baseman Nolan Arenado after getting Colorado Rockies’ Sam Hilliard to hit into a game-ending double play on one pitch in a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

Read More
4 of 6 |  

From left, St. Louis Cardinals left fielder Brandon Donovan joins center fielder Michael Siani and right fielder Victor Scott II in celebration after deafeating the Colorado Rockies in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

5 of 6 |  

St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Andrew Kittredge works against the Colorado Rockies in eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

6 of 6 |  

Colorado Rockies relief pitcher Jeff Criswell tosses the ball to first base to put out St. Louis Cardinals’ Michael Siani to end the top of the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

BY  DENNIS GEORGATOS
Updated 3:59 AM UTC, September 26, 2024
Share

DENVER (AP) — Iván Herrera had two hits and two runs scored, Masyn Winn tripled and doubled and Erick Fedde struck out 10 as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Colorado Rockies 5-2 on Wednesday night.

Pedro Pagés had two RBI singles and Thomas Saggese added a pair of hits for the Cardinals, who have won four straight and will try to complete a series sweep in Thursday’s finale.

Brenton Doyle homered leading off the bottom of the ninth against Matthew Liberatore, who was relieved by Ryan Helsley after issuing a one-out walk to Michael Toglia. Sam Hilliard then grounded into a game-ending double play on the first pitch he saw from Helsley, who earned his 48th save in 52 chances.

Helsley tied the club record for saves in a season by Trevor Rosenthal, who also had 48 saves in 2015.

“One pitch. Awesome job. It’s a good way to do it. But he came in and made it look awful easy,” Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol said. “He’s worked so hard for this. He’s taken the ball a lot and he’s been extremely effective.”

Aaron Schunk had an RBI single for the Rockies (60-98) who need to win three of their final four games to avoid their second straight 100-loss season. Colorado lost a franchise record 103 games last season. The Rockies close out the season with a weekend series against the NL West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers.

RELATED STORIES
Larry Day follows Rob Cerfolio from Cleveland to St. Louis, becomes director of player development
Nolan Arenado open to switch from third base to first and leaving Cardinals for a team he approves
Rays' opener moved back a day, giving more time to prepare temporary Steinbrenner Field home

Fedde (9-9) went seven innings and allowed one run on six hits, snapping a string of four consecutive losing decisions. His 10 strikeouts were one shy of the career high he set against Minnesota on April 23 while with the Chicago White Sox. The Cardinals acquired him on July 29 as part of a three-team trade with the Dodgers and White Sox.

“It’s a dream ending in a sense,” Fedde said. “It just reminds me of what I’m capable of. This just will give me a great taste in my mouth heading into the offseason and stuff to grow off of.”

Austin Gomber, a former Cardinal, went five innings and allowed four runs on seven hits. Colorado acquired Gomber (5-12) along with four other players by sending Nolan Arenado to St. Louis in a February 2021 trade. Gomber has become a fixture in the Rockies rotation.

“He hung in there,” Rockies manager Bud Black said. “He made 30 starts this season, pitched 160-some innings. He pretty much answered the bell the whole season. Tonight he competed, let it all hang out. They nicked him for four runs in five innings. Some good pitches they just got hits off of. He just got out-pitched today by Fedde.”

Saggese’s two-out double in the top of the second scored Herrera from second. In the third, Winn tripled and scored on Brendan Donovan’s sacrifice fly to put the Cardinals up 2-0.

The Rockies got on board with Schunk’s RBI single in the bottom of the third but the Cardinals answered with runs in the fourth and fifth on Pagés’ RBI single and Paul Goldschmidt’s sacrifice fly, which scored Winn after he doubled and moved to third on a groundout.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: LHP JoJo Romero, one of the team’s top pitchers in the bullpen, was placed on the 15-day injured list ahead of Wednesday’s game with left forearm inflammation. The move was retroactive to Sunday. RHP Chris Roycroft was recalled from Memphis (AAA) to fill Romero’s roster spot.

Rockies: RHP Ryan Feltner, who allowed two runs on six hits in six innings Tuesday night against St. Louis before being lifted due to forearm tightness, threw on the side Wednesday with no issues and is expected to start the Rockies’ final game of the season Sunday against the Dodgers. “He feels fine today,” Black said. “In the daily pitchers’ throwing program, he felt fine. It was just one of those games last night, after the sixth, he felt a little bit of tightness in the forearm.”

UP NEXT

RHP Kyle Gibson (8-8, 4.13 ERA) is slated to start Thursday’s series finale for the Cardinals. He’ll be opposed by Colorado LHP Kyle Freeland (5-8, 4.95 ERA).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026? Yep.
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles , Trump doesn't offer much sympathy. He's casting blame.
Watchdog group seeks investig ation into RFK Jr. for voting from a 'sham' address
What ignited the deadly Californ ia wildfires? Investigators cons...
Investigators are considering an array of possible ignition sources for the huge fire...
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states? Game sim...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows North Charleston [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Discover Tailored Car Insurance for Over 70s Drivers
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Money Fast
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Learn More
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Affordable Life Insura nce Options for Senior s Over 65
nation.com | 'life insurance for seniors over 65'
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value of Your Car Instantly (Take a...
searchalike.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surprised)
Cars Value
Advertisement:
Click Here
by Taboola
Suggested For You
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments:Advertisement
All New Hyundai Palisade For Seniors Simply Amazes - See The Cost
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024:Advertisement
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners: Take a Look
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors:Advertisement
Learn More
How Much Does Renting a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Prices May Surprise You!
Private Jet:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/cardinals-rockies-score-8f8172e415698db09f87923ef61e6fca 
 ----- 
