Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
MLB News
Noah Syndergaard faces free agency curveballs and ex's jabs: "He can't get a !@#$%^ contract"

Former pitcher for Cleveland Guardians, Noah Syndergaard, finds himself in the spotlight off the field

Alex Cooper former girlfriend of Noah Syndergaard discusses future of pitcher on MLBMARCALAPRESSE
LW
24/09/2023 - 11:33 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Los Angeles Dodgers. Julio Urias drifts further away from Dodgers and MLB: Alleged victim bloodied after incident
Celebrities. Alex Rodriguez reveals the weight loss secret that helped him lose 30 pounds in months

In the world of baseball, it's not just the curveballs on the field that can throw you off; sometimes, they come from the dugout or, in Noah Syndergaard's case, from an ex-girlfriend. The MLB free agent, once an All-Star nicknamed 'Thor' for his long, flowing blonde hair and formidable presence on the mound, found himself in the crosshairs of former flame, Alex Cooper.

Syndergaard, an eight-year veteran of the MLB, has had stints with the New York Mets, Los Angeles Angels, Philadelphia Phillies, Los Angeles Dodgers, and most recently, the Cleveland Guardians. However, post-Tommy John surgery, his performance has seen a dip, with a 5.40 ERA in his six starts during his time in Cleveland, leading to his release.

Alex Cooper, known for her role on the 'Call Her Daddy' podcast, didn't hold back when discussing Syndergaard's current situation. Without naming him directly, she made references to their past relationship and his struggles to secure a contract, stating, "He can't get a f***ing contract." The pair were previously seen together in 2017, but by December of that year, Syndergaard indicated they had broken up.

What team does Noah Syndergaard play in?
MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Syndergaard's career trajectory has been a topic of discussion, especially considering his early years of powerhouse pitching. The Tommy John surgery in 2020 seems to have been a turning point, with struggles on the field following. Now, as a free agent, the future is uncertain for the former All-Star.

Baseball is a game full of unpredictability, both on and off the field. For Noah Syndergaard, the curveballs keep coming, and it remains to be seen where he will land next. One thing is for sure; the baseball community will be watching closely, and so will Alex Cooper.

MLB - English
FitnessYanet Garcia: The sizzling Mexico fan who's heating up more than the World Cup
Milwaukee BrewersMilwaukee Brewers' J.C. Mejia suspended 162 games for second positive drug test
CelebritiesThe Mystery behind Bianca Censori's catsuits unveiled: Separating fact from fiction
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
還在用傳統方式找網紅合作嗎？
Kolr
「來一片嗎？」驚！差點搶同事的來吃→這次團購我跟定了！
一口鍋
老協珍x頤宮 【米其林三星級年菜饗宴】限量開賣 ！2025年限定珍稀逸品，限量199組！
老協珍
工作、EMBA 碩專如何兼顧?分擔您在 職課業壓力
全國考訊 碩博課業助教網
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/2023/09/24/651064dce2704e1a9b8b456d.html 
 ----- 
