Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Haley Van Voorhis, first non-kicker woman to play NCAA football, rushes QB

The 5-foot-6, 145-pound junior registered a quarterback hurry in the first quarter

Shenandoah S Haley Van Voorhis (#10 on DEF)@TheAthletesPlug - X
LAPRESSE
Actualizado 23/09/2023 - 23:16 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Florida Gators WR Ricky Pearsall Jr. makes one-handed catch better than OBJ's
NCAA. Travis Hunter was streaming on Twitch while Colorado trailed Oregon 35-0 at halftime

Haley Van Voorhis, a safety for Division III Shenandoah University, became the first woman to appear in an NCAA football game at a position other than kicker on Saturday.

The 5-foot-6, 145-pound junior registered a quarterback hurry in the first quarter of Shenandoah's 48-7 home win over Juniata.

Video | Cavinder twins shared their leg routine

She brought the quarterback to the ground just after he released the ball, and the third-down pass was incomplete.

"It's an amazing thing," Van Voorhis told The Washington Post. "I just wanted to get out and do my thing. I want to show other people this is what women can do, to show what I can do. It's a big moment. I made the impossible possible, and I'm excited about that."

Van Voorhis' achievement was the latest milestone for women in college football.

Other women in NCAA football

In 2020, Vanderbilt's Sarah Fuller made two extra points to become the first woman to score in a Power Five conference game.

Liz Heaston became the first woman to score in college football with two extra points for Willamette of NAIA on Oct. 18, 1997.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

Katie Hnida became the first woman to score at the FBS level when she made two extra points for New Mexico on Aug. 30, 2003. April Goss was the second to make an extra point when she scored for Kent State in 2015.

Tonya Butler was the first woman to kick and make a field goal in an NCAA game for Division II West Alabama on Sept. 13, 2003.

NCAAF - English
NCAAClippers star Kawhi Leonard makes rare public appearance to support Deion Sanders
NCAAShilo Sanders makes up for his brother Shedeur's INT with an 80-yard pick 6
NCAANCAAF Full Schedule Week 4: Where can you watch Thursday's college football game?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
2024最熱門網頁遊戲，首款繼承沉浸式 H5網頁遊戲
《仙途大世界》
Mercedes-AMG 再升級，把握星芒盛放之時
Mercedes-Benz
Currently the best free game.
planetcapture.io
第25屆瓩設計獎 八大電廠十大明星物種 總獎金90萬元
台灣電力公司
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/24/650fb7ecca4741dd208b457e.html 
 ----- 
