Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Celebrities
Sophie Turner sues Joe Jonas for preventing her from moving to England with their daughters

He holds possession of their passports

TBS
22/09/2023 - 09:24 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Celebs. Shakira on relationship with Pique: I believed in 'till death do us part'
Celebs. Kathy Griffin accuses Kanye West of controlling Bianca Censori

Just two weeks after announcing their divorce, Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner are once again in the spotlight, and this time, it's not on friendly terms.

The famous actress has filed a lawsuit against her former partner, alleging that he is wrongfully preventing their two underage daughters from accompanying her to England.

According to reports from Page Six, Turner has lodged a legal complaint against Jonas in a Manhattan court in New York. It's important to note that prior to confirming their divorce, Jonas and Turner had agreed to make a permanent move to England, even selling their Miami mansion several months ago.

Jones has their passports

Another significant aspect of this legal dispute is that the minors were supposed to remain with Joe in the United States until September, owing to Turner's overseas filming commitments for a miniseries.

"The children would then at least be able to spend some time during the day with one of their parents until the Mother finished her filming commitments," the document claims.

"The Father has possession of the children's passports... he refuses to return the passports to the Mother and refuses to send the children home to England with the Mother."

Sophie Turner is not planning to sit idle and intends to file a similar lawsuit in her home country to have this action recognized as a violation of her custodial rights.

Why are they getting divorced?

In recent months, there have been rumors suggesting that their marriage was going through a rough patch. It was even suggested that Turner was neglecting her family by attending parties and social gatherings while Jonas took care of their daughters.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

The fact that he was seen dining with Taylor Swift in New York this week did not cast the 27-year-old in a favorable light on social media.

On August 15, they had a heated argument, which ultimately led to the formal decision to break up. Jonas filed for divorce on September 1, and just four days later, Turner did the same in a Miami court, citing that she had learned about it through the press.

Celebrities - English
CelebritiesAriana Grande files for divorce from Dalton Gomez
CelebritiesInfluencer Morgan Osman kicked off flight after insulting several passengers
CelebritiesGisele Bundchen opens up on Tom Brady divorce: It has been tough on the family
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry happy with latest news...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
還在用傳統方式找網紅合作嗎？
Kolr
「來一片嗎？」驚！差點搶同事的來吃→這次 團購我跟定了！
一口鍋
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/celebrities/2023/09/22/650da394e2704ed2478b45af.html 
 ----- 
