Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Kansas City Chiefs
Travis Kelce gets trolled online for promoting vaccines in a Pfizer commercial

The Kansas City Chiefs' TE appears promoting boosters for Pfizer

Travis KelceLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 23/09/2023 - 17:37 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. NFL Week 3 Betting Odds: Chiefs and Cowboys expected to win big
NFL. Which legendary NFL coach could Andy Reid surpass with a win over Bears?

There was a time during the global pandemic when promoting vaccines was considered a public service, especially from athletes and celebrities. But division in the country over recent years has made this practice frowned upon by some. Now, most famous people who decide to support big pharma gets torched online instantly. Before this Saturday morning, Travis Kelce pretty much had all NFL fans in his pocket, especially amid his recent contact with Taylor Swift. But he recently appeared in a Pfizer commercial promoting vaccine boosters, which is rejected by a part of American society.

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spotted leaving Chiefs stadium together
Reactions to Travis Kelce's Pfizer commercial

As expected, there is a part of the internet who didn't like Travis Kelce promoting vaccine boosters. A pro athlete using his platform to get people to vaccinate when the political climate is so divided at the moment can be risky. The move alienates a large part of the fans who are against a narrative that can be seen as serving big pharma wealthier than they already are.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Sarah Fergu...
Marca

Immediately, folks started pointing out how Travis Kelce is doing this promotion for the money without even thinking about the possible repercussions it may have on society. Travis' mother was also part of the commercial that promotes the new Pfizer booster, he showed off his two Super Bowl rings as part of the script that promotes these boosters. The backlash against both Travis Kelce and his mother was notable.

Travis Kelce's Instagram account reads: "With my schedule, saving time is key. The CDC says you can get this season's updated COVID-19 shot when you get your flu shot if you're due for both. That's why I got two shots in one stop! Ask your doctor or pharmacist if it would be right for you. You can also visit CDC's vaccines.gov to learn more and schedule an appointment. This video is for US residents only and is intended to be viewed as it was originally produced in partnership with Pfizer. The information provided is for educational purposes only and is not intended to replace discussions with a healthcare provider."

Travis Kelce - English
Kansas City Chiefs - English
Kansas City ChiefsTaylor Swift allegedly helped herself to a cheat sheet about the Chiefs in last Sunday's game
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes teases Travis Kelce over State Farm ad poking fun at his name
Kansas City ChiefsTaylor Swift wants her relationship with Travis Kelce to be taken seriously
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Kylie Jenner cause s serious damag...
Marca
2024最熱門網頁遊戲，首款繼承沉浸式H5網頁遊戲
《仙途大世界》
Mercedes-AMG 再升級，把握星芒盛放之時
Mercedes-Benz
第25屆瓩設計獎 八大電廠十大明星物種 總獎金90萬元
台灣電力公司
Proentry胜肽擁有豐富臨床研究，相關成果發表國際期刊，5間醫學中心推薦，幫助改善異位性皮膚炎
Proentry健康保健室
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs/2023/09/24/650f5d9f22601d89268b4594.html 
 ----- 
