skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketAustralia vs Namibia Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Australia chase down Namibia target inside six overs
Australia vs Namibia Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Australia chase down Namibia target inside six overs
Australia vs Namibia Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: In the first innings, Namibia captain Gerhard Erasmus was the one of the only two batters to get into double figures as the side was wrapped up for 72 runs.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 12, 2024 19:31 IST
Follow Us
Australia's captain Mitchell Marsh, center, and batting partner Travis Head are congratulated by Namibia players after their nine-wicket victory in an ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua and Barbuda, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

Australia vs Namibia Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Australia qualified for the Super 8s after defeating Namibia by nine wickets on Wednesday at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua. Set a target of 73 runs, Australia’s Travis Head (34 off 17), David Warner (20 runs off 8 balls) and Mitchell Marsh (18 off 9) went out all guns blazing to end the chase in 5.4 overs, before the powerplay was over.

In the first innings, captain Gerhard Erasmus was the one of the only two Namibia batters to get into double figures in their T20 World Cup clash against Australia as the side was wrapped up for 72 runs.

Namibia was never in the game, particularly after losing half their side for 21 runs. Australia captain Mitchell Marsh had won the toss and without any hesitation opted to bowl first against Namibia in their Group B fixture on Wednesday. The 2021 winners have started off the competition with consecutive wins over Oman, England and now Namibia to top their group.

Namibia, however, have had a mixed bag at the tournament so far. In their opening fixture, Namibia came out on top against Oman in Super Over but facing Scotland in their second match, the Gerald Erasmus-led side lost by five wickets.

Follow Australia vs Namibia highlights

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 24
Australia
74/1 (5.4)
vs
Namibia
72 (17.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 24 )
Australia beat Namibia by 9 wickets
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Australia vs Namibia T20 World Cup 2024 Highlights: Catch all the highlights between AUS vs NAM from Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua
08:20 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Adam Zampa is the player of the match

Adam Zampa speaks after Australia's victory over Namibia: "To get the win tonight and qualify for the Super Eights, that is a nice feeling. (On if he feels the ball is coming out well) Yes and no. I bowled a couple of pies tonight but in general, the ball feels like it is coming out well. Being encouraged to pick up wickets in the middle, particularly by the captain. (Challenge of bowling with the breeze) We experienced that in Barbados as well. We know on these wickets that is a challenge. We are happy, it is the first step in trying to take the trophy home but a long way to go (still)."

08:19 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Namibia still in it

Despite the heavy defeat, Namibia are third in the standings in Group B with Australia on top. Scotland are second with five points after three games while Namibia have two points. 

And England are in fourth spot with just one point from their two matches, losing one and having a no result. 

08:16 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: AUSTRALIA WIN

Quick and easy for Australia, who have sealed their entry into the Super 8s. 

They defeat Namibia by nine wickets, chasing down the target of 73 runs without breaking into a sweat: in fact they chased down the target inside the powerplay overs. 

Australia's top order of Travis Head (34 off 17), David Warner (20 runs off 8 balls) and Mitchell Marsh (18 off 9) gave a good account of themselves. 

08:10 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup:

DOT BALL, 1 LEG BYE, FOUR, FOUR, FOUR, DOT BALL

Travis Head really putting Namibia to the sword now. He slaps three back-to-back boundaries in the fifth over before Ruben Trumpelmann manages to get in a dot ball with a slower one. 13 runs off that over. 

Australia 60/1 after five overs 

08:05 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Erasmus reins in rampaging Australians

After top-scoring for the Namibians with the bat in the first innings, skipper Gerhard Erasmus brings himself on.

And he manages to curb the attacking Australians, giving away just a six in that fourth over. All things considered, it's a very economical over. 

Australia are 47/1 after four overs.

08:02 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Head takes over

So even after losing Warner in the previous over, Australia are not in the mood to slow down. 

This time it is Travis Head who goes after Shikongo: hits the second ball past short third man to the boundary, punches the third ball down the ground for a maximum and then hits a pull shot on the fourth delivery for another four. 

Then, he turns over the stirke to Marsh, who hits the last ball over mid off for a four. 

15 runs off the second over and now we have 19 runs off the third over. This chase might just get over by the powerplay overs.

After three overs, AUS are 41/1

07:55 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Warner in the mood to finish this early

FOUR, FOUR, SIX, GONE! 

Warner has punished David Wiese like they have some personal feud happening in the background. He slaps the first ball between cover point and extra cover, drives the second ball between extra cover and mid off, and heaves the third ball over deep square leg boundary for a maximum. 

Then, he tries to hit the fourth ball as well, but ends up mistiming the ball with the toe-end of the bat. It flies in the air and it caught! 

Warner departs for 20 runs off eight balls. Marsh comes out to bat. Australia are 22/1 after two overs. 

07:50 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: And we're off...

Australia are chasing 73 runs with David Warner and Travis Head out in the middle. And Namibia almost have their first wicket on the first ball as Warner touches the ball with his bat and sets off for a run. Head was sleeping in the crease and clearly unprepared for that run. The Namibian fielder throws the ball under-arm and it misses by a few inches. Head had given up hopes of making it through. 

Two balls later, Warner slaps a short ball to the boundary. 

Australia 7/0 after one over

07:42 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hazlewood speaks

Josh Hazlewood speaks (or tries to before his talk with the broadcaster is cut short due to audio issues): "I think the wicket was pretty good, it started to spin quite a bit. A good all-round effort from the boys. It's huge, we have 15 players to pick from, few of the games are back to back, game-time into a few guys might be crucial. Adapting to different conditions around the world is key and Zamps is a crucial cog in that wheel."

07:32 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Namibia wrapped up for 72

The Namibian innings wraps up in 17 overs. Australia have a target of 73 runs to chase. 

Tim David takes one more acrobatic catch to send Ben Shikongo home. 

It was the captain Gerhard Erasmus who battled alone for most parts of that innings, scoring 36 runs. For Australia, Adam Zampa was the key bowler, taking four wickets. 

07:30 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: GONE!!

A fighting innings from Namibia captain Gerhard Erasmus ends. He took 17 balls to get off the mark. Then started picking the ball balls to score, reaching 36 runs off 42 balls. But finally, his watch ends as Stoinis induces him to go for an audacious shot. He mistimes it and it goes high in the air. Maxwell, who has caught three catches already, comes running and manages to dive and pluck the ball out of the air. 

If Erasmus had stayed, Namibia might have even reached triple figures! 

07:25 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: BOOM!!!!

A six for Namibia! And who else but Erasmus that gets it. He absolutely sends the short ball from Cummins into the orbit, or into the crowd over deep mid wicket. 

A much-needed six for Namibia.

After 16 overs, NAM 70-8

07:23 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: A good over for Namibia!

Not one, but two boundaries coming in that 15th over for Namibia! They are going to need ever one of those runs. 

If the first boundary for Erasmus comes with a bit of luck -- or thanks to a bit of a misfield from Hazlewood -- the second boundary was a slick bit of improvisation from Erasmus who guides a ball from Nathan Ellis with the edge of his bat to the boundary over the keeper's head. 

Namibia 60/8 after 15 overs

07:19 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: 50 up for Namibia

Having needed 17 balls to get off the mark, Gerhard Erasmus is still out in the middle waging a lonely battle. He's currently batting on 19 (32 balls) with two boundaries to his credit. 

He really needs some support at the other end if Namibia are to pile on the runs from here on. 

After 14 overs, NAM 51-8

07:10 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: GONE WITH A BANG

Zampa concedes the first maximum of the night as Ruben Trumpelmann punishes a full toss into the stands! 

And on the next ball, Zampa gets his revenge by getting the batter to his in the same area where Maxwell grabs the ball ti complete a catch! 

Zampa has his third wicket of the night! 

But the leggie is not done yet! On the final ball of his over -- and his spell -- he bamboozles Bernard Scholtz with a googly. Rips the off-stump off! 

Namibia 43/8 after 13 overs 

07:04 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: WHAT A CATCH!!!

OH, David Weise what have you done! 

Wiese gets a googly that is bowled a little shortish on middle and off from Zampa. He heaves it towards long on where Josh Hazlewood sprints to his right, then puts in a slide to complete a marvellous catch!

He didn't need to go for that shot, because they had four byes from the first ball! 

Ruben Trumpelmann is in the middle to replace Weise.

After 11 overs, Namibia 33/6 

06:53 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Some fight from Namibia!

Finally, a boundary for Namibia! Their captain, who took 17 balls to get off the mark, is showing his intent to take on the attack to the Australians. He slaps the first ball from Pat Cummins to the boundary. 

The rest of the over is pretty tame, with a Cummins bouncer to Wiese being the only exciting highlight. 

Namibia 27/5 after 10 overs

06:48 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Some excitement in that over

Zampa manages to get the ball to hit the pads of Erasmus. There is a loud appeal. But the umpire is unrelenting. The Australians go to the third umpire, who turns the appeal down as well after review. 

Erasmus survives. And a ball later he's finally off the mark! It has taken Namibia captain 17 balls to get off the mark! 

But Zampa gets a scalp after all. He manages the sneak the ball onto Zane Green's pads and Namibia lose their fifth wicket! 

Namibia 21/5 after 9 overs

06:42 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: GONE!!!

Nathan Ellis is into the attack and it takes him just four deliveries to make an impact! 

JJ Smit's stint in the middle lasts for just nine balls. The on-field umpire had refused the wicket despite the massive appeal. The Australians refer this and the third umpire gives it out.

Zane Green to replace Smit in the middle.

Namibia 19/4 after 8 overs

06:39 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Zampa handed the ball

Adam Zampa breezes through with his over. Just one run from that over. This is going to be a short and fast game. 

Gerhard Erasmus was struggling for the four balls that he faced in that over! But Namibia manage to hang on to their wickets. 

Namibia 18/3 after 7 overs

06:36 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Stoinis back into the attack

Namibia manage to hang on to their wickets at least for this over and end the powerplay at 17/3. The rain also has so far behaved itself. 

Here's how the Namibia wickets have fallen: 

Michael van Lingen c Maxwell b Hazlewood 10 (10)

Nikolaas Davin c Maxwell b Hazlewood 2 (7)

Jan Frylinck c Mitchell Marsh b Cummins 1 (6)


Namibia 17/3 after 6 overs

06:27 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: THIRD WICKET GONE!

And now it's Michael van Lingen who walks back! 

van Lingen, who had hit two boundaries so far, has managed to find Glenn Maxwell at backward point to hand Hazlewood a wicket! 

In fact, Maxwell almost dropped it but grabbed the ball on the second attempt. 

Namibia are in deep trouble now and we're just in the fifth over!

The very solid Erasmus is out in the middle. 

Namibia 16/3 after 5 overs  

06:23 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: ANOTHER WICKET!

Pat Cummins strikes with his fourth ball! 

Well, at leats there was some inteent from Jan Frylinck. He tried to drive a pitched up ball from Cummins, but ended up hitting it straight to Mitchell Marsh at mid-off.

Cummins ends the over with a maiden as well.

Namibia 15/2 after 4 overs

06:19 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: GONE!!!

Nikolaas Davin departs for just two runs!!

His stint in the middle lasts for just seven balls! He tried to cut a short and wide ball outside the off stump, but ended up handing an easy catch to Glenn Maxwell at backward point.

Jan Frylinck is out in the middle. 

NAMIBIA 15/1 after 3 overs

06:15 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Stoinis handed the ball!

What do we have here! Marcus Stoinis has been handed the ball to open the bowling from the other end! Australia are trying something new here. 

And Namibia's Michael van Lingen drives the ball past Stoinis for another boundary. 

Meanwhile, the drizzle at the ground is starting to get heavy as the cameras show the groundstaff standing at ready with the covers near the boundary ropes. 

Namibia 13/0 after 2 overs

06:12 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: A solid start for Namibia!

Not only have Namibia survived the first over without losing a wicket, they have managed to score a boundary as well. 

Michael van Lingen racks up the first boundary of the match. He flashes at the ball from Hazlewood, which flies to the third man fence.

Namibia 7/0 after 1 over

06:02 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Here we go finally then

Good news! The light drizzle in the air has vanished in the blink of an eye. The covers are off. We are ready to go. The umpires and players are already in the middle.

06:01 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rain has delayed toss in Florida

Flash flood warnings have been activated in the area, as parts of the venue for Sri Lanka's must-win clash with Nepal remain under water. The Lauderhill ground is hosting their first match of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup. You can check all the live updates from Sri Lanka vs Nepal here.

05:58 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Oh dear

Rain stops play in Antigua. The groundstaff are rushing in with the covers. The national anthems were done and dusted. The umpires and players were almost reaching the middle. There is a slight drizzle and even the commentators are bit surprised. 

05:53 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Adam Zampa talks to the broadcasters

"Yeah, I think we have to play to our full potential, then we will tested at the end of the tournament. We need one more win to qualify for the Super 8. That is where the real test comes in. 

Playing good cricket at the moment is very important. We are pretty familiar with a lot of the Caribbean grounds. It is a conversation we have had. Many guys have played in the Caribbean, and you have to use it when batting and bowling.

Wind is a real factor. While batting, we need to make sure that we hit with the wind. While bowling, we should make sure that they hit against the breeze. 

I had some off time after IPL. It was good to spend time with family. I had a great time and freshened up as well. This was my priority 100%.

We played Namibia in the warm-up and saw how they played. We are looking forward to this one. It will be a challenge tonight for sure."

05:51 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch Report

Danny Morrison: "This is the same pitch that was used in the previous match here. No sun and not too hot. The breeze is 27 kmph. Let's speak of the dimensions, if I'm bowling from Curtly Ambrose End, the boundary downtown is 75 m. The square boundaries are 67 m and 65 m. Now, I have got Aaron Finch here with me. What do you make of this pitch Finchy?"

Aaron Finch: "Looks like a really good wicket. They have left a good amount of grass on it. But it is very very hard. I feel Adam Zampa will be key here. You can see the amount of balls he has bowled on good lengths in this World Cup so far and he always hits the stumps. Overall, a good surface."

05:49 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Gerhard Erasmus (Namibia Captain)

"We probably would have bowled first as well. As Mitch said, there might be something in it for the bowlers early on

We have got three changes tonight. Michael van Lingen, Jack Brassell and Ben Shinkongo come into the side.

He's an exciting prospect for us. A young guy brings a bit of energy on the field.

Hopefully, it will be an upset tonight if we beat the Aussies and we will try to do it tonight."

05:49 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Mitchell Marsh speaks

"I am going to bowl first. It looks like a nice wicket. We will assess the conditions and look at how things fare out. Lost both tosses (chuckles).

One change for us. Nathan Ellis comes in for Mitchell Starc. Starcy (Starc) didn't pull off well after the previous match.

We have played a lot of good cricket. Looking forward to the challenge. It was a good game against England. The pitch changed noticeably in the last half. It was pleasing.

Both sides look short, to be honest (talking about the boundaries). It makes things a lot easier than the grounds with one short boundary."

05:44 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Playing XIs

Australia XI: David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh (c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stonis, Tim David, Matthew Wade (wk), Pat Cummins, Nathan Ellis, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

Namibia XI: Michael van Lingen, Nikolaas Davin, Jan Frylinck, Gerhard Erasmus (c), Zane Green (wk), David Wiese, Ruben Trumpelmann, JJ Smit, Bernard Scholtz, Jack Brassell, Ben Shikongo

05:39 (IST)
12 JUN 2024
Australia vs Namibia Live Score, T20 World Cup: Welcome

Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the 2024 T20 World Cup. In the second match of the day, Australia are taking on Namibia in Antigua. Australia have won the toss and they have opted to field first. 

How psychologists, pain-scientists patched back Australia’s T20 specialist Ashton Agar to feeling OK, while cricket anchored his life

A week after 19-year-old Agar was pub-hopping with his Australia team-mates, he walked into his first Test with the team tottering at 117 for 9. Off the sixth ball he faced, he swivelled into a pull but the ball just about lobbed over the bowler. England seamers thought the short ball was the way to go. (ICC/X)

“What’s happening, mate? Am I the enemy now? I am just trying to help. You are always fighting me,” when Justin Langer, Western Australia’s coach, asked him one day in 2014, Ashton Agar broke down. “I don’t know. I have no idea. I don’t know.”

A game against Tasmania in Hobart. Agar bowled two balls, two good deliveries, but a “deep sadness” welled up in him. After another delivery, he felt a tear breaking out from his eye. He threw away the ball, got his hat from the umpire, walked out of the ground, and started to sob. (READ MORE)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 12-06-2024 at 05:37 IST
TAGS:
Adam Zampa
Australia Cricket Team
David Warner
Mitchell Marsh
Mitchell Starc
Pat Cummins
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Amitabh Bachchan Had A Big Contribution In ‘Kajra Re’, Recalls Shankar Mahadevan: ‘The Idea Of Vocal Jugalbandi Came From Him’
Bank Holidays In India 2025: A Complete Month-Wise List Of Holidays Across India
What Makes Jalandhar, The Biggest Nursery And Coaching Centre Of Indian Hockey
Ranveer Singh’s Dhurandhar Look Leaks Online, Fans Draw Comparison With Ranbir Kapoor’s Animal: ‘Long Hair And Buffed-Up’
2 Women IAS Officers Promoted To Additional Chief Secretary In Gujarat
Private School Chairman Murdered In Solan, Nephew Arrested: Police
Bangladesh Court Rejects Bail Plea Of Hindu Monk Chinmoy Krishna Das
UGC NET Exam 2024 From January 3; Key Documents To Carry, Admit Card Guidelines
Keerthy Suresh Wishes Varun Dhawan Would’ve Told Her That Actors Wanted To Date Her, Reflects On Keeping Her Relationship A Secret
45 Injured After Bus Rams Into Two Trucks On Delhi-Mumbai Expressway In Rajasthan’s Dausa
The Ludhiana Connection: From Diljit Dosanjh To Amar Singh Chamkila, A Look At The Singers Who Made It Big From Here
Parents, Have You Heard Of The ‘Tap In Tap Out Strategy’ To Deal With A Difficult Situation With Your Child?
OpenAI’s For-Profit Shift Draws Criticism From ‘Godfather Of AI’ Geoffrey Hinton
Rajendra Vishwanath Arlekar Takes Oath As Kerala Governor
Rescuers Find Gruesome Scene At Honolulu Home After Fireworks Blast Kills 3, Injures Over 20
IND Vs AUS, Sydney Test: Australia Playing 11 Sees Big Change As Mitchell Marsh Misses Out
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/australia-vs-namibia-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-24-today-aus-vs-nam-latest-scorecard-updates-9386538/ 
 ----- 
