Open sidebar
AD
SPORTS
NBA
Zion Williamson Suspended by New Orleans Pelicans for 1 Game
‘There is no excuse for being late to team activities,’ Williamson said in a statement.
3
0
Save
Zion Williamson #1 of the New Orleans Pelicans watches from the bench during game two of the first round of the NBA playoffs against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Paycom Center in Oklahoma City, Okla., on April 24, 2024. Jamie Squire/Getty Images
By Ross Kelly
1/11/2025
Updated:
1/11/2025
Print
X 1
0:00
4:54

Zion Williamson has missed 31 games this season due to either injury or rest, and he missed his 32nd on Friday versus the Philadelphia 76ers. However, this absence had nothing to do with Williamson being banged up; rather, he sat out due to a team-issued suspension.

New Orleans Pelicans EVP of Basketball Operations David Griffin announced the suspension roughly two hours before tipoff of Friday’s game.

“This one game suspension is a result of failing to meet our team standards,” Griffin said in a statement. “His dedication to this organization is of paramount significance to us and to him. He has taken accountability for his actions and reaffirmed that commitment to the team today. I’m confident he will continue to evolve positively on and off the floor.”

Story continues below advertisement
Pelicans head coach Willie Green, during his pregame media availability, said, “There were several occasions that led up to this. That’s how we got to this decision.” Green also said that Williamson apologized for the events that led to the suspension.

Williamson issued a statement of his own, in which he acknowledged what led to the suspension, which was multiple instances of being tardy to team activities.

“I take full responsibility for this suspension. I’ve worked extremely hard in rehab to get healthy to deliver for this team,” the statement read. “There is no excuse for being late to team activities. I have apologized to Mrs. Benson and my teammates and coaches and I also owe an apology to the fans. I can and will be better as a teammate and member of this organization.”
RELATED STORIES
LeBron, Lakers Beat Pelicans, Will Stay in New Orleans for Play-In Rematch
4/14/2024
76ers’ Embiid Suspended After Shoving Reporter
11/5/2024

As Williamson noted, he recently rehabbed from a hamstring injury that had sidelined him for two months, only just making his return to the court on Tuesday. However, it ended up being a short return as he then sat out Wednesday’s game, due to what the team labeled as “reconditioning.” The team doesn’t yet want its star player competing in back-to-backs to further reduce the chances of Williamson re-injuring himself.

Thus, that one-game absence became a two-game absence. The Pelicans said that Williamson will rejoin the team on Saturday as it continues its road trip. New Orleans will play at the Boston Celtics on Sunday before a trip to Chicago to face the Bulls on Tuesday, and it will then return home for a four-game stint.

Story continues below advertisement

Williamson is a two-time All-Star and was the No. 1 overall pick in the 2019 NBA Draft, but his career has been noteworthy just as much for the games he’s missed than what he’s actually done on the court. Following Friday’s game, Williamson will have played in just 191 of a possible 429 games since being drafted, meaning he’s missed over 55 percent of the Pelicans’ games.

Missing games has been a theme for New Orleans’ best players this season, as various injuries and ailments have led the team—which had 49 wins, the second-most in franchise history last season—to a dismal 7–31 record this year. That’s the second-worst mark in the NBA and the worst record in the Western Conference. Among the Pelicans’ five leading scorers, each has missed at least 13 games. Williamson was one of several Pelicans out on Friday, as will 20-point scorers Brandon Ingram (ankle) and Trey Murphy III (ankle), in addition to defensive ace Herbert Jones (shoulder).

When he’s been on the court, Williamson has been electric, and this year he is averaging 22.6 points, along with career highs with both 7.7 rebounds and 5.1 assists. In his brief return to the court on Tuesday, he had 22 points, six rebounds, four assists, and three steals in just 28 minutes of play as the Pelicans fell to the Minnesota Timberwolves, 104–97.

It’s a bit ironic that Williamson’s suspension just happens to come against a team with a star player who is in a similar boat. Joel Embiid has struggled to stay on the court throughout his NBA career, and the MVP winner will also sit out Friday’s contest due to a foot sprain.

Missing time isn’t the only link between Williamson and Embiid, as apparently being tardy is something they also have in common. Back in November, Sixers teammate Tyrese Maxey called out Embiid for being late “for everything” during a team meeting, for which the star center took accountability. That seemed to give the struggling Sixers a bit of a spark as they were 2–11 before Embiid was called out, and the team has gone 13–9 since then.

Given the way the Pelicans’ season has unfolded thus far after making the playoffs last year, the team is undoubtedly hoping this one-game setback for Williamson parlays into a turnaround for the team as a whole. The Pelicans are 11.5 games out of the No. 10 spot in the standings, which is the final NBA play-in position, but they still have more than half of the season to make ground.

If you found this article interesting, please consider supporting traditional journalism

Our first edition was published 25 years ago from a basement in Atlanta. Today, The Epoch Times brings fact-based, award-winning journalism to millions of Americans.

Our journalists have been threatened, arrested, and assaulted, but our commitment to independent journalism has never wavered. This year marks our 25th year of independent reporting, free from corporate and political influence.

That's why you're invited to a limited-time introductory offer — just $1 per week for one year — so you can join millions already celebrating independent news.

Subscribe
Limited time offer. Cancel anytime.
3
Share this article
Leave a comment
Ross Kelly
Author
Ross Kelly is a sports journalist who has been published by ESPN, CBS and USA Today. He has also done statistical research for Stats Inc. and Synergy Sports Technology. A graduate of LSU, Ross resides in Houston.
Author’s Selected Articles
Duke Freshman Cooper Flagg Sets ACC Scoring Record, Eyes on NBA Draft
Jan 11, 2025
Lamar Jackson Beats Out Josh Allen for NFL All-Pro First Team
Jan 10, 2025
Deion Sanders on the One Caveat That Could Make Him Jump to the NFL
Jan 10, 2025
Geno Smith, Mike Evans, von Miller Among Players Who Cashed in With Week 18 Bonuses
Jan 09, 2025
AROUND THE WEB
Tinnitus Discovery Leaves Doctors Speechless (Try Tonight)
ZenCortex
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
PlantSulin
If You Have Gum Disease or Tooth Decay, Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
ProvaDent
Bladder Leakage May Become a Thing of the Past for Women Over 40
Pelvic Floor Strong
Dermatologist Begs Americans to "Fill In" Wrinkles With This Tip (Every Morning)
Neotonics
Sharp Pain, Numbness & Tingling? Anyone With Neuropathy Should Watch This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
Prostadine
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
BioDynamix
From Around the Web
Mark Zuckerberg Says Biden Admin Pushed to Censor COVID Vaccine Posts
theepochtimes.com
Family of former Leicester owner files $2.6 billion fatal accident claim
marketbeat.com
Vice President-Elect JD Vance Undergoes Minor Surgery
theepochtimes.com
How Alzheimer’s disease may be sparked by the herpes virus
studyfinds.org
Senator’s Son Sentenced to 28 Years for Killing North Dakota Deputy
theepochtimes.com
Trump’s social security plan may include doubling benefits
retire.ly
California Imposes 1-Year Insurance Cancellation Freeze in Areas Ravaged by Wildfires
theepochtimes.com
Swiss flight attendant dies a week after plane's emergency landing
marketbeat.com
Comment
Save
Share
Copyright © 2000 - 2025 The Epoch Times Association Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theepochtimes.com/sports/zion-williamson-suspended-by-new-orleans-pelicans-for-1-game-5790074 
 ----- 
