Skip to content
Subscribe Now
32°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Election
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Lawsuit against ‘Bam’ Margera is continued after judge withdraws January 10, 2025 at 6:39 pm
SPORTSNBAPHILADELPHIA 76ERS
With Joel Embiid out again, 76ers continue to struggle
Sixers center Joel Embiid drives past the Nets’ Jalen Wilson during the second half of a Jan. 4 game. Embiid has missed the last three games with a foot sprain. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: January 11, 2025 at 6:00 PM EST

By Dan Gelston

PHILADELPHIA  — Without a healthy Joel Embiid, the 76ers were never expected to contend for an NBA title.

But get taken to the final seconds before narrowly knocking off lowly Washington?

Or worse, lose to the eight-win Pelicans only hours after star forward Zion Willamson was suspended for breaking team rules?

Philadelphia’s latest worst loss of the season came Friday night when CJ McCollum got loose for 38 points to lead New Orleans to a 123-115 victory.

A two-time NBA scoring champion, Embiid was powerless to help the Sixers again after he missed his third straight game with a sprained left foot. He has sat out 23 times already this season. He’s also missed games due to left knee soreness, a sinus fracture and a three-game suspension for a locker-room altercation with a reporter.

Embiid has played just 13 games this season. The Sixers are 7-6 with Embiid and 8-15 without him — add that up, and it’s a 15-21 record for team that boasts All-Stars Paul George and Tyrese Maxey and is out of the Eastern Conference playoff standings.

“We’re definitely better with Joel out there, that’s a fact,” George said. “We’re better with the big guy back in the lineup with us.”

Coach Nick Nurse said the team doesn’t believe Embiid’s injury is a long-term concern. Maybe the foot feels better after a week off, and Embiid can play Sunday in Orlando. Given his lengthy injury history that dates to missing the entirety of his first two NBA seasons, there are no guarantees Embiid can survive the rest of the season unscathed.

The 2022-23 NBA MVP, Embiid is averaging 24.4 points and 7.9 rebounds this season, below his career averages.

George has been spotty in the first season of a four-year, $212 million contract. He’s struggled with injuries and his shot and hasn’t quite found the consistent groove expected of a nine-time All-Star. Against New Orleans, George had one bucket and three fouls at 8:13 of the second quarter. In the second half, he hit five 3s and scored 23 points.

Maxey scored 30 points in 40 minutes and continues to log heavy minutes trying to carry the scoring load in Embiid’s absence.

“It just seemed to me like we didn’t have quite the pop energy-wise we needed the full game,” Nurse said.

After a 3-14 start, the 76ers seemed to get themselves right by winning 10 of 13, including a signature Christmas win in Boston. Once the calendar flipped, the 76ers have since lost four of six.

The 76ers also played without Andre Drummond (left toe sprain), Kyle Lowry (right hip strain) and KJ Martin (left foot). They ruled out promising rookie Jared McCain for the season Thursday following left knee surgery on a torn meniscus.

“It’s difficult with guys in and out of the lineup,” Maxey said. “As soon as we get some continuity, as soon as we get flowing, guys miss (games). It’s really difficult. Guys have to kind of change their roles every single night. That puts pressure on us, man. We miss Jo, we miss Paul, we miss K.J. It’s hard to win in this league when you’re not healthy.”

Can the 76ers play encased in bubble wrap?

They’ll need Embiid and George and Maxey at as close to full strength as they can get with a schedule looming that includes games against the Magic, Oklahoma City and the New York Knicks. Then they hit the road for Indiana, Milwaukee and Denver. All those teams have winning records.

“There’s sort of a desperation that we need to start to play with,” George said. “Look at every game like it matters. At this point forward, every game matters. It’s not going to get any easier. We lost tonight. Not going to discredit how they played tonight but it’s a team we should have beat. We’ve got to put teams like this away. That’s the kind of team we’ve got to be if we want to compete and be one of the teams standing at the end.

Originally Published: January 11, 2025 at 5:11 PM EST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Las Vegas: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Chiropractors Stunned: 30 Seconds to a Life Free of Back Pain?
WellnessGaze Back Health
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation Will Stop You in Your Tracks!
Tardive Dyskinesia
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Learn More!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Newly-discovered Root Factor in Age-related Joint Decay
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Surgeon: Do This & Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before
WG Hair Restore
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Lawsuit against ‘Bam’ Margera is continued after judge withdraws
Lawsuit against ‘Bam’ Margera is continued after judge withdraws
Kohl’s, Macy’s announce 2 area store closures
Kohl’s, Macy’s announce 2 area store closures
Chester County drug dealer customer shooting deemed justifiable
Chester County drug dealer customer shooting deemed justifiable
Barry R. Baker Jr., infamous for ‘sucker punching’ disabled man, dies in crash
Barry R. Baker Jr., infamous for 'sucker punching' disabled man, dies in crash
Kennett Square mayor asks governor to visit to address ‘emergency’ phorid fly issue
Kennett Square mayor asks governor to visit to address ‘emergency’ phorid fly issue
Kennett’s young swim team defeats Great Valley
Kennett’s young swim team defeats Great Valley
No criminal charges filed against West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
No criminal charges filed against West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
Pennsylvania State Police corporal charged with having porn on work computer
Pennsylvania State Police corporal charged with having porn on work computer
Defense keys Church Farm rout of West Chester East
Defense keys Church Farm rout of West Chester East
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA 76ERS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
De George: Loss to lowly Pelicans latest cascade of problems for Joel Embiid-less 76ers
With Zion Williamson suspended, CJ McCollum scores 38 to lead Pelicans past 76ers
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Sixers Notebook: Long rehab for Jared McCain ‘disappointing,’ but best for rookie long-term
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Sixers’ Jared McCain ‘progressing well,’ done for the season
2025
January
11
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Public Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Place Classified Ad
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Submit News
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Jobs
MEDIANEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Logout

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailylocal.com/2025/01/11/76ers-continue-to-struggle-with-joel-embiid-out-again/ 
 ----- 
