Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
Site search
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Maryland Independent
The Enterprise
The Calvert Recorder
Arts and Entertainment
Opinion
Obituaries
Sports
Special Sections
The Enquirer Gazette
Public Notices
Classifieds
Jobs
Marketplace
Multimedia
Contests
Circulars
Local Events
AP
Sengun has 32 points and 14 rebounds as the Rockets beat the Grizzlies 119-115 in Morant's return
Alperen Sengun had 32 points and 14 rebounds, and the Houston Rockets held on to beat the Memphis Grizzlies 119-115 on Thursday night in a showdown between two of the top teams in the Western Conference
By CLAY BAILEY - Associated Press Jan 9, 2025 
1 of 10

Houston Rockets forward Cam Whitmore, right, handles the ball against Memphis Grizzlies forward Santi Aldama (7) in the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) and Houston Rockets center Steven Adams reach for a jump ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun (28) shoots ahead of Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun (28) handles the ball against Memphis Grizzlies center Zach Edey, left, in the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets forward Dillon Brooks (9) dunks the ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Memphis Grizzlies Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets guard Fred VanVleet (5) handles the ball against Memphis Grizzlies guard Luke Kennard in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) and Houston Rockets guard Jalen Green struggle for control of the ball in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets center Steven Adams (12) and Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) move for position in the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun reacts in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Memphis Grizzlies, Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS

Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., left, blocks a shot by Houston Rockets forward Dillon Brooks (9) in the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Memphis, Tenn.

Brandon Dill - freelancer, ASSOCIATED PRESS
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Alperen Sengun had 32 points and 14 rebounds, and the Houston Rockets held on to beat the Memphis Grizzlies 119-115 on Thursday night in a showdown between two of the top teams in the Western Conference.

Jalen Green finished with 27 points and Fred VanVleet scored 22 as the Rockets won their third straight and solidified their hold on second place in the Western Conference, moving 1 1/2 games ahead of Memphis.

  
Let the news come to you

Get any of our free email newsletters.

Explore newsletters

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Around The Web
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Las Vegas: New Built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $250/month - Take a Look Inside
Senior Living
Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer, Then This Happens
hightally
To Detect Parasites, You Need To Check These Signs
ParasiteRelief
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Trending Now
Police: 21-year-old woman hit, killed by car in Waldorf
Updates: Public schools, CSM announce delays for Thursday
Woman shot to death in St. Mary's
Charles County seeks injunction against partnership that allegedly illegally built residences
Nanjemoy man sentenced to 25 years for rape, sex abuse of a minor
Latest e-Edition

To view our latest e-Edition, click the image.

 Support Local Journalism in Classrooms
Newsletters
SoMdNews Headlines

A roundup of SoMdNews Headlines delivered to your inbox twice weekly, for free!

	
Sign up
Manage your lists
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
Newspapers
Avenue News
Cecil Whig
DC Military
Dundalk Eagle
Mid-Shore
Newark Post
Star Democrat
APG State News
Services
Contact Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
Subscription Services
Subscriber Savings
Site Forms
Website and App FAQs
Download the App
Search
Weather
© Copyright 2025 SoMdNews.com 204 Washington Ave, La Plata, MD  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.somdnews.com/ap/nation/sports/sengun-has-32-points-and-14-rebounds-as-the-rockets-beat-the-grizzlies-119-115/article_4b16b03c-0cb7-5153-ad94-b17255721df1.html 
 ----- 
