मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
As Team India gears up for Scottish challenge, here's reliving Rahul Dravid's stint with Scotland Cricket team
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Nov 05, 2021 | 16:02 IST
As Virat Kohli-led Team India gears up to face Scotland in T20 World Cup 2021, we relive the time when former India captain Rahul Dravid played for Scotland -
Rahul Dravid played for Scotland in 2003.  |  Photo Credit: BCCL
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Team India will be taking on Scotland in their 4th league stage fixture of T20 World Cup 2021
The Men in Blue will need to register a big win to improve their NRR
Before the all-important fixture, here's reliving the time when Rahul Dravid played for Scotland cricket team

Team India will be facing Scotland in its fourth fixture of the T20 World Cup 2021 later today (November 5). A win just won't be enough for the Men in Blue and they have to register a comprehensive victory to improve their NRR. With 2 defeats from 3 matches, Team India is in a spot of bother.

Apart from winning its remaining 2 fixtures by big margins, the Men in Blue also have to hope that the results of other matches go their way. Scotland are winless in the Super12s.

India are heavy favourites going into the competition. Scotland haven't been able to produce the goods in the Super12s and will hope to stun the Virat Kohli-led side. As both the teams gear up for the much-awaited fixture, here's reliving the time when former India skipper Rahul Dravid donned the Scottish jersey and represented Scotland -

A few months after Team India's success at the 2003 World Cup, where they reached the final, Gwynne Jones, the Chief Executive of the Scottish Cricket Union, was looking for an Indian cricketer who could elevate the team's standards. He approached the then India head coach John Wright. India's first overseas head coach, Wright suggested Dravid's name to Jones.

Dravid accepted the offer to play for Scotland in the National Cricket League. The ICC Hall of Famer ended up playing 12 List A matches for them, which also included a tour match against Pakistan. Even though Dravid was dismissed for a duck against the Men in Green, he had an overall fruitful run during his stay there.

In total, he piled up 600 runs at an average of 66.66. The tally included 3 centuries. He had travelled there with his wife and had a 45000-pound contract.

RELATED NEWS
India vs Scotland prediction: Who will win IND vs SCO ICC T20 World Cup 2021 match today?
IND vs SCO, T20 World Cup 2021 live streaming: When and where to watch India vs Scotland match live online?
Varun to join Ashwin in playing XI? Why India should play both spinners against Scotland

4 years later, Dravid returned to Scotland to lead India in a one-off ODI against the hosts in Glasgow. Team India chased down 209 in a rain-marred 46-over game in a lengthy UK tour.

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/as-team-india-gears-up-for-scottish-challenge-heres-reliving-rahul-dravids-stint-with-scotland-cricket-team/829438 
 ----- 
