JOIN US
IN TRENDS:
HMPV
Pat Cummins
Shalini Passi
Telangana School Holidays
Ram Charan
Maha Kumbh Mela
Indian Of The Year
LIVE NOW
India vs Scotland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2021: India Beat Scotland In 39 Balls, Moves to Third Spot in Group 'B'
Curated By :
Cricketnext Staff
Last Updated:
November 05, 2021, 22:05 IST
IND vs Sco Live Cricket Score, T20 World Cup 2021 Live Updates: ICC T20 Cricket World Cup 2021, Today’s Match at Dubai: Check out live cricket Stream, ball by ball commentary of today’s India vs Scotland match being played at Dubai.
Follow us on Google News
Ind vs Sco Live Score.

India vs Scotland, Live Cricket Score, T20 World Cup 2021 Match Latest Updates: India beat Scotland in 39 balls and with eight wickets remaining. This means India moves to third spot in group 2 and a huge booster for India’s net run rate. KL Rahul slammed fifty in just 19 balls. Earlier spinner Ravindra Jadeja and pacer Mohammed Shami took three wickets as India bundle Scotland out for just 85 runs. Earlier Jadeja dismissed Matthew and Berrington off the same over to reduce Scotland to 29/4. Earlier India gave away 13 runs in the first two overs after Kohli had won the toss and bowled first. But then Bumrah and Shami pulled things back, removing Scotland openers George Munsey and Kyle Coetzer. India have won the toss, a rare toss going by Virat Kohli’s record. They have decided to bowl first. Just one change: Chakrawarthy comes in and Shardul Thakur misses out. will be up against Scotland tonight where they would look to beat their opponents with a huge margin, again. In their last match, they managed to beat Afghanistan with a margin of 66 runs.

Anything less than that can be fatal for Kohli and his men whose semi-final hopes are hanging by a thread. Pakistan have already made the semifinals with four straight wins and New Zealand are favoured to join the Men in Green in the last-four stage from Group 2.

However, a loss for the Kiwis against either Namibia on Friday or Afghanistan next week, and India will have their tails up. Rohit, his opening partner KL Rahul, and the swashbuckling duo of Rishabh Pant and Hardik Pandya, fired against the Afghans and they will fancy their chances of doing an encore on Friday evening.

The last two if they get a chance to bat as the likes of skipper Kohli are slotted above them in the line-up. Back in the team after missing the New Zealand game, Suryakumar Yadav will be there as well to bolster the batting, and so will be all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja. If the batting was all about aggression, India’s bowling too delivered against Afghanistan, with seasoned off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin signalling his T20I return after a four-year gap with an excellent spell.

Finally, featuring in the playing XI after endless chatter around his absence, Ashwin not only picked up two wickets but was also very economical with the ball, giving away only 14 runs in his full quota of four overs.

Needless to say, skipper Kohli was delighted with Ashwin’s returns and lauded his effort after the game. “The return of Ash was the biggest positive, it was something he has worked really hard for,” Kohli said at the post-match presentation when asked what was biggest takeaway from the massive win. “He (Ashwin) showed this control and rhythm in the IPL as well. He’s a wicket taker and a smart bowler as well.” Ashwin, who last played an international game in June in the World Test Championship, finally got a game after nearly four and half months.

He was named in the playing XI after mystery spinner Varun Chakravarthy developed a left calf issue. That Chakravarthy is not ready for high pressure international cricket has been exposed and it is unlikely he will feature any further in the tournament. Seamer Mohammed Shami will have his tails up after a three-wicket haul in the last match and so will be Jasprit Bumrah.

Get the latest Cricket News,Schedule and Cricket Live Scores here

LIVE FEED
Tags :
T20 World Cup
First Published :
November 05, 2021, 17:50 IST
News
Cricketnext
India Vs Scotland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2021: India Beat Scotland In 39 Balls, Moves To Third Spot In Group 'B'
 
ADVERTISEMENT
MORE IMPACT SHORTS
LATEST NEWS
This Travel Content Creator's Mantra Is 'Earn, Save, Spend And Repeat'
Hospital Stocks Jump Up To 4% Following Confirmation of 3 HMPV Cases in India
Why This Vintage Pamphlet Of Kannada Legend Dr Rajkumar’s 1986 Concert Is Viral
Huge Update On Milos Kerkez's Possible Transfer To Liverpool Revealed
Budget 2025: Will Govt Announce 8th Pay Commission? What We Know So Far
MORE LATEST NEWS
LIVE TV
CNN News18
Channels
ADVERTISEMENT
ASTROLOGY
January 6, 2025
Choose Zodiac
TODAY
WEEKLY
MONTHLY
YEARLY
...Read More
MORE ASTROLOGY NEWS
TRENDING VIDEOS
MORE TRENDING VIDEOS

LATEST BLOGS

PHOTOGALLERIES
MORE PHOTOGALLERIES
ADVERTISEMENT
Trending Topics
New Year Quotes
Allu Arjun
India vs Australia
Happy New Year
New Year Wishes
Delhi Elections
Salman Khan
Shraddha Kapoor
Disha Patani
Ananya Panday
Movie Reviews
Malaika Arora
Rashmika Mandanna
Tripti Dimri
Shah Rukh Khan
Kiara Advani
Shraddha Kapoor
Kerala Lottery Results
Shillong Teer Results
Web Stories
Hot On Social
Shehnaaz Gill
Mouni Roy
Janhvi Kapoor
Deepika Padukone
Kareena Kapoor Khan
Salman Khan
Virat Kohli
Sanya Malhotra
Rohit Sharma
Ranveer Singh
Nikki Tamboli
Sonali Raut
Alia Bhatt
Tamannaah Bhatia
Sonam Bajwa
Amitabh Bachchan
Nayanthara
Bobby Deol
Urfi Javed
Sobhita Dhulipala
Popular Categories
Latest News
India
Movies
World
Politics
Viral
Auto
Tech
Videos
Photos
Web Stories
Cricket
Explainers
Showsha
Opinion
Lifestyle
Business
Education-Career
Sports
City News
Elections
Language Sites
Marathi News
Gujarati News
Bengali News
Tamil News
Telugu News
Malayalam News
Punjabi News
Urdu News
Assam News
Odia News
Kannada News
Network18 Group Sites
TopperLearning
Moneycontrol
Firstpost
CNBCTV18
History India
MTV India
Follow Us On
News18 App
Download Now
About Us
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Contact Us
RSS
Complaint Redressal
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news18.com/cricketnext/news/live-india-vs-scotland-live-cricket-score-t20-world-cup-ind-vs-sco-live-streaming-cricket-updates-ball-by-ball-commentary-dubai-international-stadium-dubai-stream-live-hotstar-star-sports-india-fatest-livenews-4407731.html 
 ----- 
