 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Saturday, Dec 28th 2024 10PM 63°F 
1AM 66°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Yes, Harry Kane is dropping too deep. But who can blame him when he's so rarely given the ball? Asks IAN LADYMAN
When Harry Kane drops too deep, it is because of a wider problem with supply 
He received the ball once off Saka and zero times off Foden against Serbia  
LISTEN to It's All Kicking Off! Cristiano Ronaldo is basically the Portugal manager… but why is he celebrating on his own?

By IAN LADYMAN

PUBLISHED: 18:15 EST, 19 June 2024 | UPDATED: 04:31 EST, 20 June 2024

e-mail
43
shares

93

View comments

There was a moment 15 minutes from time in England's defeat of Serbia in Gelsenkirchen that could have changed the way their opening game of Euro 2024 has subsequently been viewed.

Substitute Jarrod Bowen made space on the right and dropped a cross straight on to the head of Harry Kane at the far post. The England captain's contact was clean and powerful only for Serbia goalkeeper Predrag Rajkovic to touch the ball brilliantly, and rather unexpectedly, on to the underside of the crossbar.

In that moment Kane was not only denied his 64th international goal, but also the opportunity to stop what appears to be a biennial tournament debate in its tracks.

Kane, coming off the back of a prolific season with Bayern Munich, did not score in the group stage of the last World Cup, prompting some chat about his place in Gareth Southgate's team.

It had been the same in the Euros of 2021, where he did not score until England beat Germany in the round of 16. Now we are in that place again, a place where for some strange reason Kane's role, value and positioning is under scrutiny.

+
9
View gallery

If Harry Kane scored this chance, it would have changed the way he and England were viewed

+
9
View gallery

There is a strange biennial debate about his place in the team due to his tournament form 

TRENDING
Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Paul loss
123.4k viewing now
Shohei Ohtani announces life-changing personal news in rare statement
67.1k viewing now
Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'cancels £40,000 donation for Man United legends'
54.1k viewing now
Podcast
All episodes
LISTEN: On today's EUROS DAILY - Should England drop Bellingham?
 
EUROS DAILY: Why Gary Lineker is WRONG about journalists
 
Are Harry Kane and Declan Rice right to bite back at Gary Lineker?
 
LISTEN: Do Portugal need Cristiano Ronaldo or are they scared of him?
 
LISTEN: On today's EUROS DAILY, what's happening with Harry Kane?
Play on
Apple
Spotify

He is not the first England centre forward to suffer this way. Gary Lineker was under great pressure at the 1986 World Cup in Mexico before he scored a 25-minute first-half hat-trick to almost beat Poland on his own. Alan Shearer was similarly scrutinised ahead of the 1996 and 2000 European Championships. Shearer, as he usually did, responded with goals.

So too, surely, will Kane, maybe even on Thursday against Denmark in England's second game. He is arguably the most accomplished centre forward in Europe.

Read More
How Bukayo Saka became England's Man of Steel 

Against Serbia, as England lost control of the game in the second half, Kane was dragged deeper and deeper both in search of the ball and often in an effort to add weight and physicality to what had become an unexpectedly dogged defensive effort.

Kane often plays in this fashion. He is not a top-of-the-formation striker like, for example, Erling Haaland, or indeed like Shearer and Lineker used to be. He likes to drop in to pick up the ball and use it. He is a superb passer with an excellent range.

If he is not spending enough time in the opposition penalty area then the chances are something has gone wrong with England's play behind him and this is how it was on Sunday. 

Kane against Serbia was a symptom of an England problem rather than the cause of it. He touched the ball just 24 times and only twice in the first half. He did not receive a pass from Phil Foden all night and only one from Bukayo Saka.

'He's the skipper and he leads by example,' Kyle Walker, Kane's former Tottenham team-mate, said on Wednesday. 'Sometimes putting the ball in the back of the net isn't always his job. 

'Sometimes you have to do the ugly part of football, which is nine times out of 10 what I'm doing. He's probably seen what I've had to do over the years in defending for your life. It's what you have to do.

+
9
View gallery

Kane's performance against Serbia was the symptom of an England problem, not the cause

+
9
View gallery

He received the ball once from Bukayo Saka all night - and no times from off Phil Foden 

Bellingham looks ready to roar again ahead of England's next match
Loaded: 0%
Progress: 0%
0:00
Previous
Play
Skip
Mute
Current Time
0:00
/
Duration Time
4:35
Full Size
Need Text
+
9
View gallery

Kyle Walker insisted that Kane 'leads by example' and that his job isn't just scoring goals 

+
9
View gallery

'In tournament football, there's no standout individual. We've had it for years at Manchester City where we don't look at one player and say we lean on them solely for the responsibility of defending or scoring. We're in it as a team. He has done a great job, dug in for the team, which has got us the vital three points we needed to kickstart the tournament.'

There was something off about England's performance against Serbia, for sure, and Kane's match statistics point to that.

Read More
EXCLUSIVE
 Does England's 'magic potion' work for ordinary people? Mail Sport asks fans to try pickle juice 

His most regular supply — six passes — was from goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, who kicked the ball long more often than any England goalkeeper for quite some time. Second on the list was Jude Bellingham with five passes and that probably reflected how close the two men were standing to each other on occasion.

Bellingham himself was a little guilty of trying to do everything on his own on Sunday. Southgate alluded to this on Wednesday — albeit it in the gentlest possible way — by suggesting the emotion of the occasion and his early goal may have spiked the 20-year-old's adrenaline early on.

Too much of England's football was cluttered from that point on and as much as Serbia did not create any clearcut openings, they carried a menace and threat that saw their fancied opponents looking for the whistle to signal full time.

Kane will have his say in this tournament, certainly — he always does — and that moment will arrive quickly once England unpick some of the tangled strings from Gelsenkirchen. At times it is worth reminding ourselves that they won the game. In England we do seem particularly adept at hand wringing and that does not just come from the media.

France beat Austria 1-0 thanks to an own goal. Portugal needed two defensive errors to beat Czech Republic right at the death while Belgium lost 1-0 to Slovakia.

These are results that should serve to place England's opening effort in proper context, but it was interesting to hear Southgate reveal on Wednesday that he had gathered his players together to tell them to ignore the din emanating from both mainstream and social media.

+
9
View gallery

Kane received the ball most regularly from Jordan Pickford (six times) as England went long

+
9
View gallery

France (pictured) and Portugal both managed narrow wins to put England's result in context

'He had a brief talk with us on Tuesday night,' said Walker. 'Normally there are 20 Premier League teams to write about and fill columns about. Now all eyes are on us over here representing our country, so obviously there is going to be massive scrutiny on certain performances or certain things we do.

'But we cannot take away that we came away from there with three points on the board, a clean sheet and in good stead for this game against Denmark.'

Walker, 34, is playing in his fourth tournament for Southgate and knows it is always this way.

Only the 2018 World Cup in Russia represented a free hit because, after the darkness of Euro 2016 and the Sam Allardyce palaver that followed, expectations were so low.

At the Euros in 2021, in Qatar 18 months later and now here in Germany it has been different and England are once again being reminded that winning is not always enough.

'When we get that scrutiny we have to take it as a positive because people expect so much of us,' reflected Walker.

'We know with the quality we have in the dressing room that we can go and score three or four in games, but in tournament football it is about winning and moving on.'

England Football
Euro 2024
Phil Foden
Share or comment on this article: Yes, Harry Kane is dropping too deep. But who can blame him when he's so rarely given the ball? Asks IAN LADYMAN
e-mail
43
shares
Recommended by
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
Shohei Ohtani announces his wife Mamiko Tanaka is pregnant
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas after treatment for a brain tumor in 2024
NBA icon Isiah Thomas, 63, reveals shock health news
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Jake Paul defeat
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
World's greatest chess player Magnus Carlsen quits tournament after being told he cannot play while wearing jeans
ADVERTISEMENT
Buyer of Michael Jordan's cut-price $9.5m Chicago mansion revealed
Plans to honor legacy of NBA great after putting him out of misery 
Travis Kelce recharges with Taylor Swift in romantic New York trip after Christmas Day on the football field
Kyrie Irving says what everyone is thinking after fight erupts between Phoenix Suns and Dallas Mavericks
ADVERTISEMENT
Tyreek Hill drops major hint he could be traded to the Los Angeles Chargers
Travis Kelce gets emotional $120,000 Christmas gift from Chiefs teammates after his $6m home was robbed
Was delighted with it 
Ex-Mississippi State running back Dontae Walker, who served jail time for drug possession, dead
John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen show that not all Americans follow our beautiful game as she confuses 'underdog' Chelsea with Ipswich on Arsenal trip
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce take their relationship to the next level with life-changing move
NFL quarterback doubtful for Sunday showdown with playoff hopes hanging by a thread
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Pat McAfee accused of firing off at ESPN rival Stephen A. Smith after Shannon Sharpe hit out at a colleague
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
Seattle fans demand DK Metcalf is traded after shocking moment in Bears-Seahawks game
Another outburst from the wide receiver in Chicago
ADVERTISEMENT
Clay Travis accuses Ryan Clark of using his race 'to mask his insecurities' in astonishing attack
Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy 'hires Tom Brady's agent and could quit' after miserable season in Dallas
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
Lions QB Jared Goff reveals why he has 'issue' with 49ers' Brock Purdy: 'Got to relax'
Shocking details emerge about cop who pinned Dolphins player Tyreek Hill to the floor
Ex-NFL star Dana Stubblefield has rape conviction overturned, four years after being sentenced
Rickey Henderson's cause of death is revealed following MLB legend's shock passing at 65
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
Rio Ferdinand insists Arne Slot is NOT the Premier League's manager of the season so far in a heated debate with Owen Hargreaves - as he claims the Liverpool bo...
Staggering amount Beyonce was paid by Netflix to perform at halftime of Ravens-Texans NFL game
For Christmas Day spectacle in Houston
ADVERTISEMENT
Trent Alexander-Arnold is already a Liverpool legend and one of the best creative players in the world... it's a crying shame English football has never fully a...
Liverpool outcast 'seeks move away from Anfield'... with many top European clubs 'lining up for his signature' after a miserable spell on Merseyside
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
Tottenham make decision on Ange Postecoglou as crunch clash emerges as key to Australian's future as manager
Are Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez secretly MARRIED? Football superstar's slip of the tongue at awards gala sets off the rumour mill
Revealed: Newcastle 'set HUGE asking price for Alexander Isak'... with top clubs including Arsenal, Real Madrid and Liverpool 'interested in the in-form striker...
Rio Ferdinand names FOUR Liverpool players in his Team of the Season so far as Bukayo Saka and Cole Palmer make the cut - and reveals the Arsenal defender who i...
Yankees star Aaron Judge and his wife get life-changing news
After he suffered heartbreaking World Series defeat against the Dodgers
Scottie Scheffler undergoes surgery after freak accident preparing Christmas dinner
Scheffler was will miss the 2025 season-opener in Hawaii next month
Everyone spots the same thing in LeBron James' Christmas post with wife Savannah and their kids Bronny, Bryce and Zhuri
Happy families 
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus Rashford... and the Euro 2024 star who could save Man City's...
Arsenal fans are convinced a loan star is being recalled after Bukayo Saka's hamstring injury... as private jet lands in London just days after midfielder was d...
Boxer Paul Bamba dies aged 35... just six days after his final fight and weeks after signing with Ne-Yo
Was named WBA Gold Cruiserweight champion
Patrick Mahomes' mom gives concerning update on her father's health
Months after she shared a picture of her daughter Mia sat by a hospital bed
Ruben Amorim names one Man United star who has proven his critics wrong and declares him an 'example' despite Red Devils' nightmare season
ADVERTISEMENT
French swimmers reveal shocking state of their Olympic bronze medals four months on from Paris 2024 - after terrible conditions of medals went viral in summer
Beyoncé sparks frenzied social media reaction as she flashes bold gesture during halftime show in first appearance since Jay-Z rape claim
Jurgen Klopp sent F1 offer just days before starting his new Red Bull role... as Helmut Marko admits he would 'LOVE' to team up with the former Liverpool manage...
Shock moment controversial 7ft NBA star Joel Embiid screams at female referee before being ejected
College football team's unusual new play sparks heated debate among fans
Rutgers attempted an unusual new play on the doorstep of the end zone
Cleveland Browns make major decision on Deshaun Watson's $230million contract
ADVERTISEMENT
Fans are all saying the same thing about rendition of the National Anthem before NFL Christmas game
Texas natives Pentatonix performed
Danica Patrick reveals why she got a back tattoo as she points out easiest way to spot a Republican
Bukayo Saka breaks silence on his hamstring injury with an update to fans from his hospital bed... as Arsenal star prepares for 'up to two months' on the sideli...
Indian paceman Jasprit Bumrah mocks Sam Konstas after dismissing teenage prodigy in Boxing Day Test
ADVERTISEMENT
Man United's 'Scrooge' co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'cancels £40,000 charity donation for club legends' in multi-billionaire's latest penny-pinching after sacking...
Chelsea January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
NBA star Luka Doncic robbed as concerning trend continues after Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes break-ins
Los Angeles Dodgers World Series hero Teoscar Hernandez agrees $66million deal to return to champions
Real Madrid are convinced Trent Alexander-Arnold will join them for free at the end of the season - and have ALREADY planned for his arrival ahead of the Januar...
Bruno Fernandes is now a liability for Man United. With the damage he does to those around him, Ruben Amorim must consider his future, writes GRAEME SOUNESS
Chiefs insider reveals Travis Kelce's plans to rest up with Taylor Swift
Set to unwind with girlfriend ahead of latest Super Bowl push 
Enzo Fernandez's ex-fiancee reveals she will fly to London to reunite with the £107m Chelsea star for New Year's Eve… just two months after star broke off their...
Ligue 1's official account hits back at Cristiano Ronaldo with brutal six-word post - after Al-Nassr star doubled down on criticism of French top flight
Cesc Fabregas delivers positive update on Dele Alli as he begins his trial period at Como FC... with ex-Tottenham and England star eager to revive his faltering...
ADVERTISEMENT
How 'Ruben Interim' blew his Man United honeymoon - and why they really are in a relegation battle
Sam Kerr and her parents met by troubled ex-AFL player brother at Perth airport - after racing back from Matildas teammate's wedding when a ute struck her grand...
ESPN staffer dies days before Christmas as emotional colleague fights back the tears during on-air tribute
Trent Alexander-Arnold 'tells Liverpool he wants to play for Real Madrid' on free transfer, report from the European champions' media mouthpiece claims
What has happened to Pete Sampras since he retired and why has he shied away from fame?
Two more for the collection, Cristiano! Ronaldo is crowned twice at the Globe Soccer Awards - as Portuguese star celebrates another prolific Al-Nassr campaign
Meet 2025's top draft prospects: A new Caitlin Clark, Coach Prime's legacy and another Holliday
Travis Hunter's fiancée makes social media decision amid scrutiny over relationship with Heisman winner
EXCLUSIVEAEW's Chris Jericho reveals the only person who can tell him to stop wrestling after 'please retire' chants
There will come a time when he quits  
Taylor Swift breaks silence on Travis Kelce's Christmas touchdown for the Chiefs
ADVERTISEMENT
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson claims Arne Slot's team aren't YET as good as one 'special' Jurgen Klopp side... and insists his Reds team-mates are focused on 'cr...
New Heights deletes Travis Kelce post on X that appeared to show his manhood
Michael Strahan launches blistering attack on Kirk Cousins after Falcons benched the quarterback
 Michael Penix Jr. takes over in Atlanta 
Dave Portnoy gives brutal verdict on Beyonce's halftime show during Texans-Ravens Christmas game
Premier League release statement after Brighton star Joao Pedro incredibly ESCAPES a red card after vicious elbow throw which missed opponent by inches
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property - and the secret to keeping him at the club, writes CR...
Ryan Bertrand on the Chelsea loan carousel, turning his hand to business and why players must educate themselves - as Champions League winner opens up on life a...
Former Premier League star emerges as front-runner for West Brom job - after Carlos Corberan left the Baggies to join Valencia on Christmas Eve
Mohamed Salah is criticised by Muslim fans after Liverpool star shares latest picture with wife and children in front of a Christmas tree
Cricket superstar Steve Smith's wife opens up about their glamorous life in New York City - and reveals the incredible number of properties they own
ADVERTISEMENT
Ruben Amorim was NOT anywhere near Man United's first choice and his team looks lost: IAN LADYMAN on how the new manager has talked the talk... but still has a ...
Legendary sports broadcaster Greg Gumbel dies aged 78
The 78-year-old called NFL games on CBS for decades and was host of the NCAA Tournament
Why 2025 will be the year Mo Salah dethrones King Henry as the Premier League's greatest, writes DANNY MURPHY
Man United fan group SLAMS Sir Jim Ratcliffe as they insist the billionaire's cost-cutting measures are an 'affront on the working-class foundations' the club w...
Matildas stars including Sam Kerr and her pregnant fiancee Kristie Mewis flock to their teammate Emily Van Egmond's stunning wedding
Former Man United first team coach Benni McCarthy 'set to take charge of national team' after departing Old Trafford in the summer
Tiger Woods hugs ex-wife Elin Nordegren after competing with their son Charlie in Florida golf event
Emotional scenes as they finish second 
LeBron James handed brutal reality check after his NFL Christmas warning
Inside 'tough love' plan of Chelsea's gesticulator in the gilet: Enzo Maresca has axed Noni Madueke after three strikes and is warning stars about their behavio...
UFC legend set for shock return to the octagon after secretly returning to drug testing pool… despite Dana White HATING the idea
ADVERTISEMENT
Australian trans golfer banned from professional circuit after bombshell rule change
Luke Littler powers past Ian White to reach the World Darts Championship's last-16... as 17-year-old sensation triumphs 4-1 in closely-fought clash with the wor...
Leeds United condemn supporters after video of them singing an anti-Palestine song in support of Israeli player Manor Solomon went viral
WNBA star rips into Elon Musk with 'go back to Africa' jibe
After tech billionaire and Donald Trump's defeat in congress 
Meet the college football WAGs heading to the NFL in 2025
To support their partners as they embark on pro careers up in the big leagues
Chiefs heiress Gracie Hunt reveals how her new boyfriend has Patrick Mahomes' seal of approval
She went public with her relationship this year
Former college football quarterback Tommy Lazzaro dies aged 27
Paul Pogba shows off incredible physique as he ramps up preparations for return from doping ban in Miami with Frenchman 'hoping to join a club in January'
Nick Kyrgios takes savage swipe at Jannik Sinner and Iga Swiatek - calling their doping scandals 'disgusting'
Falcons quarterback Michael Penix Jr. shares emotional moment with Kirk Cousins ahead of first NFL start
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Trent Alexander-Arnold is already a Liverpool legend and one of the best creative players in the world......
Rio Ferdinand insists Arne Slot is NOT the Premier League's manager of the season so far in a heated debate...
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus...
Liverpool outcast 'seeks move away from Anfield'... with many top European clubs 'lining up for his...
Revealed: Newcastle 'set HUGE asking price for Alexander Isak'... with top clubs including Arsenal, Real...
Ad Feature
Leicester are 15/2 outsiders to upset Manchester City at the King Power Stadium on Sunday - as Pep...
Jurgen Klopp sent F1 offer just days before starting his new Red Bull role... as Helmut Marko admits he...
Cesc Fabregas delivers positive update on Dele Alli as he begins his trial period at Como FC... with...
Rio Ferdinand names FOUR Liverpool players in his Team of the Season so far as Bukayo Saka and Cole Palmer...
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property -...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Leicester team that famously beat Man City 5-2 back in 2020?
French swimmers reveal shocking state of their Olympic bronze medals four months on from Paris 2024 - after...
Why 2025 will be the year Mo Salah dethrones King Henry as the Premier League's greatest, writes DANNY...
Chelsea January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Luke Littler powers past Ian White to reach the World Darts Championship's last-16... as 17-year-old...
Arsenal fans are convinced a loan star is being recalled after Bukayo Saka's hamstring injury... as private...
Ruben Amorim names one Man United star who has proven his critics wrong and declares him an 'example'...
Sorry Philippe, but you can't keep your job at a big club if you're failing to compete, writes GARY KEOWN as...
Bruno Fernandes is now a liability for Man United. With the damage he does to those around him, Ruben Amorim...
Snooker's iconic former Master of Ceremonies Alan Hughes passes away - as tributes pour in for legendary...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-13548577/Harry-Kane-dropping-deep-IAN-LADYMAN.html 
 ----- 
