MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Fernando Tatis Jr. sees Ronald Acuña Jr. as template: 2024 ‘going to be a monster year’
By Dennis Lin
Sep 13, 2023

79

LOS ANGELES — Some 2,700 miles separated two of baseball’s preeminent right fielders on Tuesday. Ronald Acuña Jr. and Fernando Tatis Jr. have played on opposite coasts throughout their careers, but for at least another night, the distance between them felt particularly fitting.

At Citizens Bank Park, Acuña smashed his 37th home run to strengthen his National League MVP case and help the juggernaut known as the Atlanta Braves to a 10-inning win. At Dodger Stadium, meanwhile, Tatis prepared for the latest game in a season that long ago unraveled for the San Diego Padres, the only major-league club this year without an extra-inning victory.

Tatis proceeded to log his 24th home run and improve his on-base plus slugging percentage to .781, more than 100 points below his career average. With 16 games left, the Padres suffered their 78th loss as the Los Angeles Dodgers rolled to an 11-2 rout. In a few weeks, a team that set out to rewrite the National League West standings will trudge into the offseason perhaps as far behind as ever.

Tatis will remain a key to potentially narrowing that gap. Maybe the biggest key. All he would have to do is approximate what Acuña, a close friend, is doing more than two years removed from major knee surgery. Or, in other words, recapture his past form as one of the most valuable players in baseball.

He missed all of the 2022 season because of his own significant injury and then a steroid suspension, but he does not lack self-belief.

“Definitely looking forward to that (in 2024),” Tatis said recently. “I mean, just being out of the game itself is not easy at all. And it’s proven — to be good at the game, you need to be playing the game. Simple as that. You can’t come out of nowhere and just be the same guy you’ve always been. But I know for sure that next year is going to be a monster year, not only for myself but for the team.”

GO DEEPER

Padres’ Big Four hitters have slumped at the worst possible time, with little time left

Acuña, since Opening Day, has set an exceedingly high bar. The 24-year-old is hitting .333, slugging .586 and leading the majors in runs (132), hits (196) and stolen bases (65). On the final day of August, he crushed a grand slam at Dodger Stadium to propel the Braves to an 8-7 victory. In doing so, he became the first player ever to compile 30 home runs and 60 stolen bases in a single season.

Tatis, meanwhile, has become enmeshed in the offensive disappointment that is the 2023 Padres. The 24-year-old entered this season with a career slash line of .292/.369/.596, the fastest player in history to tally 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases. Since being reinstated on April 20, he has shown flashes of his former brilliance but more often underwhelmed. He is hitting .259/.322/.459. He produced a .991 OPS in June, but he has not done better than .765 in any other month.

Yet there seem to be at least a few similarities between his 2023 and Acuña’s 2022. Late last April, Acuña returned from a torn anterior cruciate ligament. For the next several months, he never looked quite himself. He hit .266 with a .764 OPS. He played in 119 of the Braves’ 143 remaining regular-season games. He finished with just 15 home runs and 29 stolen bases. He later said his knee did not fully heal until November.

That was when he spent two weeks in the Dominican Republic training with the father of a friend. From Nov. 10 until around Thanksgiving, ESPN reported, Acuña hit almost daily under the supervision of Fernando Tatis Sr. He did conditioning exercises alongside Tatis Jr., who was limited to such work after undergoing his second wrist surgery of the year in October (and shoulder surgery in September). He later credited a mechanical tweak recommended by Tatis Sr. for putting him on track to win what would be his third Silver Slugger Award.

“I was open to everything,” Acuña told ESPN in May. “It’s why I went down there.”

“He went through the offseason with a mission, and it was to get better as a baseball player, learn a little bit more about the game, have a better mental approach with the people that he was talking about the game (with), like my dad and some other good players, coaches out there,” Tatis Jr. said. “And his work paid off, and you can definitely see it out there.”

Tatis hopes that his upcoming winter will be similarly productive. “I feel like, for me, the biggest part of who I am during the season is my offseason workouts, the workouts I put out there in my country,” he said. Last offseason, then, was a departure from his norm. As he recovered from his surgeries, he did not begin a swing progression until January. According to Tatis, he was not able to go through a full upper-body weight-training regimen until April.

“Definitely I’ve been weaker than I’ve ever been before,” Tatis said last week. He added: “And, you know, look at still what I’m capable of doing on the baseball field.”

Tatis spoke after homering for a second consecutive day, his latest blast having exited his bat at 109.2 mph and traveled a projected 431 feet. It was one of those flashes of brilliance. On Tuesday, a week later, Tatis briefly interrupted the Dodgers’ dominance with a 104 mph single and a 103 mph, opposite-field home run. (He also grounded into a double play at 111.4 mph.)

There have been other encouraging underlying numbers that indicate Tatis’ talent remains intact. According to Statcast, Tatis ranks in the top 10 percent of the majors in expected batting average, expected slugging percentage, hard-hit percentage, outs above average, arm strength and sprint speed. By quality of contact, he is considered among the five unluckiest hitters in the league. He has quickly adjusted to a new full-time position in right field, where he supplies elite defense. His 4.1 FanGraphs WAR ranks 25th in the game. Acuña, with 7.3 WAR, trails only the Dodgers’ Mookie Betts (7.9 WAR).

Along the way, Tatis has shouldered an unexpected workload. Tuesday marked his 125th appearance in the Padres’ 126 games since his return. He has started 124 times. He did not receive a full game off until Sunday in Houston.

“I did not intend to play him every day,” manager Bob Melvin said last week. “I was really hoping for maybe 10 games and one off, that type of thing for him. But the position we were in from the very beginning, and as athletic as he is, how well he was playing in right field, it was hard to give him days off.

“So I think you’ll see who he is in different spurts, but this probably wasn’t going to be a perfect year for him to begin with. But I’m really proud of the way he’s gone about it, as durable as he has been and gone through some tough periods with his head up and played hard.”

There will be more obstacles, some of Tatis’ own creation. His past indiscretions resulted in a broken wrist suffered in a Dec. 2021 motorcycle accident and a positive test last summer for a steroid, clostebol. Monday at hostile Dodger Stadium, an inflatable orange pill bottle was tossed into right field from the nearby stands. Unlike Acuña, Tatis will have to keep working to rebuild his credibility.

The Padres must hope he at least regains his former value, especially because of the uncertainty surrounding the other members of their so-called Big Four. Third baseman Manny Machado, a 31-year-old finishing out the first year of a $350 million contract, said Monday that surgery is a possibility to address the tennis elbow that has periodically hindered him since last season. Shortstop Xander Bogaerts, a 30-year-old in the first year of a $280 million deal, has contended with recurring wrist pain. San Diego’s epic letdown of a season has fueled speculation that left fielder Juan Soto could be traded this winter.

So Tatis, who turns 25 in January, continues to be a conspicuous source of hope. He possesses the athleticism to play almost any position, including center field, which Tatis has eyed as a possible next stop. He wields the kind of offensive skill set that could turn his $340 million extension from a premature reward into a team-friendly contract. In the near future, Acuña’s 2023 represents a template. “No doubt,” Tatis said.

Time will tell how Tatis’ 2023 is remembered. It could be the prelude to an MVP-caliber resurgence. It could be the start of something far more underwhelming. Tatis, for his part, believes it is the former.

“New pitches, new pitchers in the big leagues that I didn’t see last year. Trying to take the right approaches. My body didn’t feel the same at the beginning,” Tatis said. “And just a lot of small details that, at the end of the day, I’m a baseball player that (needs to) play. But like I mentioned, I know for sure next year is gonna be probably triple what I’m doing this year.”

(Photo: Carmen Mandato / Getty Images)

Dennis Lin is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the San Diego Padres. He previously covered the Padres for the San Diego Union-Tribune. He is a graduate of USC. Follow Dennis on Twitter @dennistlin

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4835828/2023/09/13/fernando-tatis-jr-ronald-acuna-jr-padres-braves/ 
 ----- 
