Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
DODGERS
Dodgers have no answer against Blake Snell in loss to Padres
Mookie Betts steals second as Padres shortstop Ha-Seong Kim takes a late throw while second base umpire Cory Blazer watches. Betts’ first-inning single was the Dodgers’ only hit off Blake Snell. (Mark J. Terrill / Associated Press)
By Mike DiGiovanna
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 13, 2023 Updated 11:08 PM PT
Share

If Blake Snell is the caliber of ace the Dodgers will have to find a way to beat in the playoffs, then Wednesday night’s game doesn’t bode well for their World Series hopes.

Mookie Betts led off the first inning with a bloop single to left-center field, and the Dodgers didn’t get another hit off the veteran left-hander in a 6-1 loss to the San Diego Padres before a crowd of 41,810 in Chavez Ravine.

Snell, mixing a lively 96-mph fastball with a curve, changeup and slider, burnished his National League Cy Young Award credentials with a six-inning, one-hit, eight-strikeout, one-walk effort that improved him to 14-9 with a league-best 2.43 ERA.

Snell’s 217 strikeouts rank second in the NL behind Atlanta ace Spencer Strider (259), and he leads the majors in opponents’ batting average (.187). Betts, who also walked in the third, was the only Dodger to reach base against Snell.

“I mean, sometimes there’s nothing you can do,” Dodgers left fielder Chris Taylor said, when asked how the Dodgers can beat guys like Snell in October. “I feel like we’ve done pretty well grinding guys down, but tonight, he was just good.

“He had all his pitches working. He’s having a good year for a reason — he’s got great stuff, and when he can throw any pitch in any count, it makes it tough.”

DODGERS

Young Dodgers reliever Kyle Hurt caps a ‘pretty crazy 24 hours’ with strong showing
Sept. 13, 2023

Padres right-hander Robert Suarez struck out the side in the seventh inning, right-hander Nick Martinez gave up one hit in a scoreless eighth, and left-hander Tom Cosgrove gave up a solo homer to Kolten Wong in the ninth.

The only other bright spot for the Dodgers (88-57), who rank second in the majors in runs, homers and on-base-plus-slugging percentage and lead baseball in walks, was that their magic number to clinch their 10th NL West title in 11 years was reduced to three with Arizona’s loss to the New York Mets.

And, barring a miracle, last-gasp push by the underachieving Padres for an NL wild-card spot, they won’t have to face Snell this October.

“When Blake is on, there are not too many teams that can put at-bats, put hits, together against him,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “He threw the breaking ball for a strike and down below the zone. He got a lot of swing-and-miss. He was getting ahead early. He had a good rhythm. It’s still a fastball that is 95-97 [mph]. We just couldn’t put anything together.”

Dodgers right-hander Ryan Pepiot, who replaced Julio Urías in the rotation last week after the left-hander’s arrest on suspicion of domestic violence, gave up four runs and six hits in six innings, striking out five and walking none, to fall to 2-1 with a 2.00 ERA in five starts.

San Diego Padres starter Blake Snell delivers during the first inning against the Dodgers on Wednesday at Dodger Stadium. (Mark J. Terrill / Associated Press)

Pepiot was dominant in his previous start at Miami on Thursday, retiring the first 20 batters before Josh Bell broke up his perfect-game bid with a two-out single in the sixth inning. Pepiot settled for seven shutout innings in a 10-0 win.

But two mistakes Wednesday, both on 0-and-2 pitches, doomed him Wednesday night. Juan Soto belted a right-over-the-middle, 95-mph fastball for a solo home run to right field in the first inning, and Luis Campusano drove a middle-in, 84-mph changeup over the left-field wall for a three-run homer in the fourth.

“Just a couple pitches I want back,” Pepiot said. “I felt like I attacked the zone the whole time, but … two 0-2 homers just can’t happen. The Soto one, I tried to go up and in and missed over the middle. Right in his zone. Campusano put a good swing on a pitch that wasn’t down enough.”

Soto’s shot was his 30th homer, moving the outfielder into a select group of six players with multiple 30-homer, 100-walk seasons, according to ESPN Stats & Info. The others: Ted Williams, Mel Ott, Mickey Mantle, Eddie Matthews and Jimmie Foxx.

Pepiot retired the next seven batters before Fernando Tatis Jr. doubled to left-center to open the fourth. Soto singled to right, putting runners on first and third, and Campusano hit a towering homer into the Dodgers bullpen for a 4-0 lead.

Pepiot was replaced to start the seventh by Joe Kelly, who was activated Wednesday after missing a month because of right-forearm inflammation.

DODGERS

Hernández: Despite his injuries, the Dodgers want to sign Shohei Ohtani and are his best option
Sept. 13, 2023

Kelly walked two batters, gave up a one-out infield single to Eguy Rosario to load the bases and a two-out, two-run single to Tatis, whose broken-bat flare dropped in shallow right field for a 6-0 San Diego lead.

That was more than enough offense for the Padres on a night that Snell was virtually untouchable and the usually stout Dodgers offense went silent.

The Dodgers didn’t pass the Snell test Wednesday. Roberts can only hope they don’t fold against such aces in October.

“You just have to try to grind and get them out of the game, and hopefully they make a few mistakes,” Roberts said. “I think it’s a test [for the playoffs] in the sense that you’re facing an elite pitcher, but the preparation, the focus, the importance of every pitch, it’s hard to simulate that in the regular season.”

More to Read
Signing of Blake Snell is Dodgers’ latest financial flex: ‘This is where you want to play’
Dec. 3, 2024
Dodgers agree to sign two-time Cy Young Award winner Blake Snell
Nov. 26, 2024
Reinvigorated Mookie Betts provides the spark in Dodgers’ blowout win over Padres
Oct. 9, 2024
DODGERS
Mike DiGiovanna
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Mike DiGiovanna has been covering Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Times since 1995 and spent 19 years as the Angels beat writer and two seasons on the Dodgers. He won Associated Press Sports Editors awards for game-story writing in 2001, feature-story writing in 2017 and breaking news in 2019. A native of East Lyme, Conn., and a graduate of Cal State Fullerton, he began writing for The Times in 1981.


More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

‘A Shohei economy’: How Shohei Ohtani’s first year transformed the Dodgers financially
Dec. 9, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Rents likely to balloon in wake of L.A. wildfires, experts say
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2023-09-13/dodgers-padres-game-recap 
 ----- 
