Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
DODGERS
Young Dodgers reliever Kyle Hurt caps a ‘pretty crazy 24 hours’ with strong showing
Dodgers pitcher Kyle Hurt throws to the plate during the ninth inning against the Padres on Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium. (Mark J. Terrill / Associated Press)
By Mike DiGiovanna
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 13, 2023 Updated 5:48 PM PT
Share

Kyle Hurt could not have scripted a more daunting and exhilarating opening act, the newest Dodgers pitcher mowing down the heart of the San Diego Padres order — Fernando Tatis Jr., Juan Soto and Manny Machado — on a flyout and two groundouts in the eighth inning of Tuesday night’s 11-2 victory.

For an encore, the 25-year-old right-hander struck out the side in the top of the ninth, Garrett Cooper swinging at an 86-mph changeup, Trent Grisham swinging through a 96-mph fastball and Matthew Batten swinging at an 87-mph changeup.

All that was left for the former Torrey Pines High School and USC standout to cap his memorable big-league debut was … to meet his manager?

“The first time I saw him today,” Dave Roberts said, “was shaking hands at the end of the game.”

DODGERS

Inside the Dodgers’ juggernaut farm system, the lifeblood of the club
July 23, 2023

Yes, it was a “pretty, pretty crazy 24 hours,” as Hurt said in the clubhouse, still beaming as he met local reporters for the first time.

Hurt, rated the 12th-best prospect in the organization by MLB Pipeline, was in Oklahoma City late Monday night after a 5-4 win over Tulsa when he got a call from triple-A manager Travis Barbary that he was being called up.

After a mostly sleepless night — ”I stayed up for a while thinking about it,” he said — Hurt caught a Tuesday flight to Los Angeles, landed at LAX in the late afternoon and battled traffic to Dodger Stadium, arriving at 6:45, about 25 minutes before first pitch.

Hurt, who was acquired from the Miami Marlins before the 2021 season, dressed and headed to the left-field bullpen without meeting Roberts or most of the position players, who were on the field warming up.

Toward the end of Lance Lynn’s seven-inning, two-run, five-hit, 111-pitch start, a much-needed bounce-back after the veteran right-hander was torched for 15 earned runs and 14 hits — six of them homers — in nine innings of his previous two starts, Hurt was told he would be pitching the eighth.

DODGERS

Hernández: Despite his injuries, the Dodgers want to sign Shohei Ohtani and are his best option
Sept. 13, 2023

While Padres veteran Rich Hill, a 43-year-old left-hander who has thrown 1,402 innings over 19 big-league seasons, completed the bottom of the seventh, Hurt prepared to face three sluggers who have 10 All-Star appearances and six Silver Slugger awards among them and have combined for 81 homers this season.

As he jogged toward the mound in a 9-2 game, the words of his fellow relievers echoed through his head.

“Every single guy in the bullpen that talked to me during the game, they just said, ‘Be yourself, be yourself, don’t change a thing,’ ” the 6-foot-3, 240-pound Hurt said. “And that’s exactly what I did.”

Mixing a lively four-seam fastball that averaged 96.6 mph and topped out at 97.9 with an 87-mph changeup, Hurt needed only 24 pitches, 19 of them strikes, to retire six straight batters.

“Man, that was exciting,” Roberts said. “The way he performed was really special. The life on the fastball, the changeup … and he just didn’t run from the moment. It’s a lane of hitters that he’ll remember forever. It doesn’t get any better or tougher than that.”

DODGERS

Lance Lynn provides effort Dodgers need in rout of Padres
Sept. 12, 2023

It didn’t hurt that Hurt had some margin for error, the Dodgers building a huge lead behind Freddie Freeman, who celebrated his 34th birthday with four hits, including a two-run homer and his major league-leading 55th double, and four runs, and Will Smith, who doubled in the first inning and cranked a three-run homer to center in the fourth.

That set the stage for Hurt’s performance before a Dodger Stadium crowd of 42,194, which included his parents, girlfriend, agent and several high school buddies.

“The first time we all saw him, I think, was when he came into the game,” Freeman said. “To go through that first inning with Fernando, Juan and Manny … you could just see from the side angle that his fastball was coming out hot, it looked like a different kind of heater, and he played that changeup off of it.

“I’ve heard about our pitchers in the minor leagues, and they’re coming up now, and they look amazing. And then to have a big-league debut like that is special. It’s something he and his family are always going to have.”

Hurt opened the season at Tulsa as part of a vaunted double-A pitching staff that included Emmet Sheehan, Landon Knack, Nick Frasso, River Ryan and Nick Nastrini, and Hurt was promoted to triple A in early August.

He had the highest strikeout rate in minor league baseball, going 4-4 with a 3.87 ERA, 145 strikeouts and 41 walks in 88⅓ innings over 25 games — 16 of them starts — at Tulsa and Oklahoma City.

DODGERS

Hernández: Dodgers think they can win without starting pitching. Now it’s time to prove it
Sept. 12, 2023

Hurt’s first major league stint was brief. The Dodgers needed a roster spot for reliever Joe Kelly, who was activated off the injured list for Wednesday night’s series finale against the Padres, and Hurt was optioned back to triple A despite his brilliant debut.

Hurt’s feelings were not hurt.

“It’s obviously not the greatest thing for myself, but it’s not a disappointment,” Hurt said Wednesday afternoon. “I’m not going to be pouting. All these guys are very good baseball players, and I’m just happy that I got a chance to be in the same locker room and on the same field with all of them. I couldn’t ask for anything else.”

As well as Hurt pitched Tuesday night, his fate probably was sealed before he took the Dodger Stadium mound.

“I think it was a surprise to him and the organization that he got the call [Tuesday] night, but he delivered,” Roberts said. “Where we’re at with the roster, Joe was going to come back. I don’t know what’s gonna happen with Kyle — he could come back.

“But my encouragement to him was, he filled the zone, he had swing-and-miss, he had a great experience. Continue to do that, and you never know what could happen.”

More to Read
Freddie Freeman says his ankle sprain is worst injury he’s ever tried to play through
Oct. 5, 2024
Hernández: Dodgers have the same problem that derailed their last two playoff appearances
Oct. 4, 2024
Yoshinobu Yamamoto will start for Dodgers in Game 1 of NLDS vs. Padres
Oct. 4, 2024
DODGERS
Mike DiGiovanna
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Mike DiGiovanna has been covering Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Times since 1995 and spent 19 years as the Angels beat writer and two seasons on the Dodgers. He won Associated Press Sports Editors awards for game-story writing in 2001, feature-story writing in 2017 and breaking news in 2019. A native of East Lyme, Conn., and a graduate of Cal State Fullerton, he began writing for The Times in 1981.


More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

‘A Shohei economy’: How Shohei Ohtani’s first year transformed the Dodgers financially
Dec. 9, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Rents likely to balloon in wake of L.A. wildfires, experts say
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2023-09-13/kyle-hurt-wows-dodgers-noteworthy-debut 
 ----- 
