Skip to content
Subscribe Now
66°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 11, 2025 at 11:55 am
SPORTSMLBLOS ANGELES DODGERSNews
Dodgers stifled by Blake Snell as Padres take series finale
Snell allows just one hit in six scoreless innings, Juan Soto and Luis Campusano homer off of Ryan Pepiot and the Padres win, 6-1. The Dodgers’ magic number to clinch the NL West title is four.
San Diego Padres starting pitcher Blake Snell throws to the plate during the sixth inning of their game against the Dodgers on Wednesday night at Dodger Stadium. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
By DOUG PADILLA
UPDATED: September 15, 2023 at 1:14 AM PDT

LOS ANGELES — As the Dodgers have started to square away their 2023 postseason plans this week, they were rocked by visions of October 2022.

The latest evidence of the Dodgers’ bumpy September came Wednesday night when they were held to one hit over six dominant innings by San Diego Padres ace Blake Snell and fell, 6-1, in the deciding game of a three-game series.

Kolten Wong allowed the Dodgers to avoid the shutout with a leadoff home run in the ninth inning.

The Padres won two of the three games in their visit to Dodger Stadium after winning just twice in the first 10 meetings this season between the teams. It was not a series the Dodgers expected to lose, making the comparison to last October inevitable, even if the stakes were far lower.

The Padres knocked the Dodgers out of the National League Division Series last season by winning three of the first four games of a best-of-five series.

The postseason is fading from the Padres’ grasp this season, but they looked the part of a contender this week with an offensive eruption to pull off an 11-8 victory on Monday then watching Snell (14-9, MLB-best 2.43 ERA) bolster his NL Cy Young Award case with his gem Wednesday.

“He’s always had success against us,” said the Dodgers’ Chris Taylor, who went 0 for 2 against Snell and 0 for 4 in the game with two strikeouts. “I thought tonight was the best he’s looked since we’ve faced him.”

Even considering the 2020 World Series when Snell was dominating in Game 6 as a member of the Tampa Bay Rays before he was removed?

“That was a long time ago,” Taylor said. “I mean, recently, at least this year, I thought that was the best he’s looked as far as throwing four pitches, locating. He was tough tonight.”

The Dodgers are now just 5-7 this month after going 24-5 in August.

Their magic number to clinch a 10th NL West title in 11 seasons is at four, with a champagne party a possibility this weekend during a three-game series that begins Friday in Seattle.

“I think that once we put our (October) roster together, we’ll do a good job of preventing runs,” Manager Dave Roberts said. “What roles guys are going to play, I don’t know yet. It’s not going to be conventional. It doesn’t need to be.”

Soto hit a go-ahead home run in the ninth inning to win Monday’s game, and his first-inning homer Wednesday put San Diego ahead, 1-0.

Dodgers right-hander Ryan Pepiot took a perfect game into the seventh inning last week in Miami, but his no-hitter and shutout were gone three batters into his most recent appearance.

The Padres made it 4-0 in the third inning when Fernando Tatis Jr. doubled, Soto singled and Luis Campusano hit a three-run home run to left.

San Diego’s lead grew to 6-0 in the seventh inning on a bases-loaded, broken-bat two-run single by Tatis, with both runs charged to right-hander Joe Kelly, who walked the first two batters he faced while making his return from a bout with forearm inflammation.

“I think that every September we have played good baseball except one,” Roberts said in reference to a 12-17 record in September of 2017. “I think it’s just focusing on playing good baseball. Try not to get too far ahead of things. And once we get to a certain point, dial it in.”

Pepiot gave up four runs on six hits over six innings without walking a batter. He had five strikeouts on 90 pitches. Over his first four major league appearances this season, he gave up two runs in 21 innings.

“Just a couple of pitches I want back,” Pepiot said. “I felt like I attacked the (strike) zone the entire time. I fell behind a couple of guys who got singles, but obviously two 0-2 homers can’t happen. The Soto one, I tried to get up and in and missed out over the middle. And Campusano put a good swing on a pitch that wasn’t (out of the strike zone) enough.”

The Padres won without Manny Machado and Xander Bogaerts, who both got the night off. Machado homered twice in Monday’s game.

Wong’s home run was his second since joining the Dodgers on Aug. 9 and his fourth in 75 total games this season.

RELATED ARTICLES
Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts banned from all MLB games
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal

Dave Roberts speaks highly of Blake Snell’s pitching against the #Dodgers. pic.twitter.com/tmRnsihOlS

— SportsNet LA (@SportsNetLA) September 14, 2023

“I thought tonight was the best he looked since we faced him.” Chris Taylor on Blake Snell’s performance. pic.twitter.com/1kcGPHx4Pg

— SportsNet LA (@SportsNetLA) September 14, 2023

Last 20 starts for the @Padres' Blake Snell:

1.31 ERA
12.54 K/9

He's the first pitcher in MLB history to have a sub-1.50 ERA with 12.50+ K/9 over a 20-start span in a single season. pic.twitter.com/Zj7E4goA9v

— OptaSTATS (@OptaSTATS) September 14, 2023

“Just tried to keep the guys in the ball game, but I put them in too big of a hole.” Ryan Pepiot speaks on his mistakes and playing in the postseason. pic.twitter.com/OKfMD7D8w3

— SportsNet LA (@SportsNetLA) September 14, 2023

Originally Published: September 13, 2023 at 9:58 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Red flag warning points to new wildfire dangers in Southern California, lasts until Wednesday eve
L.A. wildfires’ economic toll: Devastating losses followed by burst of building
Macy’s closing 66 stores, 9 in California
Orange County restaurants shut down by health inspectors (Jan. 2-9)
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Surf industry’s Liberated Brands lays off nearly 400, closes Costa Mesa offices
Disneyland starts construction on Avengers Campus expansion this weekend
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle survey Eaton fire damage
Three football players transfer to Mater Dei; two all-league juniors depart Los Alamitos
Humvees, bayonets taken in break-in at Army Reserve Center in Tustin
Fire danger: Here is the wind forecast for Jan. 10 to Jan. 15
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN LOS ANGELES DODGERS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
2023
September
13
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2023/09/13/dodgers-stifled-by-blake-snell-as-padres-take-series-finale/ 
 ----- 
