Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Breece Hall culminates amazing recovery with 147-yard performance: "I'm still that dude"

The New York Jets running back looked as electric as ever on Monday Night Football.

Breece Hall runs for 83 yards against the Bills.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
12/09/2023 - 21:38 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Mina Kimes 'dunks' on mansplaining fan with clinical Aaron Rodgers tweet
NFL. New York Jets lose Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers lose high draft pick in 2024

Monday Night Football was a rollercoaster of emotions for the New York Jets. It began with a touching 9/11 tribute, continued with an early season-ending injury for Aaron Rodgers and finished with a dramatic overtime win over the Buffalo Bills.

Lost in the Rodgers injury aftermath was the performance of second-year running back Breece Hall, who was playing in his first game since tearing his ACL on October 23 of last year. In a little under 11 months, Hall looked fully recovered from an injury that generally takes more time to heal.

On the first offensive play for the Jets, Hall took a carry for 26 yards, but he really showcased why he's so highly thought of in the second quarter when he exploded for an 83-yard gain.

It was plays like that one that made him the heavy Rookie of the Year favorite last season before his injury. He was averaging 5.8 yards per carry and 11.5 yards per reception.

Many made note of Hall being caught by a defensive player on the 83-yard run. Pre-ACL injury, it's likely he would have scored on a play like that, but there's plenty of time for Hall to return to form. Hall mentioned postgame that he felt like his normal self as soon as he stepped onto the MetLife Stadium turf.

Once I got on the field, I was like, 'I'm still that dude. Anytime I touch the ball, I can do whatever I want with it. I always had that mentality, but I was just happy the coaches stuck with me today. They said I was going to have a pitch count before the game, but I told them I don't want a pitch count.

The best is yet to come
MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Hall touched the ball 11 times on Monday night but only played 31% of the snaps. Though the Jets signed Dalvin Cook to form a 1-2 punch with Hall, the 22-year-old is the much more dynamic running back at this stage in their careers.

With Rodgers out for the season, Hall will be needed even more than initially expected as the Jets will likely employ a more run-heavy approach to take the pressure off of Zach Wilson. So far, so good.

NFL - English
New York Jets - English
New York JetsNFL under fire for state of MetLife Stadium turf: 'We want grass'
New York JetsJets rookie Xavier Gipson is NY's new hero, as predicted by Aaron Rodgers' sidekick
New York JetsPeyton Manning goes off on Zach Wilson during Monday Night Football broadcast
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/13/65012087268e3ea8368b45fd.html 
 ----- 
