Your privacy choices

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners process personal data such as cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data. Some partners may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. View a list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest or and how you can object to it. 

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners may use your data for the listed purposes, you can manage your choices by clicking Manage Options. 

You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking the cog icon at corner or the link at bottom of the page.

Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research
Special Features
Use precise geolocation data
Manage Options
AGREE AND PROCEED
Skip to main content
Home
Blog View
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
MLB
Media
Headlines
Podcast
#pounditSunday, January 12, 2025
Ronald Acuña Jr upset with Johan Oviedo, causes benches to clear
September 9, 2023
by Larry Brown

Read 6 Comments
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
Reddit
LinkedIn
Skype
Email
Article Tags
Johan Oviedo
Ronald Acuna

Ronald Acuña Jr. became upset with Johan Oviedo during the bottom of the first inning of Saturday night’s game between the Atlanta Braves and Pittsburgh Pirates at Truist Park in Atlanta, Ga., which caused the benches to empty.

Acuña was leading off for Atlanta and got upset after a 2-1 pitch from Oviedo tailed inside near Acuña’s thigh. Acuña stared down the Pirates pitcher and started to say something. Oviedo responded by approaching Acuña, who talked back to the Pirates pitcher.

Acuña had to be restrained by home plate umpire Rob Drake. Teammates from both sides came out to separate the two players.

Benches clear in the first inning after Pirates pitcher Johan Oviedo and Ronald Acuña Jr. exchange a few words. pic.twitter.com/rUs6HAqRYl

— Bally Sports: Braves (@BravesOnBally) September 9, 2023

Acuña has been hit by a pitch seven times this season. He didn’t want Oviedo to make it number eight.

Acuña ended up walking in the at-bat and was caught stealing. The Braves star is in the middle of an MVP-caliber season and has helped his team to the best record in the league.

GET THE BEST OF LBS VIA EMAIL
I want more great sports stories!
SIGN UP TODAY FOR FREE AND GET THE BEST SPORTS CONTENT SENT TO YOUR INBOX.
YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE ANYTIME. FOR MORE DETAILS, REVIEW OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Subscribe 
Loading...
© LB SPORTS MEDIA GROUP INCORPORATED Dedicated to the memory of Nevil Vega
About
Contact Us
Editorial Process
Meet the Staff
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://larrybrownsports.com/baseball/ronald-acuna-jrjohan-oviedo-benches-clear/620349 
 ----- 
