Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Atlanta Braves' Ronald Acuna Jr. Joins Exclusive List That Includes Some of Best Players in Baseball History
With another big performance on Friday night, MVP candidate Ronald Acuna Jr. joined another very exclusive list in baseball history.
Brady Farkas | Sep 9, 2023
Atlanta Braves' Ronald Acuna Jr. Joins Exclusive List That Includes Some of Best Players in Baseball History /
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

The Atlanta Braves rolled the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night 8-2. Once again, National League MVP candidate Ronald Acuna Jr. fueled the victory, going 3-for-4 with a home run, two RBI and two runs scored. 

He's now hitting an insane .334 on the year with 35 home runs, 90 RBI and 63 stolen bases. He's posted an incredible OPS of .999 thus far this season, and his performance on Friday night earned him a special place in baseball history.

Per ESPN Stats & Info:

Ronald Acuña Jr. is the 5th player in MLB history to record multiple seasons of 35 HR & 35 stolen bases, joining: 

 Alfonso Soriano (3) Barry Bonds (2) Bobby Bonds (2) Willie Mays (2)

That's an impressive list to join as Barry Bonds and Willie Mays are two of the best players to ever play the game. Bobby Bonds was a three-time All-Star and three-time Gold Glover as well who hit 332 lifetime homers over 14 seasons.

Soriano is an under appreciated player of the 2000s. He hit 412 career home runs over 16 seasons while also stealing 289 career bases.

Acuna Jr. is a .290 hitter lifetime with 155 homers and 386 RBI. He's helped lead the Braves to the best record in all of baseball.

At 92-48, they lead the National League East by 15.0 games over the Philadelphia Phillies. After winning the World Series in 2021, they are on the short list of favorites to win the title again this year.

The Braves will take on the Pirates again on Saturday at 7:20 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Atlanta Braves coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Braves Today.

Published Sep 9, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/atlanta-braves-star-superstar-ronald-acuna-jr-joins-some-of-the-best-players-in-baseball-history-by-having-two-seasons-of-35-home-runs-and-35-stolen-bases 
 ----- 
