Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Cincinnati Bengals
Uncertainty looms over Tee Higgins' contract extension with Bengals

With Joe Burrow's extension and Chase due for his, Higgins might be come collateral damage

Tee Higgins might have to look elsewhere when his contract is upLAPRESSE
TA
08/09/2023 - 19:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Tom Brady will return to New England for Patriots opener as a brand new man
Coach Andy Reid trolled by NFL fans after late game decision in Chiefs' loss to Lions

The Cincinnati Bengals face a tricky situation with star wide receiver Tee Higgins as he enters the final year of his contract. Negotiations between the two parties have apparently stalled, causing speculation and uncertainty around Higgins' future with the team.

According to Kelsey Conway of the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Bengals and Higgins are currently far from reaching an agreement. This news emerges just a day after the Bengals sealed a massive five-year, $275 million contract with quarterback Joe Burrow, of which a whopping $219 million is guaranteed. Interestingly, Burrow had expressed hopes of crafting a deal that would secure the futures of both Higgins and Ja'Marr Chase, another standout receiver. Yet, as of now, Higgins' path forward with the Bengals remains unclear.

Tee Higgins is last in line when it comes to the Bengals big extensions LAPRESSE

Earlier this year, the Bengals had extended an offer to the 24-year-old Higgins, which he declined, as reported by Conway. If no deal is struck, Higgins could find himself under the franchise tag, which is projected to be at least $19.74 million post the 2023 season, as per Over The Cap.

The air was filled trade rumors concerning Higgins earlier this off-season, yet Higgins was vocal about his desire to continue his time with the Bengals. Complementing this sentiment, Cincinnati's director of player personnel, Duke Tobin, referred to Higgins as "a good piece" for the squad, negating any rumors about the player being on the trade block.

Despite the contract uncertainties, Higgins remains unfazed. Two days before the Bengals' season opener against the Cleveland Browns, Higgins confessed to being in the dark about the status of his contract talks. However, he emphasized his commitment to the team. "My job is to come in every day and do what I do best - work and catch the ball from No. 9," affirmed Higgins.

His performance statistics are certainly impressive. With a record of over 1,000 receiving yards for two consecutive years, Higgins has marked his territory in the NFL. Since being picked up by the Bengals in the second round in 2020, he has scored 19 touchdowns and boasts 3,028 career receiving yards with 215 receptions.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

Given the big deals for Burrow and the anticipated extension for Chase, Higgins might be faced with a challenging decision. Tyler Boyd, a fellow wide receiver, shared his view, stating that Higgins "got the short end of the stick" when compared to the team's trio of star players. However, Boyd was quick to highlight Higgins' substantial worth.

The immediate future for a contract extension seems bleak for Higgins. Conway has hinted that the Bengals might not consider Higgins in their long-term game plan. A potential scenario could see the Bengals executing a tag-and-trade deal for Higgins in the next off-season, making way for a team willing to invest more than the franchise tag's value.

Tee Higgins - English
Joe Burrow - English
Ja'Marr Chase - English
Cincinnati Bengals - English
NFL - English
Cincinnati BengalsBengals on alert as Ja'Marr Chase admits to seeking landmark extension
NCAAWhen will Shedeur Sanders and Travis Hunter get drafted to the NFL?
Cincinnati BengalsJoey Burrow's $275 million contract: More than Messi, while only two athletes earn more in the US
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/cincinnati-bengals/2023/09/09/64fbb1bbca474109468b45ee.html 
 ----- 
