skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketNetherlands vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: David Miller (59*) seals a tense win for SA; NED give Proteas a scare in New York
Netherlands vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: David Miller (59*) seals a tense win for SA; NED give Proteas a scare in New York
Netherlands vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: For Netherlands, Synbrand Engelbrecht was the leading run scorer with his 40 as the Proteas pacers wreaked havoc.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 9, 2024 00:20 IST
Follow Us
South Africa's David Miller celebrates scoring the winning runs against the Netherlands during an ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, N.Y., Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP/PTI)

Netherlands vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: David Miller scored 59 off 51 deliveries to help South Africa comeback from a horror start to register a four wicket win. Chasing 104, South Africa had lost four wickets for 12 but were given a second life on the back of Miller’s slow-build partnership with Tristan Stubbs (33).

Earlier, Ottniel Baartman snapped four wickets as South Africa managed to restrict Netherlands for 103/9 off their 20 overs in their Group D clash at the Nassau County Stadium in New York on Saturday. South Africa skipper Aiden Markram won the toss and elected to field first against Netherlands during their Group D clash in New York on Saturday.

Playing XI – Netherlands: Michael Levitt, Max ODowd, Vikramjit Singh, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Scott Edwards(w/c), Bas de Leede, Teja Nidamanuru, Logan van Beek, Tim Pringle, Paul van Meekeren, Vivian Kingma; South Africa: Quinton de Kock(w), Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram(c), Tristan Stubbs, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Ottneil Baartman

Follow the highlights from the Netherlands vs South Africa match below

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 16
Netherlands
103/9 (20.0)
vs
South Africa
106/6 (18.5)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 16 )
South Africa beat Netherlands by 4 wickets
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Netherlands vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch all the highlights from the NED vs SA match from the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
23:41 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Captains post-match

Scott Edwards, Netherlands: "Extremely close. In a score of 110, an over can change the game. Credit to South Africa - they bowled extremely well - and the way those batted in the end. [It's about] just getting an understanding of how the wicket plays. We pride ourselves on playing good cricket over the last few years. Right until that last six, I felt we were one wicket away. It was a tough wicket to start on."

Aiden Markram, South Africa: "We knew they were always going to up for a scrap. It's a game of cricket ultimately. History before this game was obviously they beat us. It's a mental blockade... We were under pressure again today. Pretty close. If you look at 19 [12] for 4, to squeeze the win out of there is good for the team environment."

23:33 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Player of the match

David Miller (59* off 51): "It was just a good finish in the end. The wicket played better than in the first game. Credit to the Netherlands bowlers - they bowled really well... You need to be able to play the game. They made us difficult for us to score. We have got over the line with our tailenders, so I have faith."

23:22 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA WIN!

Bas de Leede to bowl his last over. And Miller finds the fence off his very first ball. Swing down the deep square leg region for SIX! Followed by a couple off the very next delivery. A dot ball follows. The equation is now down to eight needed from nine balls.

Miller at 49, and he brings up his fifty in style. Lofted over extra cover. And he closes the game off the next ball in an even better way. A swing in front of square on the on side. A SIX! Miller closes it off for SA. A four wicket win. 

What a match this was! The scorecard doesn't do justice to what we've witnessed in New York today. South Africa, despite their recent history against Netherlands, had every right to feel they were the favorites as the chase began. And then, came the flying Dutchmen. One, two, three, four wickets in the powerplay. A slow build partnership ensued. But even with 27 needed off the 22 balls, the Dutch found their way back in with two wickets. And then, David Miller finally came through. He had been the Proteas hope in their previous encounter against the Dutch at the World Cup but couldn't finish the job. This time, he did. And the roar that followed showed just about how much winning this one meant for him and his team. Well played Netherlands, they surely can't be termed minnows no more at a world event. And South Africa - whisper it - may be a different South Africa at this tournament.

23:17 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Miller hits a SIX, van Beek removes Jansen

Logan van Beek, who took the catch of Stubbs in the last over, is up to bowl his last over. Starts off with a dot ball. But David Miller picks up the next, a length ball, with a big swing that clears the deep square leg fence for SIX!

Followed by a slower one, just a single. Jansen finds the gap down the backward point region but Tim Pringle does a fantastic job at saving two runs by the boundary. And off the next ball, van Beek cleans up Jansen off a poor swing. Keshav Maharaj is the new man in, but Miller denies him a single off the last ball. He wants to see this through himself. 88/6 after 18. 16 needed off the last two overs.

23:12 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Stubbs gone!

Bas de Leede to bowl the 17th over. First delivery is angled into the right-hander and Stubbs tucks it aside for a couple. The second ball, shorter in length, is met with a glory pull shot but Stubbs hasn't connected it as sweetly as he would have liked and Logan van Beek at the mid wicket fence takes the catch. One final twist in the tale, is it?

Remember, this is where the South African tale is exposed. Marco Jansen is the new man in, and he's coped a nasty blow to the body. 79/5 after 17 overs. 25 needed off the last three overs.

23:07 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Maiden from van Meekeren

Paul van Meekeren to close his spell. David Miller on strike. You'd think that with the required rate now caught up with, the Killer-Miller would take over the game by the scruff of its neck from here. But van Meekeren has given the Dutch a way back into this game. A maiden over, at this juncture. It's now 29 needed off the last 24 balls.

23:02 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA catch up on the RR

A boundary an over. That will do it. That's more than enough at this point for South Africa. It's Tristan Stubbs who goes after it again. Dances down the track and lofts one over mid off for four. Eight runs from the over. 29 needed off the last 30 balls.

22:59 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: The Tristan Stubbs we know

Vikramjit Singh to bowl for the first time today. And for the first time this innings, Tristan Stubbs looks himself. Length ball from the medium-pacer, angling into the middle and off stump, and the Proteas hoicks it over wide long on region for SIX! The kind of shot those who injected his IPL highlights earlier this Indian summer would be more familiar with. South Africa, 67/4 after 14 overs.

22:53 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Netherlands still the favorites

A fine over from Paul van Meekeren with just the two runs given. Netherlands surely have to feel they hold the advantage here. David Miller, and even Tristan Stubbs may have taken the odds of 48 needed from seven overs many a times in their professional career, but on this wicket, against this team, there are likely to be nerves - still - in this chase. 56/4 after 13 overs.

22:48 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Now or never for SA

Pringle into his second over. David Miller takes the aerial route. Just about clears the long on fence. The southpaw with the 'it's now or never' nod to Stubbs at the other end. South Africa cross the 50 mark. 54/4 after 12 overs.

22:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Miller keeping SA in the hunt, somehow

Bas de Leede to continue from the other end. Length ball and Miller goes for a heave but it catches the inside half of the bat and beats the fielder at mid wicket. Three runs taken. Next up, a short and quicker delivery that catches a top edge off a fend to run down third man for four. That one took Miller by surprise but the end result is in favor of the Proteas. A good over this. 43/4 after 11 overs.

22:37 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Halfway stage, Miller holds the key

Tim Pringle to bowl the 10th over. Tristan Stubbs had been one of the most aggressive middle order batters in the recent IPL season. Here though, against this team, on this pitch, in this game, he has been reduced to a cautious batter holding this game for his team on a thread. It looks like David Miller, once again, holds the key to avoid this defeat. Three from the over. 32/4 at the halfway stage.

22:32 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Miller scores the first boundary of the innings

Miller decides to go for one. Paul van Meekeren offers him just enough width to pierce one through covers for FOUR. First boundary of the innings for South Africa, and it's taken them 50 deliveries to score that. We're all getting a different taste of the format at this T20 World Cup, that's for sure. 

An extra conceded off the over. Ends the over with a dot. South Africa still well behind on the required rate. 29/4 after nine overs.

22:28 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Miller survives caught-behind appeal

Bas de Leede introduced into the attack. He was another protagonist of the previous Dutch win against the Proteas at a World Cup (the 50-overs one, there have been a couple :) ). And he's induced an appeal off his very first delivery. There sure was a sound as the ball passed the bat. Scott Edwards goes for a review. The Ultra Edge confirms, it's not out. The ball grazed Miller's trousers. But you can sense, the Dutch are knocking all the right doors and something has to give in. SOON. 22/4 after eight overs.

22:24 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Miller opening his arms

Vivian Kingma given an additional fourth over on a trot. Oh the Dutch are going all in on this one, aren't they?

David Miller decides to open his arms, slaps a shortish delivery over covers. The slow outfield prevents it from going all the way for four but Miller and Stubbs run three. Another slap shot off the last delivery but it's struck even less cleanly, just the one run. 21/4 after seven overs.

22:20 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: NED all over SA

Paul van Meekeren replaces Logan van Beek from the other end. 

Tristan Stubbs looks to break the shackles with a heave but is beaten with a wobble-seam delivery. The Netherlands are combining skill with the mental stranglehold they have over this particular team in ICC tournaments. 16/4 after the powerplay.

22:16 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kingma strikes again, Klaasen in the hut!

Another one bites the dust! The Dutch are on a roll out here. 

Short of a length delivery from Vivian Kingma and Klaasen goes for the gung-ho pull but is caught by Tim Pringle, who takes a superb catch diving to his left, running in from the deep backward square fence. 12/4 after five overs.

22:12 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA on the back foot

Logan van Beek into his second over. Safe to say South Africa have been pished against the wall here. Powerplay? What powerplay? The Proteas middle order have been forced to do a slow build job after three quick wickets. Just the four runs come off the fourth over. 12/3 after four overs.

22:03 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Captain the latest victim!

Can you believe this? You have to. You must.

South Africa captain Aiden Markram survives a caught behind appeal outside the off stump, only to be caught behind off the very next delivery off a delivery down leg. Just trying to tuck it down fine leg and skipper Scott Edwards takes a superb catch diving to his left. It's 3/3, and the Dutch fans are going all crazy in the stands. New York, New York, come watch this thing called cricket. 

21:55 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Another one bites the dust!

Hold on. HOLD ON!

What were we even thinking calling 103 a straightforward total and all? Folly us. The Netherlands against South Africa are it. And they are showing us exactly why. 

Logan van Beek cleans up Reeza Hendricks. South Africa lose a second wicket with just three runs on the board, and dare we say, they are very much the underdogs from here. 3/2 after two overs.

21:51 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Run out off the first ball!

South Africa, anyone? Netherlands vs South Africa, anyone? What a terrible start for the Proteas. A run out off the first ball. Reeza Hendricks was iffy to go for a single but his partner Quinton de Kock has scampered halfway past the 22 yards. Dutch players have a laugh about it. They should. South Africa, chasing a relatively straightforward total against the Dutch have lost an early wicket. History favors the Oranje from here. 3/1 after the first over.

21:47 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA kickstart the chase

Not like this would require them to go all guns blazing but it's what they like to do, don't they? Reeza Hendricks and Quinton de Kock have earned their stripes playing an aggressive brand of cricket. But with just the 104 needed, on a pacer-friendly wicket to say the least, what is it that the SA pacers will opt to do today? We're about to find out as Vivian Kingma readies himself to bowl the first over.

21:31 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: End of innings

Ottniel Baartman snaps three wickets in his last over, giving away only one run. First ball: Sybrand Engelbrecht tracked back in his crease to go over extra cover but but doesn't quite find the middle of the bat and is caught by Marco Jansen. Tim Pringle then hands skipper Aiden Markram a straightforward catch at short mid-wicket. And finally, Logan van Beek - trying to go over extra cover - is caught at the fence courtesy of the slower one.

South Africa finish on a strong note. 103/9 is what the Netherlands are able to procure from their 20 overs. And from where they were midway through the innings, it doesn't seem all that bad.

21:30 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rabada leaks big in last over!

Rabada to bowl his final over for the day. Goes slow and short and Sybrand Engelbrecht smacks it over the wide mid-on for SIX! Fine shot that, was executed by the batter standing on his toes.

Logan van Beek closes the over by picking the slower one, this time for four. 15 come off the over. 102/6 after 19 overs.

21:23 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Van Beek pickpockets another 4

Baartman has given only three runs off his first two overs. Logan van Beek picks him up for a boundary - clears the front leg and muscles one over mid off for four. One has to wonder, how different the innings might have looked had such a partnership materialized in the first half of the innings for the Dutch., Seven from the over. 87/6 after 18 overs.

21:20 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jansen ends spell with a drop and two fours!

Marco Jansen to Sybrand Engelbrecht, dropped! Length ball that was hit back hard towards the bowler, who stuck out his left hand but couldn't hold onto the ball. 

A couple of boundaries follow. Much needed at this stage for the Dutch. Short ball, pulled down deep backward square leg by Engelbrecht for four. Then, another short ball, another pull, this time executed by Logan van Beek - top edged and the keeper is unable to stop it down the fine leg fence. 80/6 after 17 overs.

21:17 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Dutch unable to cap on chances

Nortje's turn to close his spell. A couple of good opportunities arise for Logan van Beek and Sybrand Engelbrecht to pickpocket boundaries but they are unable to capitalize them. A short-ish delivery is met with a pull but isn't timed well. A length ball well outside the off stump is directed down square leg, but only for a single. Then, a free hit: Nortje opts for hard length outside off, but once again, the timing is off. In the end, only five runs come from the over. 71/6 after 16 overs.

21:10 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: First boundary in three overs

Keshav Maharaj to Sybrand Engelbrecht, who advances down the ground to thump one over the bowler's head for four. First boundary in 18 deliveries. Nine runs from that over. 66/6 after 15 overs as Keshav Maharaj wraps up his spell.

21:07 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Unlucky Rabada

Kagiso Rabada to bowl his third. Bangs one in on the good length, in the corridor of uncertainty, and the outside edge just falls short of the fielder at first slip. He's been banging on the door as well as any of counterparts today but the wickets have just not come for Rabada so far. Still, another tight lot of three overs - 13 runs given in them. 57/6 after 14 overs.

21:03 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Maharaj keeping the economy in check

Keshav Maharaj into his third over. He's cleaned up his quota pretty quickly with the wickets continuing to fall at the other end - at the same time, keeping the economy rate in check. Four runs off his latest. Fifty up for the Dutch. 52/6 after 13 overs.

20:58 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Edwards run out!

Skipper Scott Edwards is the new man in for the Dutch, and straightaway goes down to execute a reverse sweep, he loves playing those sweep shots doesn't he. 

In fact, in the Dutch triumph against the same side last year, Edwards had laced quite a few of those. (RECAP)

Today though, he isn't able to play as many. A reverse lap shot off Nortje sails down the third man fence for SIX! But then, a run out at the non-striker's end and the Dutch skipper has to walk back.

Nortje wraps up the over with another short and quick delivery to snap his second. Teja Nidamanuru departs for a golden duck. Netherlands are 48/6.

20:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Nortje strikes!

Nortje continues, and he strikes!

A short one does the trick again. Too awkward a bounce for Bas de Leede to handle and the ball splices off the fend to David Miller at backward point. Fourth wicket for the Proteas!

20:42 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Spin into the attack

Among the pacers who wreaked havoc, Keshav Maharaj also got the job done, and snapped wickets for South Africa in their opener. 

On he comes to bowl his first of the day. Slightly better over for Dutch. 32/3 after nine overs.

20:39 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Nortje steams in

Nortje time! 

The prime protagonist of South Africa's win in their tournament opener is brought into the attack, and keeps with the policy of economical bowling. Another three run over and you can almost smell another wicket. Any time now. 26/3 after eight overs.

20:34 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Sharp bounce takes de Leede by surprise

Kagiso Rabada with a change of ends. Almost nabs a wicket by banging one short and taking Bas de Leede by surprise. It took off sharply once hitting the strip and de Leede did meet it with a leading edge but it fell in a no man's land. 23/3 after seven.

20:33 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: End of powerplay

Baartman to wrap up the first powerplay for South Africa. Bas de Leede has joined Sybrand Engelbrecht in the middle. The duo is rightly cautious in their approach and not "throwing their bat at every ball" as was asked for by Dale Steyn on the comms in the last over, following the dismissal of Vikramjit. 20/3 after six overs. Clearly, any work that ICC has put into this surface to "remedy the situation" in New York needs more following up to be done.

20:26 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jansen strikes, again!

Marco Jansen - into his third over - to Vikramjit Singh. Full and quick, and the Dutch southpaw - looking to play this across the line - has made a real mess of his stumps. A second wicket for Jansen and the betting favorites for this one are in deep trouble. Netherlands: 18/3 after five overs.

20:21 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Baartman strikes!

Ottniel Baartman into the attack, makes an instant impact, as he did in his World Cup debut vs Sri Lanka. 

Seams one slightly away from the right-hander and Max O'Dowd nicks it behind, Marco Jansen at first slip takes a brilliant one-handed catch diving to his left. 15/2 after four overs.

20:18 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: No-ball denies Jansen a second wicket

Jansen continues from the other end and induces another edge for Quinton de Kock to collect. This time, the Proteas all celebrate at once. But their joy is shortlived as the umpire signals for no-ball. Vikramjit crisps a drive through the off side but the slow nature of the outfield plays a part. Caution for the India and Pakistan fans: this is unlikely to change a whole lot in tomorrow's games, so tone down those expectations of what an ideal score is going to be, if you haven't already. 14/1 after three overs.

20:12 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: First boundary

Kagiso Rabada takes over from the other end. Vikramjit Singh gives the Dutch loyalists in Nassau something to cheer about on the 10th delivery of the innings. A lofted shot over the infield on the on side for four. 7/1 after two overs.

20:07 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: First wicket!

First three deliveries, Jansen keeps pitching the ball farther away from the batter. A fuller one to start with, pitched up on the legs. Then, a short of a length delivery - inside edged onto the pads. The one after it is banged full on short and gives away the first runs of the day to the Dutch. 

Jansen pivots to the angular advantage he holds and seams one away from the right-hander but doesn't realize what's happened. Not many in the Proteas shirts do, except Quinton de Kock who's held onto the ball and immediately thrown it skywards in jubilation. Levitt seems to have edged it. Umpire doesn't give anything and South Africa go upstairs. Almost forced to by de Kock. And they're rewarded for it. First wicket falls, just what South Africa wanted: 1/1 after first over.

19:56 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Game time

A lovely atmosphere around the Nassau County Stadium in New York following the two national anthems. Just the kind of revving one needs ahead of a World Cup clash. 

It's time for the main course. Marco Jansen has been handed the new ball. On strike is right-handed Michael Levitt. Good match up on offer.

19:51 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Can SA counter the Dutch grapple?

Heinrich Klaasen dug into it ahead of the game. "The moment they get on top of you they become a difficult beast. When other teams are on top, it's difficult to come back. A team like the Netherlands, when they do the basics right, they do it so well they keep squeezing you. It's not easy to shift the momentum against them," the Proteas big hitter sounded concerned. Even if skipper Aiden Markram denied it affecting his side, the Dutch surely walk into the contest holding a certain stranglehold on the Proteas subconscious. Can they do it again? Or is this South African team really different, as is made out at the beginning of almost every World Cup.

19:42 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Playing XI

Netherlands: Michael Levitt, Max ODowd, Vikramjit Singh, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Scott Edwards(w/c), Bas de Leede, Teja Nidamanuru, Logan van Beek, Tim Pringle, Paul van Meekeren, Vivian Kingma

South Africa: Quinton de Kock(w), Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram(c), Tristan Stubbs, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Ottneil Baartman

19:36 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Captains on the mic

Aiden Markram: We're going to bowl. Seeing a few games on this wicket, ideally want to have a first crack on it. The wicket looks slightly different to be honest. But overall, not expecting it to be a belter. We've seen in the WC alone, can't take any team lightly. It's a big game for us. Same team.

Scott Edwards: Yes it's probably something that comes up (record against SA). We take a lot of confidence from the games we have won against similar guys. We played a pretty good game the other day. Our bowlers were awesome and the batters got it done. Same side.

19:34 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Toss

South Africa captain Aiden Markram wins the toss and elects to field first.

19:29 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch report

We have a fresh pitch for today's game. There's a strong breeze blowing across. 70 meters on one side, 66 on the other, and 72 meters down the ground. It's been a change of strategy - they've definitely taken more grass off. I think this will play better and I think they're using this for the India-Pakistan game as well, reckons Shaun Pollock.

19:19 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Predicted XI

Netherlands: Michael Levitt, Max O'Dowd, Vikramjit Singh, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Scott Edwards (capt), Bas de Leede, Teja Nidamanuru, Logan van Beek, Tim Pringle, Paul van Meekeren, Vivian Kingma

South Africa: Quinton de Kock, Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram (capt), Tristan Stubbs, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Ottneil Baartman

19:17 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pre-match chatter

Max O'Dowd, Netherlands: "It probably comes down to consistency; consistency in games, consistency in the way we play, the way we train and always just trying to get better. As cliche as it sounds, that's what it's really all about. Our aim is to become - from where we are now, a good team - a great team. There's many little things that we need to do, whether that's fitness, whether that's extra fielding, extra batting, whatever it looks like. It's just about putting in the work."

Heinrich Klaasen, South Africa: "The moment they get on top of you they become a difficult beast. When other teams are on top, it's difficult to come back. A team like the Netherlands, when they do the basics right, they do it so well they keep squeezing you. It's not easy to shift the momentum against them."

19:13 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: How Pant nosed ahead of Samson

The other day at New York, when India was chasing a tricky total, Rishabh Pant came up with a ridiculous reverse lap on a diabolical pitch of uneven bounce. Rohit would have smirked. He would have been happy to see that the horrific car accident hadn’t changed that priceless trait in the player he had backed. The audacity was still there in the big heart of the little rebel. His body might have been damaged, left scars on him but his batting soul had come out unscathed. (Read Sandeep Dwivedi's sports newsletter for this week)

19:10 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Elsewhere at the T20 WC

Riding on outstanding spells from Fazalhaq Farooqi (4/17), Rashid Khan (4/17) and Mohammad Nabi (2/16), Afghanistan thrashed New Zealand by 84 runs to register their first-ever win over the Blackcaps.

Glenn Phillips (18) and Matt Henry (12) remained the only two Kiwis, who crossed the double figures. If it was Farooqi, who started the mayhem with the new ball, picking up three wickets in the powerplay, then it was Rashid and Nabi, who weaved their magic against a clueless and rusty New Zealand to help Afghanistan register an emphatic triumph. (HIGHLIGHTS HERE)

19:06 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Grass on NY pitch to be pushed in

With the Nassau Stadium pitches recently coming under fire for uneven bounce which resulted in India skipper Rohit Sharma retiring hurt in the match against Ireland, the governing body dismissed the claims that the marquee clash between arch-rivals India and Pakistan on June 9 will be shifted from the venue, according to a report by Times London. However, the organisers admitted the problems with the playing surface and assured that remedial work was taking place before Sunday’s match. (READ MORE)

19:02 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: How the Dutch COOKed SA?

Last year in Dharamsala, Netherlands pulled off one of the biggest upsets in ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup history, as they brought down the high-flying South Africa.

Overseeing the result was coach Ryan Cook, who did not have the greatest of starts for his stint. But after initial turbulence, things steadied. 

For Cook, it all started in 2013, when he travelled to India as an assistant coach of the South Africa U-19 team. He wrote to Kirsten, trying to understand the conditions in India. “He wrote me a big mail. Explained all the venues, and conditions beautifully. There was a very minute detail in it,” Cook had told The Indian Express ahead of their World Cup campaign. (Read Pratyush Raj's chat with the Dutch head coach)

18:52 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: A love letter to Kohli, from Pakistan

Virat Kohli is yet to play a single game in Pakistan. The only time he played there was in 2006 with India’s U-19 side. India stopped its cricketing ties with Pakistan after the 2008 Mumbai attacks and Kohli has featured in just a handful of internationals against them — 16 ODIs and 10 T20Is. Despite that, Virat Kohli has a massive fan following in Pakistan.

“The day Virat plays in Lahore, Karachi, Rawalpindi or in Multan, only then you guys will understand his craze in Pakistan,” former Pakistan captain Azhar Ali tells The Indian Express. (READ Pratyush Raj's feature on the man who will be at the centre of the big game on Sunday)

18:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: What's with the New York pitch?

Unusual protagonists have entered a T20 narrative; pitch, uneven bounce, seam, swing, fast bowlers, rib cage. It is as though India and Pakistan are resuming their Test ties in New York this Sunday, when they meet in the showpiece game of the World Cup. Only that the arch rivals are locked in peculiar circumstances, something the T20 world has seldom come across.

At the heart of the intrigue are the drop-in pitches that have been far from ideal for a T20 game or a tournament that is seen as cricket’s grand pitch to enter the US market. Largely untested because of the delay in laying them – thanks to the organisational ineptitude of the ICC and USA cricket board – they have been dangerously unpredictable so far. (READ Sandip G's analysis of the pitch that's been the talk of the cricket town this summer)

18:39 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Squads

South Africa: Aiden Markram (c), Ottniel Baartman, Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock, Bjorn Fortuin, Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, David Miller, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Ryan Rickelton, Tabraiz Shamsi, Tristan Stubbs

Netherlands: Scott Edwards (c), Aryan Dutt, Bas de Leede, Kyle Klein, Logan van Beek, Max O’Dowd, Michael Levitt, Paul van Meekeren, Ryan Klein, Saqib Zulfiqar, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Teja Nidamanuru, Tim Pringle, Vikram Singh, Viv Kingma, Wesley Barresi. Travelling reserve: Ryan Klein.

18:32 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Proteas pacers take the cake vs SL

The ball bounced and seamed. It also stopped and skidded. Neither Sri Lankan nor South African batsmen came to terms with the drop-in surface, but the Proteas eventually got past the 78-run target in the 17th over.

Among the usual South African names that starred – like Marco Jansen who bowled a hellish first over where the ball kicked past the bat a few times, Anrich Nortje who hassled with pace and bounce allying them with his yorkers, and a steady Rabada who didn’t have to extend himself much but hit varied lengths – it was Baartman who sparkled in his first two overs. (READ Sriram Veera's report)

18:21 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: 2022 & 2023, Dutch choke SA out on world stage

Adelaide, 2022: Netherlands knocked South Africa out of the T20 World Cup with a stunning 13-run win as the Proteas yet again chocked in a big ICC tournament, on Sunday. Netherlands dished out a collective batting effort to post a decent 158 for four after being invited to bat and then restricted the Proteas to 145 for eight for their biggest victory in world cricket. It was Dutch side’s first win against South Africa across any format. (HIGHLIGHTS)

Dharamsala, 2023: The Dutch stunned the Proteas by 38 runs in a truncated ICC World Cup match on Tuesday at Dharamsala. Batting first, the Dutch had scored 245 for eight. The match began late owing to inclement weather, and when the game finally started, it was reduced to a 43-over-a-side contest. (HIGHLIGHTS)

18:12 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Netherlands vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Welcome

Again? Netherlands take on South Africa for a third in a row at a World Cup. And if the last two are anything to take into account - rhetoric - it's got to be South Africa who ask: why? Netherlands have emerged victorious in T20 (2022) and ODI (2023) world tournaments and the Proteas have a point to prove. Both teams began their tournament on a winning note in what has been touted as the group of death. While South Africa bested Sri Lanka on 'that' New York wicket in a low-scoring encounter while the Dutch prevailed against Nepal in Dallas. 

Can Scott Edwards and Co pull it off again? Or is it about time we don't surprise ourselves with that question and a possible outcome off it? Hold that in the heads as we take you through this one. 

Netherlands vs South Africa squads

NED vs SA Live Streaming Details: Netherlands take on South Africa in New York. (AP)

Netherlands: Scott Edwards (c), Aryan Dutt, Bas de Leede, Kyle Klein, Logan van Beek, Max O’Dowd, Michael Levitt, Paul van Meekeren, Ryan Klein, Saqib Zulfiqar, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Teja Nidamanuru, Tim Pringle, Vikram Singh, Viv Kingma, Wesley Barresi. Travelling reserve: Ryan Klein.

South Africa: Aiden Markram (c), Ottniel Baartman, Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock, Bjorn Fortuin, Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, David Miller, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Ryan Rickelton, Tabraiz Shamsi, Tristan Stubbs.

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 08-06-2024 at 18:04 IST
TAGS:
Cricket Live Score
Icc T20 World Cup
Live Score
Live Score Cricket
Netherlands Cricket
South Africa Cricket
T20 World Cup 2024
World Cup Live Score
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Bank Holidays In January 2025: A Complete State-Wise List
Marco Leaked On Piracy Websites: Unni Mukundan Pleads With Fans To Watch Malayalam Hit In Theatres, Says He’s Feeling ‘Helpless’
Japanese Tourist Breaks Down Over ‘Loud’ Honks, Music In India: ‘They Are Relentless’
Daily Briefing: One For The Farmers
Jammu And Kashmir: 3 Found Dead In Guest House In Bhaderwah, Police Suspect Asphyxiation
Gold Rate Today, 2 January: Check 18, 22, 24 Carat Gold Prices In All Major Cities
Bag With Jewellery Worth Rs 15 Lakh Stolen From Delhi’s Karol Bagh Metro Station; 2 Arrested
PM Narendra Modi Congratulates Diljit Dosanjh On Success Of Dil-Luminati Tour: ‘You Are Winning Everyone’s Hearts’
As Winter Deepens, IMD Issues Cold Wave, Dense Fog Alerts Across North India
Chandigarh Resident Held For ‘Committing Illegal Activities At De-Addiction Centres’
JEE Main 2025 January Session Exam Schedule Out, Check Paper 1, 2 Dates Here
Magnus Carlsen On Allegations Against Him: ‘Not Trying To Influence FIDE… Was A Bad Joke Given Gravity Of Situation’
Chandigarh Extends LOI To Kolkata Firm, Gives Time To Deposit Money Till January 21
Man Killed In Central Delhi’s Bapa Nagar By Minor Tenants, Their Friend; All Apprehended
An Aspiring Nurse, Football Star, Single Mother And Father Of 2 Killed In New Orleans Attack
Sukhu Relinquishes Power Subsidy, Urges Well-Off Consumers To Follow Suit
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/netherlands-vs-south-africa-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-16-today-ned-vs-sa-latest-scorecard-updates-9379415/ 
 ----- 
