Cirium
Toggle Menu
Toggle Search
World Aviation Festival 2024

8-10 October 2024 | The Rai, Amsterdam

EVENT INFO

Shining the spotlight on: Cirium Sky

A revolutionary platform that provides unparalleled access to advanced aviation intelligence and data. With Cirium Sky, organizations can:

Improve operational efficiency by analyzing data to optimize turnaround and block times, as well as on-time performance.
Mitigate disruptions by utilizing a live feed of flight positions for proactive management.
Enhance airport capacity planning, resource allocation, and environmental impact analysis.
Detect airspace delays and monitor the status of flights in real-time.

Cirium Sky seamlessly integrates with existing business intelligence tools, allowing organizations to consume and analyze data effortlessly for business-wide insights. It is the ultimate single source of data and analytics to drive well-informed decisions, improve efficiency, and deliver exceptional customer experiences!

MEET THE TEAM AT THE WORLD AVIATION FESTIVAL TO FIND OUT MORE
The right way to shape your digital transformation

Cirium’s Andrew Shanks, VP of Cirium Sky writes about how airlines and airports can shape digital transformation by understanding the value of the operations analytics teams.

READ MORE
Sessions
Panel: How can we harness AI to improve operational efficiency and strategic decision-making?

9th October 2024 at 15:10 – 15:55 CEST

How does the integration of AI into existing operational frameworks and systems enhance efficiency and streamline operations.

Exploring best practices for identifying and addressing waste in aviation processes, through the use of AI-driven solutions.

Exploring how a user-centric approach can enhance the usability, acceptance, and effectiveness of AI driven systems among aviation stakeholders. Addressing the importance of transparency, accountability, and democracy with the use of AI across the industry.

Kevin Hightower
VP of Product, Cirium Ascend

Roundtable
Come chat with a real aviation AI assistant on 9th October at 11:20 CEST

Kevin Hightower
VP of Product
Cirium Ascend

Niha Shaikh
VP of Product
Journey

Curious to see how a generative AI assistant can derive insights in aviation data and analytics? Join us for an interactive session exploring the practical applications of generative AI with a focus on airline and airport operational performance.

BOOK YOUR SLOT NOW VIA THE WAF EVENT APP
Set up a meeting with the Cirium team at World Aviation Festival 2024
CONTACT US

Rhys Merrifield
Key Account Manager

Lynsey Lowe
Key Account Manager

Mila Assad
Key Account Manager

Niha Shaikh
VP of Product, Journey

Andrew Shanks
VP of Product, Sky

Find out more about World Aviation Festival 2024

Find Cirium at Stand # 1.353
linkedin
 
weixin
 
youtube
SOLUTIONS
Schedules and routes data
Diio Mi
Fleets and valuations data
Sustainability solutions
Aircraft Fleets Analyzer
Values Analyzer
Traveler Services
Cirium Sky
FlightStats
CONSULTING SERVICES
Ascend Consultancy
Pro data services
AVIATION DATA
Aviation Data Sets
Custom data services
Data quality
Data supply and partnerships
INDUSTRIES
Aviation finance
Aerospace
Airlines
Airports
ANSP
UTM providers
Corporate travel
Governments
Traveler services
ISVs / software developers
AVIATION RESOURCES
Thought Cloud
Aviation events and webinars
On-time performance
Research and reports
ABOUT CIRIUM
About
Careers
Contact us
Subscribe
Leadership
RELX
Cirium Japan 日本
Cirium Brazil
Cirium China 中国
Cirium Korea 한국
Cirium Latin America
Cirium® is part of LexisNexis® Risk Solutions, a RELX business.
Disclaimer
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie settings | Your privacy choices 
Cookies
Fair processing notice
Security
Copyright © 2024 LexisNexis Risk Solutions
Cookies
We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience.
For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
COOKIE SETTINGS ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cirium.com/resources/aviation-industry-events/world-aviation-festival-2024/ 
 ----- 
