home
Search

CONFERENCE

Tobii at InCabin Europe
October 8, 2024
Palau de Congressos de Barcelona Av. de la Reina Maria Cristina, Barcelona, Spain
EVENT HAS EXPIRED
EVENT DETAILS

October 8, 2024

Palau de Congressos de Barcelona Av. de la Reina Maria Cristina, Barcelona, Spain

Physical

October 8-10, 2024

Event period

Visit us

Booth #100

Speaker session

October 9th, 11:40am CEST

Website

https://incabin.com/europe/

In the beginning of 2024, Tobii acquired DTS AutoSense from Xperi Inc. Tobii now offers both driver and occupant monitoring centric solutions, with the ambition to raise the bar for the interior sensing market.
Event details

Join us at InCabin Europe to learn more about our offerings designed to create a safer, more intuitive, and comfortable in-cabin experience for everyone in the car.

No matter if your challenge is to meet regulation, or implement features that offer unique, more comfortable, and intuitive in-cabin experiences. Our team would love to learn about your needs and discuss how we can support you.

Visit us at Booth #100 to see our solutions in action.
Discover our leading solutions for Interior Sensing
In the Tobii Autosense demo car — a BMW X5 — you can explore our interior sensing solutions:

NFoV safety-centric solution: (DMS)

WFvO rearview mirror single-camera solution that combines safety with experience
(DMS + OMS)

Book a meeting with us to secure a seat in the demo car!
Speaker sessions
Innovation unleashed: From attention to intelligence
Speaker: Adrian Capata, Senior Vice President Autosense, Tobii

Time:  Wednesday, October 9th, 11:40am CEST

Location: Auditorium Palau de Congressos

Panel Discussion: How do we use DMS to Improve the in-cabin HMI experience?
Guest speaker: Adrian Capata, Senior Vice President Autosense, Tobii

Time:  Wednesday, October 9th, 5:45pm CEST

Location: Stage 1

Panel Discussion: Luxury in the digital age: Should your car be your health hub?
Guest speaker: Bogdan Petcu, Director of Product Management, Tobii

Time:  Thursday, October 10th, 11:50am CEST

Location: Room 5

Visit InCabin Europe 2024 to learn more about the talks and agenda.

EVENT TYPE
CONFERENCE
TAGGED PRODUCTS
WEARABLES
TOBII-AUTOSENSE
TAGGED SOLUTIONS
AUTOMOTIVE
SHARE
Speaker

Adrian Capata

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AUTOSENSE, TOBII

Adrian is the Senior Vice President for Autosense at Tobii – the company’s business segment focused on automotive interior sensing. Adrian has two decades of experience in the space of computer vision and edge AI. He led global technology development, product management, and customer engineering teams. He also developed a track record of deploying edge computer vision applications on consumer products such as smart cameras, smartphones, and smart cars. In addition, Adrian has over 40 granted and published US patents in computer vision and computational imaging. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Imaging & Artificial Intelligence and his Master’s degree in Biomedical Engineering from the Politehnica University of Bucharest.

SHOW MORE

Bogdan Petcu

DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT, TOBII

An accomplished technology professional with 10 years of experience in building successful imaging products, Bogdan's is the Director of Product Management at Tobii, driving innovation in the in-cabin sensing space for Tobii. His career began in engineering, and he has since worked at Xperi, leading the mobile imaging group and overseeing the development of innovative imaging products, reachingmillions of devices globally. Bogdan holds a bachelor’s degree in computer science and a Master's degree in Image Processing. Outside of his professional endeavors, he enjoys street photography, motorcycle riding, and spending time on the mountain hiking, biking, or snowboarding.

SHOW MORE
Talk to our experts

Sign up to demo our products and talk to our experts about our automotive interior sensing solutions.

Home
Events
TOBII CORPORATE
I'M INTERESTED IN
This is Tobii
Solutions
Products
Resource center
Upcoming events
Our partner network
Support and help center
Contact
TOBII
Investors
The Tobii Blog
Tobii Gaming
Tobii Newsroom
Data transparency
Work at Tobii
Developer zone
Sustainability
CONNECT WITH US
CONTACT
Tobii on Facebook
Tobii on Linkedin
Tobii on Instagram
Tobii on Twitter
Tobii on Youtube
Privacy policyTerms of use
Copyright © 2001-2024 Tobii • All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tobii.com/events/tobii-at-incabin-europe 
 ----- 
