SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
MOHAMED SALAH HELPS EGYPT TO VICTORY AS TUNISIA STUNNED BY COMOROS
Mohamed Salah helps Egypt to victory as Tunisia stunned by Comoros
Reuters,
11.10.2024 22:04
Salah (R) was on target for Egypt
Mohamed Hossam / EPA / Profimedia
Mohamed Salah (32) was on target to help Egypt maintain their 100% record in 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying with a comfortable 2-0 home win over Mauritania, but Tunisia slipped to a shock 1-0 home defeat to Comoros in their fixture on Friday.

Salah added to an opener from Trezeguet in Cairo as Egypt toiled for almost 70 minutes before they broke down the Mauritania defence to move six points clear at the top of Group C at the midway point of the qualifiers.

Tunisia were heavy favourites after starting their campaign with two wins, but despite 15 goal attempts fell to a lone strike from Rafiki Said just past the hour mark.

Match stats
Flashscore

It was Tunisia's first home defeat in Cup of Nations qualifiers since 2010 but they remain on top of Group A with six points from three games. Comoros are behind them on five points.

The top two teams in each pool advance to the 24-team finals in Morocco next year.

Nigeria needed a late goal to seal a 1-0 home win over Libya as German-born midfielder Fisayo Dele-Bashiru netted four minutes from the end to spare the blushes of the 2023 finalists.

It was an important win for Nigeria who top Group D and are five points ahead of third-placed Rwanda with three games remaining.

Nigeria are in a strong position
Flashscore

Ivory Coast brushed aside Sierra Leone 4-1 in San Pedro as Franck Kessie scored a brace, both netting and missing a penalty. Nicolas Pepe was also on target as they made it three wins from three.

Sadio Mane and Nicolas Jackson were both on the scoresheet for Senegal as they beat 10-man Malawi 4-0 in Diamniadio. Senegal and Burkina Faso are each on seven points at the top of the pool and are favourites to qualify.

Mbeumo on target

Cameroon eased to a 4-1 victory over Kenya as Bryan Mbeumo took his Premier League form with Brentford onto the international stage with a goal, to go with a penalty from Vincent Aboubakar, a first international strike for Martin Hongla and a goal from Christian Bassogog.

South Africa recorded the joint second-biggest win in their history as they thumped Congo 5-0 in Gqeberha to continue their good form under coach Hugo Broos. Victory over the same opponents in Brazzaville on Tuesday will see them qualify.

Teboho Mokoena netted a brace to go with goals from Bathusi Aubaas, Lyle Foster and Iqraam Rayners.

Bevis Mugabi scored the only goal as group leaders Uganda beat South Sudan 1-0 in the other fixture in the pool.

Uganda look well set to secure qualification
Flashscore

There were also wins for Equatorial Guinea, Benin, Angola and Mali, but Avram Grant’s Zambia were held to a surprise 0-0 draw at home by Chad that leaves them in second place with four points from a possible nine in their pool.

MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
Nigeria
Kenya
African football
Mohamed Salah
Bryan Mbeumo
Nicolas Jackson
Franck Kessie
Nicolas Pepe
Sadio Mane
Vincent Aboubakar
Tunisia
Comoros
Egypt
Mauritania
Nigeria
Senegal
Libya
Cameroon
Ivory Coast
Kenya
Related Articles
Ghana held by Sudan as Algeria march on in Cup of Nations qualifiers
11.10.2024 08:34
Nigeria vs Libya: Where the AFCON qualifier will be won and lost
10.10.2024 19:55
When is the AFCON qualifier between Nigeria and Libya and how can you watch?
10.10.2024 09:29
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
6 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
7 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
7 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
9 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
9 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
10 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
10 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
13 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
13 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
13 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-mohamed-salah-helps-egypt-to-victory-as-tunisia-stunned-by-comoros/zeTxhuqB/ 
 ----- 
