Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
After post-clinch malaise, Crew facing uphill climb to 1st-round bye
Share
After post-clinch malaise, Crew facing uphill climb to 1st-round bye
September 22nd, 2024

Adam McCalvy

@AdamMcCalvy
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- Not even an ejection, a highlight-reel catch and a surprisingly early dip into the D-backs' bullpen could shake the Brewers out of their post-clinch malaise.

In the sixth inning of a 5-0 loss to the D-backs, Brewers manager Pat Murphy earned the ejection, walking all the way out to home plate so he could share his displeasure with umpire Chris Segal’s strike zone.

Milwaukee shortstop Willy Adames made the catch, an over-the-shoulder snag that brought the crowd of 35,068 to life at American Family Field. And Arizona made the unexpected pitching change, lifting starter Merrill Kelly after five scoreless, dominant innings when he appeared uncomfortable warming up for the bottom of the sixth with what was later called right calf cramping.

None of it managed to stir the Brewers’ offense, which was next to nonexistent in a third consecutive loss to the D-backs -- a potential foe in the NL Wild Card Series.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“Frustration,” said Brewers starter Aaron Civale, “was the word of the day.”

It’s been the word every day since the Brewers celebrated winning the NL Central on Wednesday night. There have been only 25 games in franchise history in which Milwaukee’s hitters reached safely two times or fewer, and two of those games have taken place in the three days since the clinch.

“The bottom line is we’re going to have to start recapturing the stuff that made us great,” Murphy said. “They’re not stupid. They know that. We have to capture the things, the energy, the individual pitch, that keeps us connected to each at-bat. And then that leads to a big inning. We have to go back to that.”

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

3:35 AM UTC

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Bauers returns to Crew on make-good deal

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Said center fielder Garrett Mitchell: “I don’t think we’re looking super deep into it. We’re not trying to go out and not try to do stuff. It’s part of the game sometimes. As far as concern, I don’t think there’s any concern on our part.”

In Thursday’s 5-1 loss to Arizona’s Brandon Pfaadt, the Brewers had no walks and two hits, including a Mitchell homer. And on Saturday, with All-Star catcher William Contreras resting with minor finger and hip discomfort and rookie Jackson Chourio out of the lineup after rolling his ankle the night before, the Brewers had no walks and two hits. They were both singles from Joey Ortiz and Sal Frelick to start what became a scoreless third -- the only inning in which Milwaukee hitters didn’t go down in order.

Even when the Brewers scored four runs on Friday, their scoring was limited to one inning. Ortiz, William Contreras and Mitchell all homered in Milwaukee’s four-run fifth for a 4-4 tie, only to see Arizona go back in front with a homer leading off the sixth.

"You have to give them credit. [Kelly] mowed through us pretty easily,” Murphy said. “I’m not going to yell at my team because we had a bad offensive night. It’s tough to hit. And when a guy’s pitching on the edges who’s experienced, that’s the way it is. …

“The Diamondbacks have a lot to play for. We do, too, but it’s hard to permeate what they know to be reality.”

The reality, Murphy acknowledged, is that the Brewers’ chances to catch the Phillies and Dodgers for one of the NL’s top two seeds -- and a bye into the second round of the playoffs -- are slim. After the Dodgers' 6-3 loss to Colorado on Saturday night, the Brewers are four games behind the Dodgers and Phillies with only seven games to play.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Instead, the Brewers are likely to land in the NL Wild Card Series, a best-of-three from Oct. 1-2 (and Oct. 3, if necessary) at home against the NL’s lowest-seeded Wild Card.

So, while the D-backs deployed their top relievers in order behind Kelly, the Brewers operated by something of a script. They have set up a schedule to get their top relievers the right amount of work to be rested and sharp for the postseason. That’s why setup man Trevor Megill pitched the seventh inning Saturday with the Brewers in a 3-0 deficit.

“Are we trying to win? Absolutely,” Murphy said. “Believe me, if you felt my guts right now, it’s the same as any other loss, but they know the reality that we’d have a mountain to climb to [get a bye].”

The Brewers are the only team in the Majors yet to lose four in a row this season, and they’ll have to win Sunday’s series finale against Arizona to avoid letting that status slip away so close to the finish line.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

Supervising Club Reporter Adam McCalvy has covered the Brewers for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brewers-drop-third-straight-game-to-d-backs 
 ----- 
