Skip to content
26°
Springfield, MO
News
Weather
Sports
Ozarks Sports Zone
On Your Side
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
6 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
José Ramírez homers and drives in a pair, Ben Lively goes 5 innings, and Guardians top Cardinals
St. Louis Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol watches from the dugout during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in St. Louis. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)(Jeff Roberson | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 21, 2024 at 3:49 AM UTC

ST. LOUIS (AP) — José Ramírez had three hits including his 36th home run, drove in two and stole his 40th base as the Cleveland Guardians beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-1 on Friday night to move closer to the AL Central crown.

“When you watch him play, it’s OK, this guy wants to play, he wants to be the best,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said of Ramírez. “Nothing he does will ever surprise me. He’s capable of great things.”

Ramírez has more goals this season.

“It feels good, but obviously it’s going to feel a lot better if I’m able to hit four more homers for the 40/40,” he said through an interpreter.

Ben Lively (13-9) pitched five innings, allowing just one earned run and three hits while striking out two and walking one. It was his third consecutive start of allowing fewer than two runs.

“A couple times in the past, I’ve kind of chilled out a little bit, thinking I’ve got it figured out a little bit, and bad things happened,” Lively said. “You know what you’re doing, (so) keep going. I’ve got plenty of time in the offseason to think about it.”

Erik Sabrowski gave up two hits in 2 1/3 innings for the first save of his professional career.

Andrés Giménez and Lane Thomas added solo home runs for the Guardians. Thomas, who began his career in St. Louis, hit his first homer at Busch Stadium since Sept. 10, 2020.

The Guardians magic number for the division is now one. The Cardinals’ loss and the Arizona Diamondbacks victory over the Milwaukee Brewers officially eliminated St. Louis from postseason contention for the second consecutive season.

Cardinals starter Kyle Gibson (8-8) allowed four runs (three earned) in six innings. He struck out two and walked three, allowing multiple home runs for just the fifth time in 29 starts.

“Felt really good, (but) we’d like to have two pitches back,” Gibson said.

“Especially against this lineup, I feel like (Gibson) actually navigated it well,” Cardinals manager Oli Marmol said. “You’ve got a ton of lefties in there, a lot of guys that make contact, they’re in the air quite a bit, they don’t swing and miss. He gave us a shot.”

Lars Nootbaar had two hits for the Cardinals, including a popup double to shallow left field in the fourth inning to drive in St. Louis’ run. Thomas Saggese had two hits in his first career start at third base. His fourth-inning throwing error allowed Bo Naylor to advance to second base on a single and score on an RBI base hit by Daniel Schneemann.

The Guardians, who locked up a playoff spot on Thursday at home, will clinch the AL Central with one more win or one more loss by the Kansas City Royals.

“(Clinching at home) was really fun, and we should enjoy it, but that doesn’t mean the work stops,” Vogt said. “We have to continue to push all the way through to the end.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: Marmol said the Cardinals are still evaluating how the team will align its pitching rotation over its final eight games of the regular season. RHP Sonny Gray described pitching through undisclosed “lingering things” following his most recent start on Sept. 18.

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (right middle finger blister) is “building up volume” before pitching in a game, Vogt said. OF Steven Kwan (mid-back irritation) is eligible to come off the injured list on Tuesday, and Vogt said the team is “targeting” that day for his activation. “Obviously we don’t know what’s going to happen between now and then, but his progression is going well. He’s feeling better every day,” Vogt said. RHP Carlos Carrasco cleared waivers and accepted an outright assignment to Triple-A Columbus.

UP NEXT

Miles Mikolas (8-11, 5.49) starts for St. Louis in the second game of the series, opposed by Cleveland LHP Matthew Boyd (2-1, 2.52). Mikolas is trying to avoid becoming the first Cardinals pitcher since Kip Wells in 2007 to pitch at least 150 innings with an ERA of 5.50 or higher.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.

Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.

Snow-packed roads across the Ozarks face drivers on their Friday...
Douglas County, Mo. employees receive much-needed pay raises aft...
Cruise Travel | Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For...
Winter storm plods into Deep South, prompting states of emergency and...
How snow days and AMI days are shaping school closures across the...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Here's What You Should Pay for a Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
sherum
|
Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surp...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
|
Sponsored
Cinnamon recipe to lower blood sugar overnight (try it...
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
Why North Charleston Uses These VoIP (See)
answerwizardy.com
|
Sponsored
7 Benefits Of VoIP Phone Systems For Small Businesses
traveltrendstoday
|
Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Many Senior Citizens Are Unaware Of Age-related Car...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the...
Seniors Car Insurance For You
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Hyundai's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Latest News
Behind the scene playoff drama
 Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
O-Zone: SPS AD Josh Scott talks new additions to Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Link Academy HC Chad Myers talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Central HC Jordan Epps talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Parkview HC Jack Simpson talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
Jets interview Chiefs' Nagy and Borgonzi and Eagles' Halaby for vacancies
News
Weather
Sports
About KY3
KY3
999 West Sunshine Street
Springfield, MO 65807
(417) 268-3000
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File
publicfile@ky3.com - (417) 268-3000
FCC Applications
Advertising
Closed Captioning or Audio Description
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ky3.com/2024/09/21/jos-ramrez-homers-drives-pair-ben-lively-goes-5-innings-guardians-top-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
