Free Press Journal
e-Paper
Get App
HOME
MUMBAI NEWS
FPJ SHORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
GAMES
FEATURES
INDIA
SPORTS
VIRAL
EDUCATION
Home
Sports
IRE vs IND: Jasprit Bumrah's Fitness Will Be The Cynosure Of Ireland Series For Team India
IRE vs IND: Jasprit Bumrah's Fitness Will Be The Cynosure Of Ireland Series For Team India
Whether the Indian pace spearhead will be able to bowl his full quota of overs and at full throttle will be the key aspects to watch.
Haridev PushparajUpdated: Wednesday, August 16, 2023, 08:20 PM IST
Jasprit Bumrah | Photo: AFP

With the Ireland T20I series almost here, Indian cricket watchers would be keenly watching how Jasprit Bumrah shapes up on the tour.

The Indian pace spearhead, who has been out of action since September 2022, will be the cynosure as he leads the team against the Irishmen.

The Ahmedabad-born Bumrah will be the key factor in determining India's fortunes at the Asia Cup and will hold all the aces at the ODI World Cup in October-November.

With the significance he holds in India's campaign going ahead, the comeback man's workload will be closely watched and assessed by the team management and selectors.

FPJ Shorts
Dense Fog Engulfs Delhi: Flights, Trains Delayed; Air Quality Remains Poor
Uyi Amma: Rasha Thadani Impresses With Sizzling Desi Moves In Azaad Song, Netizens Call Her 'Katrina Kaif From Chikni Chameli' (VIDEO)
Kerala Shocker: 2 Ex-Armymen Arrested After 19 Years For Killing Woman & Her Twins Over Paternity Dispute
Mumbai Queer Pride Month 2025: A Calendar Of Events Celebrating Diversity And Advocating Equality
Read Also
WATCH: Jasprit Bumrah Troubles Team India Batter's In The Nets With His Speed Ahead Of Ireland T20Is

Can Bumrah bowl the full quota?

The first thing to watch out will be if Bumrah can bowl his full quota of four overs. This will be the first barometer to measure how well the Mumbai Indians pacer has recovered and where his fitness stands in a real match scenario.

Will he use himself in short bursts of two spells in the powerplay and in the death overs or will he go full throttle at the start of the innings.

Or will he even bowl the full quota at all considering he is on a comeback and may decide on it after bowling the first or second over.

All these aspects will be crucial on getting a sense of where Bumrah stands on his recovery path ahead of the Asia Cup and the World Cup.

Let us know! 👂
What type of content would you like to see from us this year?

— HubSpot (@HubSpot)
Read Also
'Ireland Here We Come': Jasprit Bumrah-Led Team India Leaves For T20I Tour In Dublin

Will he be the old Bumrah?

The other interesting aspect to watch would be how well Bumrah bowls and if he is bowling at full tilt like the Jasprit Bumrah of the old. Those toe-crushing yorkers and unplayable bouncers and incisive good length deliveries will be scrutinised in detail as the man makes his way back in the team.

It is imperative that Bumrah by the time the World Cup comes around is supremely fit and well-oiled and bowling at his best. This is what India needs from him and without that the bowler would be a liability in the team.

There is no point playing on the basis of reputation if the bowler is not able to put in his best at crucial situations in crunch Asia Cup and World Cup games.

Read Also
'Sharm Kar Le Bumrah Bolkar Tumne Mera Meme Banaya': Team India Fans Excited As Fast Bowler Set For...
View this post on Instagram

A post shared by The Free Press Journal (@freepressjournal)

Experience

Bumrah's experience and know how on how to bowl against top ODI teams like Pakistan, Australia and England will count in the long run.

And it is this experience that will help the team's cause come the Asia Cup and the World Cup where dealing with some of the top batsmen in the world will require the experience and maturity of a bowler of Bumrah's calibre.

It is in India's best interests that they watch Bumrah's comeback closely and monitor his progress in detail so as to use him at his best. Anything less would be unfair to Bumrah and Team India.

Read Also
Fit-Again Jasprit Bumrah Returns To Team India, Named Captain For 3-Match T20I Series In Ireland

Follow us on
RECENT STORIES
AUS vs IND, 5th Test, Day 3 Live: Beau Webster & Usman Khawaja Play Crucial Knocks To Help Australia...
Jordan Murray and Muhammad Uvais Last-Minute Goals Propel Jamshedpur FC To A Thrilling Victory Over...
ISL 2024-25: Depleted Punjab FC Aim For League Double Over Kerala Blasters
ISL: Bryson Fernandes Second Successive Brace Helped FC Goa To Stun Odisha FC By 3-2
Ryan Rickelton Creates History, Becomes First South African Test Opener To Score 250 At Home
Free Press Journal
Analysis
City News
Mumbai News
Indore News
Bhopal News
Delhi News
Education
Entertainment News
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Movie Reviews
Movie Trailers
Regional Film News
Television News
BrandSutra
Corporate Gallery
FPJ initiative
Horoscope
Legal
Science
Spirituality
Sports
Cricket News
Footall
Lifestyle
Health
Travel
Food
Top News
Photo Gallery
Tech News
Videos
Viral News
Weekend News
Press Release
About Us
Editorial Policy
Careers
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
RSS
© The Free Press Journal
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.freepressjournal.in/sports/ire-vs-ind-jasprit-bumrahs-fitness-will-be-the-cynosure-of-ireland-series-for-team-india 
 ----- 
