Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESHBH vs SYS - TossWEL vs NK - LiveBRH vs MLS - PreviewNZ vs SL - PreviewRGR vs SYST - RGR Won
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
Australia vs India
4th Test
Australia vs India
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
Pakistan vs South Africa
1st Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
2nd T20I
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
3rd T20I
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
1st Test
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
BBL 2024-25
Sydney Thunder vs Melbourne Renegades
16th Match
Adelaide Strikers vs Perth Scorchers
17th Match
Hobart Hurricanes vs Sydney Sixers
18th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Melbourne Stars
19th Match
Melbourne Renegades vs Adelaide Strikers
20th Match
BPL, 2024-25
Durbar Rajshahi vs Fortune Barishal
1st Match
Rangpur Riders vs Dhaka Capitals
2nd Match
Khulna Tigers vs Chittagong Kings
3rd Match
Rangpur Riders vs Sylhet Strikers
4th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Dhaka Capitals
5th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Rangpur Riders
6th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Otago vs Central Districts
4th Match
Wellington vs Northern Knights  LIVE
5th Match
Auckland vs Canterbury
6th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Chandigarh vs Uttar Pradesh
Round 5, Group D
Tamil Nadu vs Vidarbha
Round 5, Group D
Jammu and Kashmir vs Mizoram
Round 5, Group D
Meghalaya vs Andhra
Round 5, Group B
Sikkim vs Maharashtra
Round 5, Group B
Uttarakhand vs Haryana
Round 5, Group A
Karnataka vs Hyderabad
Round 5, Group C
Odisha vs Jharkhand
Round 5, Group A
Punjab vs Saurashtra
Round 5, Group C
Goa vs Assam
Round 5, Group A
Puducherry vs Arunachal Pradesh
Round 5, Group C
Baroda vs Bihar
Round 5, Group E
Mumbai vs Nagaland
Round 5, Group C
Delhi vs Tripura
Round 5, Group E
Manipur vs Gujarat
Round 5, Group A
Services vs Rajasthan
Round 5, Group B
Bengal vs Kerala
Round 5, Group E
Himachal Pradesh vs Railways
Round 5, Group B
Haryana vs Odisha
Round 6, Group A
Saurashtra vs Karnataka
Round 6, Group C
Goa vs Gujarat
Round 6, Group A
Mumbai vs Puducherry
Round 6, Group C
Assam vs Manipur
Round 6, Group A
Arunachal Pradesh vs Nagaland
Round 6, Group C
Kerala vs Tripura
Round 6, Group E
Jharkhand vs Uttarakhand
Round 6, Group A
Hyderabad vs Punjab
Round 6, Group C
Bengal vs Bihar
Round 6, Group E
Railways vs Rajasthan
Round 6, Group A
Baroda vs Madhya Pradesh
Round 6, Group E
Andhra vs Maharashtra
Round 6, Group B
Uttar Pradesh vs Vidarbha
Round 6, Group D
Meghalaya vs Sikkim
Round 6, Group A
Tamil Nadu vs Mizoram
Round 6, Group D
Himachal Pradesh vs Services
Round 6, Group A
Chhattisgarh vs Jammu and Kashmir
Round 6, Group D
T20 WORLD CUP, 2024
Bangladesh, Netherlands eye crucial points after South Africa setback
by  Cricbuzz Staff  •  Published on Wed, Jun 12, 2024, 01:04 PM
Share
	
Tweet
Both Bangladesh and the Netherlands are ruing missed opportunities against South Africa © AFP

Three full tosses. That's how many Keshav Maharaj bowled while defending 10 runs in the final over in New York. And had Bangladesh been able to put away even one of them, the Group D picture would have looked quite different from what it does now, with South Africa having qualified and the rest left to scrape their way to the next round.

No wonder Najmul Hossain Shanto, the Bangladesh captain, called it a match his side "should have won"; and while that chance went abegging, they have a crucial encounter coming up against the Netherlands, a side that also is on two points after two matches. So a win here for Bangladesh could go a long way in them joining South Africa in the Super 8s.

Netherlands are also in the same boat as Bangladesh when it comes to missed opportunities against South Africa. They had Aiden Markram's side on the mat at 12/4 but didn't quite have answers to David Miller's mature innings at the back end. However, Bangladesh in all their vulnerability are a more realistic hunt for the Netherlands in their campaign push for the second round.

Irrespective of who wins this clash, a result in this match will mean curtains for Sri Lanka.

When: 13 June, 2024 at 8:00 PM IST / 02:30 PM GMT / 10:30 AM LOCAL

Where: Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, St Vincent

What to expect: It's traditionally been a dry pitch and the proximity to the sea does play its part. But that said, this venue hasn't hosted any white-ball games - domestic or International - since the start of 2014, so there'll be a lot of unknown for the teams to contend with. The weather is set to be fair.

Teams Watch:

BANGLADESH

Shoriful Islam, who suffered a finger injury in the warm-up match against India, is expected to be available for this game. It will be interesting to see if he does come in for Tanzim Sakib, who had South Africa in a soup with the new ball the other day.

Tactics & Matchups: The lack of six-hitters in Bangladesh's middle order was evident in their loss against South Africa, more specifically in their inability to hit loose balls from Maharaj in the final over, and it's something that they would look to consciously improve upon. Lack of sixes isn't a new issue for Bangladesh though; since 2023, they have the second-worst balls per six ratio among participating teams in this World Cup.

Probable XI: Tanzid Hasan, Litton Das (wk), Najmul Hossain Shanto (c), Towhid Hridoy, Shakib Al Hasan, Jaker Ali, Mahmudullah, Rishad Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Tanzim Hasan Sakib, Mustafizur Rahman

NETHERLANDS

If the pitch is really dry, they might consider bringing in Aryan Dutt, who relishes bowling with the new ball.

Tactics & Matchups: Netherlands would want some runs from Scott Edwards, who's averaging under 14 across 10 T20Is this year. In some good throwback, he was the top-scorer for the Netherlands when they beat Bangladesh in the ODI World Cup last year.

Probable XI: Michael Levitt, Max O'Dowd, Vikramjit Singh, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Scott Edwards (c & wk), Bas de Leede, Teja Nidamanuru, Logan van Beek, Tim Pringle, Paul van Meekeren, Vivian Kingma

Did you know?

- Bangladesh have a 3-1 record against the Netherlands in T20Is, and have won both the faceoffs in T20 World Cups

- Towhid Hridoy is Bangladesh's leading run-getter in T20Is post the World Cup in 2022

- Since 2023, the Netherlands have hit a six every 20.6 deliveries as compared to Bangladesh, who have hit a six every 23.3 deliveries

What they said

"I think we are not only a strong enough team to go to the Super 8 but also we have the strength to play the final. I believe in that" - Towhid Hridoy.

"I think the nice thing for us as a unit is that we very internally focused so if we play our brand of cricket and attacking cricket, we think we can compete with anybody in the world" - Sybrand Engelbrecht.

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
Bangladesh Netherlands ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2024, 27th Match, Group D ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2024
RELATED STORIES
India's World Cup win wasn't a feeling, it was an emotion
Hurricane disrupts India's return after World Cup triumph in Barbados
The World Cup final that was there to be won... until it wasn't
We'd like to think we're one step closer: Markram
Jadeja retires from T20Is following India's World Cup win
Rohit Sharma in T20Is: Longevity, captaincy highs and the sixes summit
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Discussions set to take place with Rohit and Gambhir post BGT
12h ago
Abhishek-Prabhsimran record stand powers Punjab to massive win
14h ago
Allen, Connolly and bowlers extend Strikers' losing streak
16h ago
2024: The year of landmark overseas Test wins
22h ago
Zimbabwe thwart Afghanistan's victory push to hold on for draw
1d ago
Shamim Hossain credits AB de Villiers for change in batting approach
1d ago
More News
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you non-personalized ads. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policyOK
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
Privacy Preferences
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/130706/bangladesh-netherlands-eye-crucial-points-after-south-africa-setback 
 ----- 
