LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
OPINION
EDITORIAL
Desert storm: On the T20 Women’s World Cup 
Women’s cricket gets the spotlight as the T20 World Cup gets underway

Updated - October 04, 2024 09:53 am IST

READ LATER
PRINT

I
f West Asia is in the news as a conflict zone, the desert sands of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) may offer some relief over the next fortnight. The ICC T20 Women’s World Cup that commenced at Sharjah on Thursday (October 3, 2024) will oscillate between this venue and Dubai. Featuring 10 teams split into two groups of five each, the championship will conclude on October 20, 2024. The tournament was supposed to be held in Bangladesh, but the unrest of the previous months in Dhaka meant that though India’s eastern neighbour holds the hosting rights, the matches had to be shifted to the UAE. While Australia will step in with the swagger of a defending champion, having seized the cup after vanquishing host South Africa in the 2023 edition, India will walk in with the hope of finally claiming the trophy. In the 2020 final at Melbourne, India wilted against Australia. Cut to the present, Harmanpreet Kaur’s strong unit will clash against New Zealand at Dubai on Friday and a good first outing is essential. India has moved on from the era of Mithali Raj and Jhulan Goswami and those are massive shoes to fill, but Harmanpreet, Jemimah Rodrigues, Smriti Mandhana, and others have tried their best to chart a fresh path.

The tournament is also invested with a larger cause layered with gender sensitivity. While male players get accolades and commercial heft through cricket, female players have always fought for their rights. Even in the latest event, despite being pitted against each other as rivals, there is a sisterhood at play. Through interactions with the press, all the leading female players have sought more games and also more Tests. Often the women are resigned to playing just limited-overs cricket. While Mithali turned out in 232 ODIs and 89 T20Is, it is a travesty that she played only 12 Tests in a long career. Harmanpreet and company have often sought comfort in diverse franchise leagues but there is nothing like a solid bilateral contest to toughen up the stars. Having won the title on six occasions, Australia remains the behemoth. Alyssa Healy and her merry bunch will be the team that most squads, including old rival England, would want to knock off the pedestal. And for those keen on watching neighbourhood rivalry, India and Pakistan are placed in Group A and will face off on Sunday. Diplomatic tensions have ensured that the two nations compete against each other only in global events.

Published - October 04, 2024 12:15 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20 World Cup / ICC World Cup

Most Popular
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Australia crosses hundred with five wickets loss before lunch break
Focus is on building depth and widening the squad for bigger challenges ahead: Fulton
Security forces destroy four bunkers after gunfights in Manipur
Best sporting moments of 2024
Mumbai police issue prohibitory orders from January 9 to 23
Health Ministry monitors HMPV outbreak in China, says situation not alarming yet
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Actor Allu Arjun appears for quizzing 
Kharge, Rahul’s dissent at NHRC selection 
BJP’s outreach to Christian community 
Shyam Benegal passes away at 90 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/opinion/editorial/desert-storm-on-the-t20-womens-world-cup/article68714705.ece 
 ----- 
