LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
Ind vs NZ Women’s T20 World Cup: Kiwi captain trusts umpire’s decision after controversial run-out, says it may have ‘stalled’ India’s momentum
Team India found themselves in the midst of an umpiring controversy against New Zealand in a match they lost by 58 runs.

Published - October 05, 2024 11:49 am IST - Dubai

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

India’s wicketkeeper Richa Ghosh unsuccessfully tries to run out New Zealand’s Amelia Kerr during the ICC Women’s T20 World Cup 2024 match between India and New Zealand at Dubai International Stadium, United Arab Emirates, on October 4, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

New Zealand captain Sophie Devine, who inspired them to a big win over India in their Women's T20 World Cup opener, feels the run-out controversy surrounding Amelia Kerr may have "stalled" India's game flow but she stressed the importance of respecting umpires' judgment.

India found themselves in the midst of an umpiring controversy against the Kiwis on Friday (October 4, 2024), a match they lost by 58 runs.

"Yeah it was an interesting one probably broke a little bit of momentum (of India) and maybe stalled them a little bit. But I think that's part of cricket isn't it, people's interpretations are always going to be slightly different," Devine said at the post-match media interaction.

The incident

The incident occurred in the 14th over of New Zealand's innings when Kerr was run out by Indian wicketkeeper Richa Ghosh while she attempted a second run along with Devine.

Kerr had already begun walking off the field before being called back by the umpires Anna Harris and Jacqueline Williams who ruled the ball dead, as Deepti Sharma had already received her cap from the umpire, signaling the end of the over.

The decision caused frustration for India as head coach Amol Mazumdar was seen in an heated discussion with the fourth umpire.

Umpire’s decision

Acknowledging the ambiguity of such moments, Devine emphasised the importance of respecting the umpires' decision.

"I guess my understanding of it is when the umpire calls over and I never heard the umpire call over but obviously that's up to the umpire's discretion in terms of when they think the ball's dead...

"For us, trying to pinch runs here and there, you never know when that one run might count but, yeah look, trust the umpires and obviously they made the call at the end of the day, that's their job, it's not really any of my business, they're the ones that have to apply, I just sort of sometimes push the boundaries a little bit with it." Kerr's reprieve was short-lived as she was dismissed off the very first ball of the next over.

Devine’s knock

However, Devine continued to play a pivotal role, anchoring the innings with an unbeaten 57 off 36 balls in a crucial 46-run partnership (26 balls) with Brooke Halliday, propelling New Zealand to a match winning 160/4.

In reply, India folded for 102 with pacers Rosemary Mair and Lea Tahuhu sharing seven wickets between them as New Zealand snapped their 10-match losing streak in spectacular fashion.

"To me nothing's changed over the last seven-eight-nine-ten games. It's just that we haven't got the results that we wanted.

"The cricket gods decided to be with us today and sometimes that's all it is isn't it? Sometimes you get a lucky bounce, sometimes you get a catch that goes in the gap. I don't think it's through lack of effort or preparation, I think it's just sometimes the way cricket is," the skipper said.

Devine said they had planned for this game for nearly a year, but what made the difference was their bowlers' outstanding execution, dismissing India's top three inside the powerplay.

"To be honest, we've been planning for this game for about, probably close to a year. The level of detail that we've gone into in terms of matchups, field sets, obviously it helps having played a little bit with Smitty (Smriti Mandhana) in the WPL, but it's good to have plans."

"The bowlers were outstanding we were really clear around what plans we wanted to use and how we wanted to use them and for them to execute and to pick up wickets regularly is something that I was really proud of."

She further hailed the opening duo of Suzie Bates and Georgia Plimmer for seizing the momentum in the powerplay making 55 runs without losing a wicket.

"The foundation that was laid by Susie and Georgia was outstanding and got us ahead of the game early. So, I think that probably did lay the platform for us," she said.

On tackling Indian spinners without much trouble, she said: "We're really fortunate that we've got some great batting coaches along, you know, with Dean Brownlee and Craig McMillan, who've had a bit of experience playing in subcontinent conditions."

Published - October 05, 2024 11:49 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

cricket / Twenty20 / Twenty20 World Cup

Most Popular
I have not retired, I just stood down from this Test because I am not in form: Rohit
Karnataka Woman Minister on receiving end
Security forces destroy four bunkers after gunfights in Manipur
Ind vs Aus 4th Test: Jaiswal’s dismissal sparks controversy; Rohit says ‘in all fairness he did touch the ball’;
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Australia crosses hundred with five wickets loss before lunch break
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Jasprit Bumrah leaves stadium for scans, Kohli leads India in Sydney
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Viduthalai part 2 review 
UI movie review 
FIR against Rahul Gandhi 
Jaipur highway fire 
The Hindu advent calendar 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/ind-vs-nz-womens-t20-world-cup-kiwi-captain-trusts-umpires-decision-after-controversial-run-out-says-it-may-have-stalled-indias-momentum/article68720787.ece 
 ----- 
