Arab News PK Saturday .  January 04, 2025
Search
 
   
LATEST NEWS
World
Pakistan
Saudi Arabia
Sport
Pakistan’s Saim Ayub ruled out of second South Africa Test after twisting right ankle
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Relief for government as Pakistan top court rejects 2022 ruling on lawmakers’ defection clause
﻿
Relief for government as Pakistan top court rejects 2022 ruling on lawmakers’ defection clause
Policemen sit beside the Pakistan's Supreme Court building during a hearing in Islamabad on April 6, 2022. (AFP/File)
Short Url

https://arab.news/g97jj

Pakistan’s top court barred lawmakers in 2022 from voting against their parliamentary party’s lines
Ruling comes ahead of government’s move to table key constitutional amendments in parliament 
Updated 03 October 2024
AAMIR SAEED
October 03, 2024 14:41
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan’s top court unanimously accepted a review petition against its 2022 judgment related to a defection clause in the constitution that barred lawmakers from voting against party lines in parliament, with the decision expected to bring major relief to the government as it plans to introduce a set of constitutional amendments in parliament. 

Pakistan’s top court ruled in May 2022 that votes cast by lawmakers opposed to their parliamentary party in four instances mentioned in the constitution’s Article 63-A would not be counted and the lawmaker found guilty of doing so could be disqualified from holding membership of parliament. These four instances include the elections of a prime minister and chief minister, a vote of confidence or no confidence, a constitutional amendment bill, and a money bill.

Pakistan’s ruling coalition government is planning on introducing a set of constitutional amendments in parliament that lawyers, opposition parties and independent experts allege are aimed at increasing the government’s power in making key judicial appointments and dealing with the defection of lawmakers during house votes. 

However, the government had deferred its move to table the amendments last month, admitting it did not have the required two-thirds majority in parliament required for their approval. Jailed former prime minister Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party has warned that if the Supreme Court struck down its 2022 ruling, it would pave the way for floor crossing in parliament. 

“I strongly condemn this, I just heard that the decision of [Article] 63-A has been issued,” former president and PTI leader Arif Alvi told reporters, shortly after a five-member bench of the apex court led by Chief Justice Qazi Faez Isa accepted the review petition. 

“What was the need for this? They just want to pass these amendments through this fake assembly which was rejected by even Maulana Fazl-ur-Rehman, which can’t even pass a law let alone an amendment,” he added.

‘UNCONSTITUTIONAL AND UNJUST’ 

Khan’s lawyer in the case Ali Zafar had objected to the formation of the five-member bench and sought a meeting with the former prime minister in prison. 

Khan’s PTI has accused the government of attempting to grant an extension in tenure to Isa, who is widely viewed to be aligned with the ruling coalition and in opposition to its chief rival, the PTI, through the constitutional amendments.

The government denies these allegations and says the amendments are aimed at providing speedy justice to thousands of litigants in the country. 

Zafar later boycotted the court’s proceedings on Thursday, saying the ruling would open the door for “horse-trading” in parliament. 

Pakistan’s coalition government has criticized the Supreme Court’s 2022 ruling, with Information Minister Attaullah Tarar saying last month that it was akin to rewriting the constitution. 

Tarar had argued that no institution has the right to interpret the constitution as it pleases. 

“The Supreme Court finally admits its previous ruling on Article 63-A was unconstitutional and unjust,” the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party wrote on social media platform X. 

“They have corrected the blunder made by selected judges.”

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN ARTICLE 63-A DEFECTION CLAUSE PTI SUPREME COURT OF PAKISTAN
Pakistan’s Saim Ayub ruled out of second South Africa Test after twisting right ankle
Ayub fell awkwardly in the outfield and was visibly in lot of pain as he received brief treatment on the ground
South Africa dominated the day 1 at Newlands and piled up 316 for four, with Ryan Rickelton hitting 176 not out
Updated 9 sec ago
SHAHJAHAN KHURRAM
January 04, 2025 07:24
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan had an injury scare when opening batter Saim Ayub twisted his right ankle on the field on day 1 of the second and final Test against South Africa on Friday.
Ayub fell awkwardly in the outfield and was visibly in lot of pain as he received brief treatment on the ground before he was rushed to a hospital for precautionary scans.
The opening batter has been ruled out of further participation in the second Test, according to the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB).
“Saim underwent X-rays and MRI tests this afternoon and the reports have been sent to specialists in London for further advice on the treatment and time away from competitive cricket,” the PCB said in a statement.
South Africa dominated the day 1 of the second Test at Newlands and piled up 316 for four, with Ryan Rickelton hitting 176 not out. He shared a fourth-wicket partnership of 235 with his captain, Temba Bavuma, who made 106.
South Africa have already sealed a place in June’s World Test Championship final with a dramatic two-wicket win in the first test at Centurion.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN VS SOUTH AFRICA SAIM AYUB
Pakistan issues 94 visas to Indian pilgrims for Hindu saint’s birth anniversary in Sindh
Shiv Avtari Sant Shadaram Sahib was born in 1708 in Lahore, which is now part of Pakistan
Pakistani charge d’affaires in India says his country is committed to facilitating devotees
Updated 03 January 2025
ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
January 03, 2025 21:43
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan’s High Commission in New Delhi announced on Friday the issuance of 94 visas to Indian pilgrims to attend the birth anniversary of a revered 18th-century Hindu spiritual leader in the southern province of Sindh.
Shiv Avtari Sant Shadaram Sahib was born in 1708 in Lahore, now part of Pakistan. Known for his spiritual teachings and emphasis on universal love, he is believed to be an incarnation of Shiva, one of the principal deities in Hinduism, by his followers.
His most notable legacy is the founding of Shadani Darbar, a prominent Hindu temple and spiritual center located in Hayat Pitafi, situated in Ghotki District, which became a pilgrimage destination.
“@PakinIndia has issued 94 visas to Indian pilgrims for their visit to Pakistan to participate in the 316th Birth Anniversary Celebrations of Shiv Avtari Stguru Sant Shadaram Sahib, at Shadani Darbar Hayat Pitafi, Sindh from 05-15 January 2025,” the high commission posted on X, formerly known as Twitter.
It mentioned that the Charge d’Affaires Saad Ahmad Warraich wished the pilgrims a “rewarding and fulfilling journey,” emphasizing Pakistan’s commitment to preserving sacred religious sites and facilitating pilgrimages.
Religious tourism remains a key aspect of cultural exchanges between India and Pakistan, governed by the 1974 Protocol on Visits to Religious Shrines. This agreement allows devotees from both countries to visit sacred sites, including Hindu temples in Pakistan and Islamic shrines in India. However, political tensions between the two nations have at times disrupted these exchanges, with instances where visas were denied to religious pilgrims.
In recent years, Pakistan has actively promoted religious tourism, welcoming Buddhist monks as well as Hindu and Sikh pilgrims from India and across the globe. The inauguration of the Kartarpur Corridor in 2019, which allows visa-free travel for Indian Sikhs to the Gurdwara Darbar Sahib in Kartarpur, is a significant milestone in these efforts.
Each year, a large number of Indian Sikhs also travel to Pakistan to pay homage at sacred sites, including Maharaja Ranjit Singh’s Samadhi in Lahore, the last resting place of the founder of the Sikh Empire, and Gurdwara Panja Sahib in Hasan Abdal, revered for its connection to Guru Nanak.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN INDIA INDIAN PILGRIMS IN PAKISTAN PAKISTAN HIGH COMMISSION
Pakistan launches IT training portal with Huawei to build digital skills among youth
Shaza Fatima Khawaja says it is vital to equip Pakistani youth with necessary skills to bolster the economy
The training program will use Huawei’s resources and global expertise to deliver comprehensive education
Updated 03 January 2025
ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
January 03, 2025 19:04
     

ISLAMABAD: State Minister for Information Technology Shaza Fatima Khawaja on Friday stressed the importance of equipping youth with digital skills as the IT ministry, in collaboration with Huawei, launched a training portal to develop a more technologically skilled workforce, the state media reported.
The government views information technology as a driver of economic change, seeking to transform the sector into a cornerstone of its strategy for financial stability. Pakistan has earmarked IT as a priority sector, courting foreign investment from countries like China and the Gulf states.
“The main objective of this program is to impart training to our youth, making them eligible for jobs and enabling them to contribute to the country’s development,” Khawaja was quoted by the Associated Press of Pakistan as saying at the launch of the portal.
“To bolster the economy, it is essential to equip our young population with the necessary training and skills,” she added.
The minister emphasized the importance of IT in the modern age, pointing out that the government was also setting up e-employment centers and e-libraries.
Highlighting the country’s potential in the field, Khawaja noted that over 150 million young people in Pakistan were under 30, adding that they could play a critical role in driving economic progress.
The minister announced the formation of a National IT Skills Committee, comprising representatives from IT boards and provincial ministries, to strengthen governance and coordination in the sector.
Huawei’s Deputy CEO Ahmed Bilal Masud highlighted the company’s commitment to fostering digital literacy and bridging the gap between academic knowledge and industry needs.
“By investing in the future of our youth, we are paving the way for a skilled workforce that will drive Pakistan’s economic growth and technological advancement,” he said.
He informed that the training program would utilize Huawei’s extensive resources and global expertise to deliver comprehensive education for students and trainers, aiming to enhance ICT education nationwide and promote digital transformation in Pakistan.

       Follow
Topics: HUAWEI PAKISTAN IT INDUSTRY
Pakistan naval chief lauds fleet readiness, highlights role in securing vital maritime zones
Admiral Naveed Ashraf witnesses Pakistan Navy’s annual efficiency competition parade in Karachi
Ashraf praises officers and sailors for achieving the operational objectives and milestones in 2024
Updated 03 January 2025
ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
January 03, 2025 18:56
     

ISLAMABAD: Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Naveed Ashraf on Friday expressed satisfaction with the operational readiness of Pakistan’s fleet, highlighting its critical role in safeguarding strategic maritime zones, including Gwadar Port developed under the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), to boost trade and regional connectivity.
The Gwadar Port, a vital link in Pakistan’s efforts to enhance regional trade, has been at the center of the country’s push to convince landlocked Central Asian states to utilize its ports for international trade via sea lanes.
The navy has also been instrumental in fostering the development of Pakistan’s blue water economy, ensuring maritime security and facilitating economic growth.
“Chief of the Naval Staff expressed complete satisfaction and confidence in the operational readiness of Pakistan Navy Fleet,” the navy said in a statement after holding fleet annual efficiency competition parade. “He lauded the dedication and professionalism of officers and sailors in safely and efficiently achieving the operational objectives and milestones for the year 2024.”

In this handout photo, taken and released by Pakistan Navy on January 3, 2025, Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Naveed Ashraf speaks at the Fleet Efficiency Competition Parade 2024 at the Pakistan Navy Dockyard in Karachi. (Photo courtesy: Pakistan Navy)

“He highlighted Pakistan Navy’s efforts to ensure the security of strategic maritime zones, particularly Gwadar Port and maritime projects under CPEC,” it added.
The parade was held at the dockyard in Karachi. The naval chief attended the event as the chief guest and elaborated on the evolving maritime security challenges in the region.

In this handout photo, taken and released by Pakistan Navy on January 3, 2025, Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Naveed Ashraf reviews the guard at the Fleet Efficiency Competition Parade 2024 at the Pakistan Navy Dockyard in Karachi. (Photo courtesy: Pakistan Navy)

He also stressed the need for the navy to remain vigilant and prepared to counter any threats to Pakistan’s maritime boundaries.
Earlier, Commander Pakistan Fleet Rear Admiral Abdul Munib, in his welcome address, highlighted the fleet’s operational achievements over the past year.
Awards and trophies were presented to the best-performing squadrons and units during the ceremony, recognizing their exemplary contributions to the navy’s operational success in 2024.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN NAVY PAKISTAN NAVY CHIEF NAVEED ASHRAF
Pakistan pledges support for occupied peoples as it joins Security Council as non-permanent member
Senior Pakistani diplomat at the UN highlights the significance of multilateralism in tacking global challenges
Pakistan plans to actively pursue just solutions to issues on the council’s agenda, help with conflict prevention
Updated 03 January 2025
MUHAMMAD IBRAHIM
January 03, 2025 17:11
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan reaffirmed its commitment to being a strong voice for people under foreign occupation as it raised its flag at the United Nations on Thursday, marking the beginning of its two-year term as a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council.
This is the eighth time Pakistan has secured a seat as a non-permanent UNSC member since joining the world body in 1947. The 15-member council comprises five permanent members — the United States, Russia, China, the United Kingdom and France — along with 10 non-permanent members elected for two-year terms.
Non-permanent members play a crucial role in shaping global discussions on peace and security and in influencing the drafting of resolutions.
“Pakistan will continue to be guided by the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, including maintenance of international peace and security and development of friendly relations among nations based on the principle of equal rights and self-determination,” Ambassador Asim Iftikhar, Pakistan’s Alternate Permanent Representative to the UN, said during the flag-raising ceremony.

Ambassador Asim Iftikhar, Alternate Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the UN, installs Pakistani flag at the Security Council stakeout in New York on January 2, 2024. (Photo courtesy: X/@PakistanUN_NY)

“Pakistan will always remain a strong voice for peoples under foreign occupation and oppression for the realization of their right to self-determination,” he added.
Iftikhar said the flag ceremony symbolized democratic renewal through the periodic rotation of the UNSC membership, reinforcing the global aspiration for a Security Council that “is more effective, open and transparent, and accountable to the UN membership.”
He also highlighted the importance of multilateralism in tackling global challenges.
“We are convinced that cooperative multilateralism – with the UN at its core – is the best way of tackling the multifaceted challenges of today,” he said.

Ambassador Asim Iftikhar, Alternate Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the UN, speaks during the flag installation ceremony at the Security Council stakeout in New York on January 2, 2024. (Photo courtesy: X/@PakistanUN_NY)

The Pakistani diplomat called for addressing the root causes of conflicts, prioritizing dialogue and diplomacy and supporting confidence-building measures at regional and global levels to foster peace and stability.
He also pledged that his country will actively pursue just solutions to issues on the council’s agenda and to contribute to conflict prevention and peacekeeping efforts.
“Never forgetting our solemn duty toward the millions of men, women, and children suffering in conflicts, Pakistan is assuming this responsibility, fully resolved to our collective endeavor for a more peaceful and secure world,” he said.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN AT UN UN SECURITY COUNCIL (UNSC) PAKISTAN UN TIES
Latest Updates
Pakistan’s Saim Ayub ruled out of second South Africa Test after twisting right ankle
Myanmar junta to release nearly 6,000 prisoners in annual amnesty
Saudi king, crown prince offer condolences to US president for victims of New Orleans attack
South Korea in political crisis after impeached president resists arrest
Mixed reactions as Biden blocks takeover of US Steel by Japan’s Nippon Steel
Recommended
SAUDI ARABIA
How a Saudi royal reserve combines sustainability with support for the local community
SAUDI ARABIA
How AI is driving innovation in event management and urban development in Saudi Arabia
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.pk/node/2573783/pakistan 
 ----- 
