Skip to content
Subscribe Now
37°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETSNews
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Russell Westbrook bolted in from the 3-point line to snag an offensive rebound on a missed free throw. It didn’t count. So he did it again.
Russell Westbrook (4) of the Denver Nuggets communicates with teammates during the third quarter against the LA Clippers at Ball Arena in Denver on Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2025. (Photo by AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: January 9, 2025 at 9:49 AM MST

Russell Westbrook smelled blood in the water, revealed himself too soon, then still captured his prey anyway.

It was the first quarter at Ball Arena, and the Nuggets led the Clippers 19-13 after DeAndre Jordan scored and got fouled. With Jordan famously a horrible free throw shooter — 47.5% in his career, 35% this season — Westbrook went hunting for an offensive rebound.

Maybe it helped that Denver was hosting his former team. That is Michael Malone’s theory, at least.

“I don’t know if you guys notice,” he said after a 126-103 win. “Russ always plays hard as hell. I think he plays a little bit harder against the Clippers.”

Westbrook struck a more diplomatic tone, laughing at Malone’s comment before saying, “I love to compete at the highest level, and tonight just happened to be the Clippers.” Either way, what transpired around Jordan’s free throw on Wednesday night epitomized both Westbrook’s considerable impact on the Nuggets and something more personal to him. Maybe it was revenge, or maybe it was a release. The Los Angeles native is playing through a week of environmental and emotional turmoil back in his hometown, where wildfires have raged this week.

“It’s hard for me to sleep, to be honest,” he said. “I was supposed to take a nap today. It was hard for me to do that.”

As Jordan prepared to take his foul shot, Westbrook was stationed at the top of the key. Timing himself to near perfection, the 36-year-old point guard bolted inside the arc, flying past three of his teammates and three of his opponents to snag the rebound. But the officials whistled the play dead.

Westbrook was incredulous. He thought they were calling him for a lane violation. Then he learned the call was directed instead at Clippers center Ivica Zubac, who had stepped in from the lower block too early. Jordan was given a second chance.

This time, Westbrook planted himself on Zubac’s right shoulder and audibly issued a warning, as if it was possible to telegraph his intentions any more than he already had: “You better box out.”

Or as he relayed the exchange to reporters later that night: “I told him I was gonna get the rebound. … I told Zu that if (Jordan) missed, I’m gonna get this one, and there’s nothing you can do about it. And he missed, and I got it, and there’s nothing he could do about it.”

In one of the more bewildering sequences of the season, Westbrook somehow beat the 7-footer to the ball again. He managed to undercut Zubac and tip in Jordan’s second consecutive miss, completing a four-point possession with 4:19 left in the quarter. Twenty seconds later, Michael Porter Jr. buried a 3-pointer after Peyton Watson picked Zubac’s pocket, and the Nuggets were suddenly up 11 in a game that never got back within single digits.

“Russ told me that he was gonna attack the glass, so I was trying to get him going on the offensive glass and scoring. … I did miss that on purpose,” Jordan deadpanned.

Without three-time league MVP Nikola Jokic (illness), the Nuggets delivered one of their most resounding wins of the season. Westbrook kept doing all the little things to make them tick. He finished with 19 points, six rebounds and eight assists on 50% shooting in an individual performance that wasn’t even close to his best of the year. He has matched or surpassed that scoring total in seven other games, with better efficiency in six of them. He has registered his 200th and 201st triple-doubles as a Nugget, including one on 100% shooting with zero turnovers. He’s averaging 12.6 points and 6.7 assists as a sixth man and spot starter.

But the moments that have made him into a fan favorite are the outlandishly ambitious ones, like calling his shot on a free-throw offensive rebound, or the unpredictably passionate ones, like his celebration during the third quarter on Wednesday. After drawing his own “and-one” foul in the post against former teammate Norman Powell, Westbrook faced the crowd and “rocked the baby” for the first time since joining the Nuggets, laying it on thick by seemingly mouthing, “He’s a baby.” The former MVP popularized the taunt years ago when he played for Oklahoma City.

“Being a fan favorite is enjoyable. It’s fun,” he said. “The games are fun. It’s supposed to be fun. It’s supposed to be exciting. It’s not supposed to be a boring game. People come to watch an exciting game.”

On a team that has been shaky, Westbrook is consistently supplying the fun, even when the main attraction is absent. Jokic has missed five games in the first 36. Denver is 2-3 on those nights. The two wins have been characterized by a Westbrook triple-double in Memphis and Westbrook’s antics on Wednesday.

RELATED ARTICLES
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Ty Lue on Los Angeles wildfires as Kawhi Leonard steps away from Clippers: “Definitely have to take care of home”

He tried to channel his city’s pain into rapture. Westbrook grew up in South Central Los Angeles. He has played for both the Clippers and Lakers. His family still resides in the area. The wildfires have not taken his home, but they have impacted close friends. He has kept tabs on the latest evacuation orders, seen the countless videos chronicling the destruction of homes and businesses.

“It’s all gone, and nothing you can do about it. That hurts me, personally. Not being able to do nothing is difficult for me,” Westbrook said, thanking firefighters and first responders.

“I think the best thing I can do is, obviously this is my job, but go out and try to give people joy.”

Originally Published: January 9, 2025 at 9:43 AM MST
Around the Web
If Your Dog Does This, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Las Vegas: New 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month (Peek Inside)
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
tardive disknesya
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Free Products & Food From These 15 Companies
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Dumbfounded!
Tardive Dyskinesia
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Anyone With Hair Loss Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WG Hair Restore
27 Breeds So Loyal Vets Call Them "Velcro Dogs"
Definition
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Look!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Neuropathy: Simple Method Helps Nerve Pain Disappear (At Home)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
15 Surprising Foods You Should Not Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Air Conditioners Prices in 2024 Will Surprise You (Take a Look)
Air Condition I Search Ads
Silent but Dangerous: Understanding the Appearance of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
Let This Soft Mineral Melt in Your Mouth to Rebuild Teeth and Gums
WellnessGaze Dental
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Expert Advice: 10 Dinner Foods You Should Never Eat!
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
Teen arrested after fatal shooting outside northeast Aurora home
From Bo Nix to a defensive overhaul, Broncos’ surge to postseason powered by transformative offseason
Schwalb Builders owners, employees indicted in Denver metro home remodeling scheme
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
2025
January
9
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2025/01/09/russell-westbrook-nuggets-clippers-wildfires-los-angeles/ 
 ----- 
