Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Ty Lue Reveals Reason for Benching Longtime Clippers Starter
The LA Clippers made a starting lineup change vs. the Houston Rockets.
Joey Linn | Nov 14, 2024
Oct 23, 2024; Inglewood, California, USA; LA Clippers coach Tyronn Lue at a press conference at Intuit Dome. / Kirby Lee-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Clippers
Houston Rockets

The LA Clippers dropped their second-straight game on Wednesday night, falling to the Houston Rockets at Toyota Center. Clippers head coach Ty Lue made a starting lineup change for this game, benching Terance Mann for Kris Dunn.

Mann had started all 11 games to start the season, and 71 of the 75 games he appeared in last season. Asked about this decision after the game, Lue said he wanted another ball handler on the floor next to James Harden.

“Just trying to get another ball handler on the floor with James,” Lue said. “When teams try to pressure him. Like [Dillon] Brooks, like [Lu] Dort… I thought getting [Kris Dunn] on the court, a true point guard, I thought would help… That was my thought process going into it.”

Lue added on Mann, “I think his energy is great, coming in off the bench, being able to attack a little bit more. He was more aggressive. He had an aggressive mindset tonight and so it was good to see my guy get going again, so I’m happy for that. Now we just got to continue to keep doing it.”

Mann played well off the bench, finishing with a season-high 14 points. Dunn also played well as a starter, finishing with 11 points, eight assists, four rebounds, and two steals in 31 minutes of play.

Related Articles

Ex-NBA Star Calls Out Drake for DeMar DeRozan Comments

Patrick Beverley Makes Statement on Possible NBA Comeback

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander Makes Honest Statement on Clippers-Thunder Trade

Published Nov 14, 2024
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/ty-lue-reveals-reason-for-benching-longtime-clippers-starter-01jcmj240fdx 
 ----- 
