 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Community
Opinion
Health
Sports
Obituaries
E-Edition
Classifieds
Public Notices
Contests
Services
About Us
Submit a news tip
Submit a photo
Submit a Classified Ad
Submit a letter to the editor
Special Sections
Environmental Champions
NBA Best Bets: Rockets vs. Clippers Picks for November 15

Published 11:39 am Thursday, November 14, 2024

By Data Skrive

The Houston Rockets (8-4) will look to extend a three-game win streak when they host the Los Angeles Clippers (6-6) on Friday, November 15, 2024 at Toyota Center as 4.5-point favorites. The contest airs at 8:00 PM ET on SCHN and FDSSC.

Prior to placing a wager on this matchup, take a peek at the best bets available on Friday according to our computer predictions.

Subscribe to our free email newsletter

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

Watch the NBA, other live sports and more on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Use our link to sign up for a free trial.

Rockets vs. Clippers Game Info
When: Friday, November 15, 2024 at 8:00 PM ET
Where: Toyota Center in Houston, Texas
TV: SCHN and FDSSC
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Sign up for NBA League Pass to get access to games, live and on-demand, and more for the entire season and offseason.

Rockets vs. Clippers Best Bets

Place your bets on any NBA matchup at BetMGM. Sign up today using our link.

Pick ATS: Rockets (- 4.5)
Houston has seven wins in 12 games against the spread this season.
Los Angeles has seven wins in 12 games against the spread this year.
The Rockets’ ATS record as 4.5-point favorites or more is 3-3.
The Clippers’ ATS record as 4.5-point underdogs or greater is 5-3.

Bet on this game’s spread with BetMGM

Pick OU:

Over (214.5)



The Rockets and their opponents have combined to score more than 214.5 points in six of 12 games this season.
Clippers games this season have had a combined scoring total higher than 214.5 points in five of 12 outings.
Houston has an average total of 221.4 in its contests this year, 6.9 more points than this matchup’s over/under.
Los Angeles has a 220.0-point average over/under in its matchups this season, 5.5 more points than this game’s total.
The Rockets score the 14th-most points in the league this season, while the Clippers’ offense racks up the 19th-most.
The Clippers have surrendered the 14th-fewest points in NBA play this season, while the Rockets have given up the 11th-fewest.

Bet on this game’s total with BetMGM

Moneyline Pick: Rockets (-185)
The Rockets have won six of the nine games they’ve played as favorites this season.
The Clippers have won in three of the eight contests they have been named as odds-on underdogs in this year.
Houston has a record of 3-2 when it’s favored by -185 or more by sportsbooks this season.
This year, Los Angeles has won three of seven games when listed as at least +150 or better on the moneyline.
Bookmakers have implied with the moneyline set for this matchup that the Rockets have a 64.9% chance to win.

Bet on this game’s moneyline with BetMGM

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE BETTING PREVIEW
Texans vs. Titans: Odds, Moneyline, and Spread – Week 18
NBA Best Bets: Rockets vs. Mavericks Picks for January 1
NBA Best Bets: Rockets vs. Heat Picks for December 29
NBA Best Bets: Rockets vs. Timberwolves Picks for December 27
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
NFL Week 18 Picks Against the Spread, Tips and Predictions

Our best bet against the spread on the NFL’s Week 18 card is Dolphins -1 — scroll down…

NFL Week 18 Computer Predictions, Best Bets, Over/Under Picks

Looking for the best wager among all 16 NFL matchups in Week 18? Our choice, in terms of…

Rockets vs. Celtics Injury Report Today – January 3

Here’s a peek at the injury report for the Houston Rockets (22-11), which currently has two players listed,…

Best Bets for NCAA Basketball Picks Against the Spread for Friday, January 3

In one of the many exciting matchups on the college basketball slate on Friday, the Nevada Wolf Pack…

Top 25 College Hoops Picks Against the Spread – Friday, January 3

The Friday college basketball slate includes two games with a ranked team in action. Among those games is…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Health
Lifestyle
Classifieds
Small Business
Weather Alerts
Services
About Us
Policies
Submit a news tip
Submit a photo
Copyright
© 2025, Port Arthur News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.panews.com/2024/11/14/nba-best-bets-rockets-vs-clippers-picks-for-november-15/ 
 ----- 
