Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Rockets Bench Helps Houston Cruise to Win Over Clippers
The "Terror Twins" brought the energy the Rockets needed to finish off the Clippers.
Lachard Binkley | Nov 14, 2024
Nov 13, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Houston Rockets forward Tari Eason (17) dunks against the LA Clippers during the fourth quarter at Toyota Center. Mandatory Credit: Erik Williams-Imagn Images / Erik Williams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets
Los Angeles Clippers

The Houston Rockets hosted James Harden and the Los Angeles Clippers Wednesday night as they were going for win No. 3 in a row. This was the first of two consecutive games against the Clippers as the two games will face off again Friday night in the first NBA Cup game of the season.

The Clippers came out on fire as they took a 22-11 lead in the first quarter. Harden couldn't miss making his first three shots from the field. All three were from beyond the arc and Harden started with a quick nine points.

Harden seemed to be able to do whatever he wanted on the court as none of the Rockets starters could find a way to slow him down. The Rockets went to the bench for answers as they have all season and Amen Thompson answered the call.

Thompson made his presence felt early and often. First Thompson had a chance down block that led to a basket for the Rockets and then another chased down block on Harden. In the second quarter Thompson was able to poke the ball away from Harden and force him to take a desperation 3-pointer from mid-court which clanked off the rim.

It wasn't just his defense. Thompson finished with 18 points and 11 rebounds. Additionally, the Rockets' most consistent player, Tari Eason, made a significant impact all season. Eason was flying all over the court as usual.

Eason energy along with Thompson all around effort turned around a slow start in the first half and the second half. The starters seem to be stuck in mud at times and soon as the bench came in the game the energy seem to instantly go up for the Rockets.

Eason recorded a double-double, finishing with 18 points and ten rebounds. He continued his impressive season after missing much of last year due to injury. Despite the Clippers narrowing the lead to six points, the Rockets managed to pull away in the game's final moments.

Even though Eason and Thompson were the stars off the bench, the Rockets entire second unit made plays throughout the game. Jock Landale was back after a one game absence and provided a lot of energy in the pain and even Reed Sheppard had several good defensive plays to help extend the lead.

The Rockets are on a season-high three-game winning streak and currently have a season-best four games above .500. They will be back in action on Friday night, aiming to sweep the Clippers in the second of their two consecutive games against each other.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 14, 2024
LACHARD BINKLEY

Lachard is a lifelong Houstonian who has followed the Rockets since the 80s. He is a credential reporter covering the Rockets and Rio Grande Valley Vipers.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/rockets-bench-helps-houston-cruise-to-win-over-clippers 
 ----- 
