MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
Victor Wembanyama has career-high 50 points to help Spurs top Wizards, 139-130
Published Nov. 13, 2024 10:57 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

Victor Wembanyama had a career-high 50 points and the San Antonio Spurs rolled to a 139-130 victory over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night.

Washington
Wizards
130
FINAL
139
San Antonio
Spurs
WAS +9.5 OVER 224.5

Wembanyama was 8 for 16 on 3-pointers, also setting a career high, as San Antonio won its second straight.

ADVERTISEMENT

Jordan Poole had 42 points for Washington, which lost its sixth straight.

At 20 years 314 days, Wembanyama is the fourth-youngest player to score 50 points, trailing only Brandon Jennings (20/52), LeBron James (20/80) and Devin Booker (20/145).

Wembanyama's previous high was 49 points in a 130-126 overtime victory over New York.

Wembanyama made at least six 3-pointers for the third straight game.

Here's What a New Walk-in Shower Should Cost In 2025
Enter your ZIP code and answer a few questions about your current bathroom setup.
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Can Jim Harbaugh save the Chargers from their miserable playoff history?
The Chargers have the worst playoff record of all 14 teams in the postseason. Can Jim Harbaugh change that in his first year at the helm?
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026?...
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

Devin Vassell had 17 points in his third game for the Spurs since returning from offseason surgery to repair a fractured right foot.

Takeaways

Wizards: Alexandre Sarr blocked Wembanya's shot in the second quarter and dunked on his fellow Frenchman in the third quarter. Sarr finished with 12 points, two rebounds, two assists and a block in 25 minutes.

Spurs: Wembanyama is the eighth player in franchise history to score 50 points. David Robinson holds the franchise record with 71 points against the Los Angeles Clippers on April 24, 1994.

Key moment

Stuck at 48 points, Wembanyama made an 18-foot jumper for his 49th and 50th points with 8:49 remaining to give San Antonio a 115-98 lead.

Key stat

Wembanyama is the first player in league history with 20 3-pointers and 25 blocks over a six-game span.

Up next

The Spurs host Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night in the final game of a five-game homestand. The are at Atlanta on Friday night to close a five-game trip.

Reporting by The Associated Press.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
NBA TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
Get more from National Basketball Association
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
IN THIS TOPIC
Victor Wembanyama
National Basketball Association
NBA - Washington Wizards vs. San Antonio Spurs - 11/14/2024
San Antonio Spurs
	SPONSORED CONTENT
Not washing New Clothes Before Wearing Can Lead To...
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's What a 1-Day Shower Upgrade Should Cost You In 2025
The cost of a shower upgrade from local pros might surprise you
Homebuddy
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Never Wear New Clothes Before Washing, Here's Why
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Finally Legal: It's like a Norco for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
sherum
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/nba/victor-wembanyama-has-career-high-50-points-help-spurs-top-wizards-139-130 
 ----- 
