New Zealand
World
Politics
Pacific
Te Ao Māori
Sport
Business
Country
Local Democracy Reporting
Comment & Analysis
In Depth
Weather
PACIFIC
14 Oct 2024
FIFA World Cup 26 Oceania Qualifiers - As it stands
1:27 pm on 14 October 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

By Matt Brown

Fiji’s Leroy Jennings and Solomon Islands William Komasi during the FIFA World Cup 2026 - OFC Qualifiers, Round 2, Solomon Islands v Fiji. HFC Bank Stadium, Suva, Thursday 10 October 2024. Photo: Kirk Corrie / Phototek.nz

The opening group matches have been completed on the Road to the FIFA World Cup 26 for the eight remaining Oceania hopefuls.

Group A action in Suva saw New Caledonia and Fiji strike first with Johann Sidaner's New Caledonia side beating Papua New Guinea 3-1 and Rob Sherman's Fijian team edging Solomon Islands 1-0.

It all means that Papua New Guinea will have to make the most of home ground advantage when Group A action resumes in Port Moresby next month.

Solomon Islands plays New Caledonia, before Papua New Guinea entertain Fiji on November 14. Three days later they then meet Solomon Islands and Fiji play New Caledonia with the top two teams in the group qualifying for the semi-finals

The opening matches in Group B concluded in Port Vila yesterday with hosts Vanuatu beating Samoa 4-1, a day after New Zealand dispatched Tahiti 3-0.

The action moves to Hamilton in New Zealand where the hosts will face Vanuatu, and Tahiti will play Samoa on November 15. Three days later in Auckland, Vanuatu and Tahiti meet before New Zealand play Samoa.

The semi-finals and final will be held in New Zealand in March 2025 with the winner qualifying directly for the FIFA World Cup 26™. It is the first time Oceania has direct entry to the World Cup, with the runner-up will have a chance to qualify via the FIFA Intercontinental Playoff Tournament.

It will be a busy month ahead for the eight head coaches as they plot their strategies for what will be an exciting conclusion to the group stage on the Road to 26.

-OFC

Tags: 
Fifa Qualifiers
 
O Ceania Soccer
 
Pacific
 
Sports
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

NEXT STORY IN PACIFIC
CNMI retirees may need to pay money back
RELATED STORIES
Football World Cup qualifier: All Whites made to sweat before overcoming Tahiti
11 Oct 2024

The All Whites have soundly beaten Tahiti in Vanuatu on Friday afternoon.

Football World Cup qualifier: All Whites made to sweat before overcoming Tahiti
New Caledonia, Fiji have wins in Oceania FIFA World Cup qualifiers
11 Oct 2024

On Friday, New Zealand plays Tahiti, and on Saturday, Vanuatu takes on Samoa.

New Caledonia, Fiji register first wins in Oceania FIFA World Cup qualifiers
PACIFIC
Vanuatu 7.3 magnitude earthquake: First reports of damage
Live: No tsunami risk after large 7.3 magnitude Vanuatu earthquake
Powerful 7.3 magnitude quake strikes Vanuatu, tsunami waves observed
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEW ZEALAND STORIES
Live: Large 7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes near Vanuatu
Te Pāti Māori's Rawiri Waititi says Luxon may be 'drop-nuts' if he doesn't attend Waitangi Day
Vanuatu 7.3 magnitude earthquake: First reports of damage
Wellington City Council confirms long-term plan, mayor tells government to butt out
HYEFU revealed: Nicola Willis deploys convenient new measure amid bleak books
SUBSCRIBE

Pacific RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/pacific/530697/fifa-world-cup-26-oceania-qualifiers-as-it-stands 
 ----- 
