+
TOI TIMESPOINTS
HOW TO EARN
MY ACTIVITY
FAQs
DAILY CHECK-INS: 0/5 completed

REDEEM YOUR TIMES POINTS
VIEW ALL

Lifetime

0

Expired

0

Redeemed

0

Total redeemable TimesPoints

0

* TimesPoints expire in 1 year from the day of credit

TODAY’S ACTIVITY

English|GadgetsNowRead ePaper
SIGN IN
INDIA
INDIATIMES EVOKEG20 SUMMITMAHARASHTRADELHI
TIMES EVOKE
FEATURED
TIMES EVOKE PRINT EDITION
EVOKE CONCERT
+


NEWS / TIMES EVOKE
THIS STORY IS FROM AUGUST 12, 2023
‘Plantations grew with colonialism — tea impacted both humans and ecology’
Srijana Mitra Das| Times Evoke | Updated: Aug 12, 2023, 08:13 IST
Sarah Besky is Associate Professor of Anthropology at Cornell University. Speaking to Srijana Mitra Das at Times Evoke, she discusses the environmental and human histories nestled in a cup of tea:


What is the core of your research?

Across all my work on the tea industry, I am animated by very sim-ple questions — what is a plantation? How did it come about? How does it persist? I answer these through ethnography and historiography. A plantation is inherently a construc-tion of capital, power and the aim to convert landscapes into commodity-bearing places. I look at the effects of that process on human beings and the environment. For Americans, the plantation has a very particular history — for many, it is part of a bygone era now. In South Asia though, this system of production persists as the primary way an important commodity like tea is produced. Hence, I also study the continuing infrastructure around plantations, from evalua-tions and auctions of tea to consum-er desires which perpetuate these.



REPLANT A PLANET: Tea gardens reflect histories of imperial control across Earth. Picture courtesy: iStock




Why is tea so central to your work?

I am intrigued by normal, every-day things that exist in our lives. I wanted to know the stories behind tea. That includes the lives of planta-tion labourers who, in Darjeeling, where I do much of my ethnographic study, consist largely of women. Darjeeling also produces some of the world’s most exclusive and expensive tea but I’ve earlier found some of its workers were among the worst paid in the global industry. I wanted to see how that paradox works.




THE CUP THAT CHEERS: Tea and sugar in biscuits, etc., fuelled British industry. Picture courtesy: iStock


Why do you refer to tea as a ‘hero crop’?

That term comes from corporate actors who are looking at both the future of the tea industry and ways to ameliorate some of the past that caused the plantation to emerge. Tea became a ‘hero crop’ as a means of washing away the plantation’s oppressive history — for this to happen, tea has to have no past. In the ‘hero crop’ discourse, the product can actually become an environ-mental boon, even though it uses a monocrop system. What role does monocropping play in the Anthropocene? One key fact to know here is that almost all the black tea we consume is produced on plantations — these were born of colonial control. The plantation and monocropping — or growing only one commodity crop like tea, cotton, sugar or rubber in different locations globally, depending on the ecological context — is directly linked to colonial conquest. Converting natural landscapes, frequently called ‘wild’ in colonial parlance, into spaces of such cultiva-tion and knowability through mono-cropping came with imperialism.

The environmental effects of that process are long-lasting and continually reinvent themselves. The expansion of palm oil now is a new iteration — its ark encompasses colonialism and state control.


Discussing tea gardens, why do you write ‘labour is a collective ecological act’?

To think about labour as just som-thing humans do over-looks how workers themselves think of this — the ‘collective ecological act’ idea studies how people work on things that work on them. This looks at the relationality between humans and the environments where they work and how they see their own relationship with these places and plants. In plantations, that encompasses multiple activities and concerns, including what happens if a drought occurs or the monocrop itself starts growing less productive.



EQUI-TEA: Not all workers get fair terms. Picture courtesy: iStock



Can you tell us about your research on fair trade in tea?

In the early 2000s, the label of ‘fair trade’ was affixing itself to more and more products. There was a massive consumer upsurge for this, based also on a general understanding that such workers would make more money than non-certified ones, with consumers willing to pay more. Fair trade historically has its roots in coffee — but the difference between coffee and tea is that the former is often based on cooperatives. These are not huge mono-cropping plantations but places where workers own their own land.

In contrast, with most tea plantations, owners have to lease land from the state and workers have no rights to this. Yet, there is this expectation that goods like tea or chocolate should be fair trade as well. But how deep do these ideas of equity go beyond a label? Does this extend, for instance, to tea workers getting better wages or less pesticide-laden work conditions? I research this too.






Recently, the Anthropocene — the era of vast human impacts on Earth — has been dated as starting in 1950. How do you analyse this?

People can choose any applicable geological date but in my view, the Anthropocene starts much earlier — it’s actually pre-Industrial Revolution and lies in the massive scale of environmental change wrought by colonial control on Earth. These huge ecological changes have legacies which cannot be rolled back. The concept of the Anthropocene should highlight the impacts humans have had on social systems, environments and ecologies which are practically impossible to overturn — the plantation is one such change. The impossibility of taking back all the changes such a production system made — think about the histories of plantation slavery, for instance — is very important to consider when we discuss the Anthropocene.







Download

The Times of India News App for Latest India News

Subscribe

Start Your Daily Mornings with Times of India Newspaper! Order Now

READPOST A COMMENT
All Comments ()

TRENDING IN INDIA
Latest news
News
COVID-19 in World
Coronavirus India
Coronavirus
India China news
Moderna vaccine
Covaxin
Astrazeneca vaccine
Asaduddin Owaisi
Pfizer vaccine
Sputnik vaccine
OTHER TIMES GROUP NEWS SITES
The Economic Times
Hindi Economic Times
Navbharat Times
Maharashtra Times
Vijaya Karnataka
Telugu Samayam
Tamil Samayam
Malayalam Samayam
I am Gujarat
TimesPoints
Indiatimes
Brand Capital
Education Times
Times Food
Mumbai Mirror
Bangalore Mirror
IndiaTimes Bangla
Hindi Podcast
LIVING AND ENTERTAINMENT
iDiva
MensXP.com
Femina
ETimes
Grazia
Zoom
Travel Destinations
Bombay Times
Cricbuzz.com
Filmfare
Online Songs
TV
Lifestyle
Longwalks App
Newspaper Subscription
Food News
Times Prime
Whats Hot
TOP TRENDS
India vs Australia
Atul Subhash Suicide Case
US House of Representative Election
The Rock
Jasprit Bumrah
Mike Johnson
Top 10 US Colleges
Philadelphia 76ers vs Brooklyn Nets
CBSE 2025 Key Changes
WWE Smackdown Results
H-1B Visa Program
Dallas Mavericks
LA Knight
Ankur Jain
Rishabh Pant
Hulk Hogan
Prashant Kishor
Live Cricket Score
SERVICES
Ads 2 Book
ET Money Finance App
CouponDunia
Dineout
Magicbricks
Techgig
Times Jobs
Bollywood News
Times Mobile
Gadgets Now
Careers
Colombia
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Headlines
Sports News
Business News
India News
World News
Bollywood News
Health & Fitness Tips
Indian TV Shows
Celebrity Photos
Popular News
HOT ON THE WEB
Rajiv Kapoor
Abhishek Bachchan
Dabidi Dibidi
Pushpa 2 Box Office Collection
Abhijeet Bhattacharya
Govinda
Ram Gopal Varma
Somy Ali
Jaya Bachchans
TRENDING TOPICS
Paatal Lok 2 Teaser
Reduce Uric Acid
Older Dinosaurs
Kidneys Healthy
Indoor Plants
Coldest Climates
Baby John Box Office Collection
Popular Book
Fruits
Workout Benefits
Parenting Tips
Jim Corbet National Park
Long Weekends 2025
Ranveer Singh
Aishwarya Rai
NYT Connections
Elon Musk
Bill Gates
FOLLOW US ON
DOWNLOAD TOI APP
ANDROID
IPHONE
IPAD
About us
Create Your Own Ad
Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
RSS
Newsletter
Feedback
ePaper
Sitemap
Archives
DNPA Code of Ethics

Copyright © 2025 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication ServiceCookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/plantations-grew-with-colonialism-tea-impacted-both-humans-and-ecology/articleshow/102658542.cms 
 ----- 
