Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda, South Africa and ten other nations that could qualify for Afcon 2025 on match day four
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
OCTOBER 15, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Senegal players celebrate their opening goal against The Gambia at AFCON 2023 | Credit: CAF Media

A dozen countries including Uganda and South Africa in group K could seal qualification for the Africa Cup of Nations 2025 on match day four if results go their way.

They could join already qualified hosts Morocco who ironically also lead the group, Burkina Faso, Algeria and Cameroon who have already qualified for the tournament with November qualifying fixtures just a formality.

Here are the nations that could reach the promised land at the end of Tuesday and what they need.

In Group C, Egypt on 9 points are six points better than all other sides in the group who are tied on 3 points.

They take on Mauritania aware that maximum points will seal their fate as results elsewhere wont matter.

In group D, both Nigeria and Benin will qualify for Morocco 2025 if they overcome Libya and Rwanda respectively.

Note: The fixture between Libya and Nigeria could be postponed after the Super Eagles opted to return home after mistreatment at the airport where they spent more than 16 hours stranded.

In group F, table leaders Angola and Sudan will also qualify if they beat Niger and Ghana respectively.

https://twitter.com/CAF_Online/status/1845933586119086332

With nine points, Angola could even afford a draw if Ghana don’t win against Sudan who are on 4 points with Black Stars on just two points.

Defending champions Ivory Coast and 2012 winners Zambia will join the other qualified nations if they post victories away to Siera Leone and Chad respectively.

The Elephants on 9 points could also seal qualification with a draw if Zambia doesn’t lose.

Elsewhere, DR Congo, group H leaders will reach the promised land if they don’t lose to Taifa Stars of Tanzania in Dar es Salaam.

A win over Guinea Bissau in Group I will land the Eagles of Mali a place in Morocco early on while both Uganda and South Africa will qualify out of group K if they win away to South Sudan and Congo respectively.

Another nation that will qualify is Senegal in group L that could be sealed after Burkina Faso already sealed their fate with a win away to Burundi.

The Lions of Teranga visit Malawi who have no point at this stage.

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Uganda She Cranes overcome Malawi scare to storm final | 2024 Africa Netball Cup
Nyali Open 2024: Reigning national champion Akena leads Ugandans’ chase for glory
2024 Africa Netball Cup: Uganda She Cranes book old foes Malawi in epic semi-final showdown
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/15/uganda-south-africa-and-ten-other-nations-that-could-qualify-for-afcon-2025-on-match-day-four/ 
 ----- 
