www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 07 → Article 1934597
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Friday, 7 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Kudus 4, Jordan 7: Black Stars' player ratings after 2-1 win over Mali

« Prev

Next »

Comments (25)

Listen to Article

Share:

L-R Antoine Semenyo, Tariq Lamptey, Osman Bukari, Jordan Ayew, Ibrahim Sulemana, and Elisha Owusu

The Black Stars of Ghana clinched a crucial victory over Mali in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers on Thursday, June 6, 2024.

Ghana stunned Mali by coming from a goal down to win 2-1 at the Stade du 26 Mars in Bamako.

Two second-half goals from Ernest Nuamah and Jordan Ayew secured Ghana the hard-fought victory, marking the Black Stars' first win in 2024.

Aside from a few, nearly all the players stepped up on this memorable night to put Ghana back on track in their quest to qualify for the World Cup.

Following the win, Ghana has risen to second in the group, tied with Comoros at 6 points. Mali is third with 4 points, followed by the Central African Republic, Madagascar, and Chad with 4, 3, and 0 points, respectively.

Below are the Black Stars' player ratings:

Lawrence Ati Zigi - 8

The St Gallen goalkeeper had an exceptional night, keeping Ghana in the game with two crucial first-half saves. He remained composed and kept his defence organized throughout the match.

Alidu Seidu - 6

The Stade Rennes defender secured the right side of the defence. He delivered one of the best defensive performances of the night, leaving no stone unturned.

Alexander Djiku - 6

Djiku had a commanding presence. He was consistently in the right place at the right time for clearances and interceptions.

Mohammed Salisu - 6.5

Salisu performed his dual roles of initiating play and defending his area nearly perfectly. His performance is rated as his best in a Ghana shirt to date.

Gideon Mensah - 4

The Auxerre left-back had a below-average performance. He was often caught off-guard during defensive transitions and contributed minimally to the offence.

Tariq Lamptey - 7

In contrast to Mensah, Lamptey had an outstanding performance on the opposite wing. His speed was a valuable asset, providing an attacking outlet with his dynamic runs.

He created multiple opportunities with his cut-back crosses and synergized well with the forwards.

Salis Samed - 5

RC Lens midfielder Salis Samed delivered his first assist for the Black Stars after Ernest Nuamah connected with his precise cross for a powerful header.

Aside from the assist, Samed had a passive presence in the match.

Thomas Partey - 7.5

Captain for the night, Thomas Partey led by example. He maximized the team's limited possession with swift forward passes.

He nearly scored deep in the second half but missed a one-on-one opportunity when the score was tied at 1-1.

Ernest Nuamah - 6

Ernest Nuamah netted his third international career goal with a superb header, equalizing for the team as they went on to secure the win.

Kudus Mohammed - 4

The West Ham United star had a night to forget. His attempts at flair were unsuccessful, and he was dispossessed more than any other player.

Antoine Semenyo - 6

Semenyo, leading the attack, maintained Ghana's offensive line effectively with his hold-up play and relentless runs.

He provided support for his teammates in challenging situations.

Substitutes:

Jordan Ayew - 7

Jordan Ayew made a significant impact for Ghana, scoring a 90th-minute winner from a rebound.

Despite playing only 11 minutes, he was among the standout performers. He nearly assisted Partey before his goal, setting up the Arsenal midfielder for a one-on-one with the goalkeeper, which was not converted.

Abdul Fatawu Issahaku - 5

Fatawu played a key role in creating the second goal with a strong press, winning the ball and managing to pass it to Jordan to finish, despite being tripped in the box.

Abdul Mumin - 5

Mumin came on for Alidu Seidu and picked up where he left off, contributing more to the offence with his progressive play.

Ibrahim Sulemana - N/A

Elisha Owusu - N/A

Comments:
This article has 25 comment(s), give your comment
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
CVS Silent About 87¢ ED meds - Find Out Why
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
"Stranded with Dead Gadgets? Portable Power to the Rescue!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
The All-New Buick Enclave Is Turning Heads - Take A Look
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
News
We pray Ghana never gets another President like Akufo-Addo - Krontihene of Akyem Asuom
Business
Prof. Steve Hanke criticises John Mahama's plan to renegotiate Ghana's IMF deal
Entertainment
Mahama donates GH¢5,000 at actress Mercy Little Smith’s one-week funeral observation
Africa
Kenyans decry continued abduction of government critics
Opinions
The acrimonious contest for superiority between Prophet Badu Kobi and Prophet Owusu Bempah?
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Kudus-4-Jordan-7-Black-Stars-player-ratings-after-2-1-win-over-Mali-1934597 
 ----- 
