 
LIVE TV
Sports
Pak vs Aus: Babar Azam responds to Pakistan-Australia series
"Many positives to take from my team and my heartiest gratitude to our passionate fans.Thank you!" Babar Azam says
By
Sports Desk
|

April 06, 2022

Pakistan's captain Babar Azam (R) plays a shot as Australia´s wicketkeeper Josh Inglis (L) looks during the Twenty20 international cricket match between Pakistan and Australia at the Gaddafi Cricket Stadium in Lahore on April 5, 2022. — AFP

LAHORE: Australia's visit to Pakistan had its ups and downs for the home team as they managed to win the three-match ODI series against the Aussies but lost the Test and T20I series.

But skipper Babar Azam did not let his hopes down and thanked the Australian team for touring Pakistan and providing the players with an opportunity to play with one of the best teams on their home ground.

"It was a pleasure playing against one of the best cricketing sides in our homeland," the skipper said, whose sensational century took Pakistan to an ODI series win against Australia in 20 years.

"I hope and look forward to many such tours in near future. Many positives to take from my team and my heartiest gratitude to our passionate fans. Thank you!" he added.

Meanwhile, after Pakistan lost the one-match T20I series against Australia, Babar Azam said that he will spend time with his family now that the series was over.

Read more: Imam-ul-Haq makes his way to top 3 in ICC ODI batting rankings

Speaking during an online press conference, Babar said that he would get back in the game after Ramadan as he will be focusing on his family and praying during the holy month.

Talking about the series, Babar said that there have been ups and downs.

He said that there are good players in the middle order who will be given opportunities, adding that there is still time in the World Cup and assured that Pakistan will come up with a good combination.

 
Second Test: Pakistan look to stabilise after losing early wickets to South Africa
 
Messi misses Presidential Medal ceremony with Biden
 
Australia beat India 3-1 to clinch first Border-Gavaskar Trophy in decade
 
Hundreds of runners participating in second Karachi marathon
PAK vs SA: Pakistan's wickets fall in quick succession as Day 2 play ends
Saim Ayub ruled out of second South Africa Test
Second Test: South Africa 316/4 at stumps as Rickelton dominates day 1
Saim Ayub twists his ankle during fielding in second South Africa Test
Ravi Shastri suggests Rohit Sharma may retire from Test cricket
Aamer Jamal dropped for second Test against South Africa
Australia axe Marsh, call-up Webster for fifth India Test
South Africa seeking ruthless edge against Pakistan in second Test

Copyright © 2025. Geo Television Network. All Rights Reserved. | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.geo.tv/latest/409920-pak-vs-aus-babar-azam-responds-to-pakistan-australia-series 
 ----- 
