Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Skenes caps brilliant rookie season with strikeout and a smile in Bronx
Share
Skenes caps brilliant rookie season with strikeout and a smile in Bronx
September 28th, 2024

Alex Stumpf

@AlexJStumpf
Share

0:07

1:41

NEW YORK -- Paul Skenes’ smile told the whole story.

The Pirates' rookie right-hander had only two innings before he was going to be pulled from his final start of the season. The semi-fluid innings target for his first full professional season was the 155-165 range, and his two scoreless innings in the Pirates’ 9-4 win over the Yankees on Saturday put him at 160 1/3 between his time in Triple-A and the Majors.

But those two innings at Yankee Stadium, with girlfriend Livvy Dunne in attendance, were quite the exclamation point. After catching Juan Soto looking and Aaron Judge swinging in the first, Skenes finished his rookie campaign with a 99.6 mph fastball that caught the low inside corner to retire Jazz Chisholm Jr.

Skenes is almost always stoic on the mound, unflinching whether he has struck out the side or allowed a home run. Walking back to the visitor’s clubhouse this time, he was grinning ear to ear.

What a cap for a historic season.

“Definitely glad to be able to finish the season and be able to do it here,” Skenes said. “Cool to do it against this lineup. So [I] wish I could keep going, but that's where we're at."

Related
Pirates avoid arb, agree to '25 contracts with four players (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bucs agree to 1-year deal with LHP Ferguson (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bob Veale, 1971 World Series champ with Pirates, dies at 89

January 8th, 2025

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Here is your Pirates' All-Quarter Century team

December 21st, 2024

Skenes sits down: Flamethrower talks rookie stardom in Q&A

November 27th, 2024

Skenes’ rookie campaign will go down as one of the best ever for a Pirates pitcher, if not for any rookie pitcher. He finished with an 11-3 record, a 1.96 ERA, a 0.95 WHIP and 170 strikeouts over 133 innings pitched, an effort that should keep him at the heart of the National League Rookie of the Year discussion this offseason.

Skenes admits he hasn’t put much thought into being the Rookie of the Year to this point. That’ll probably change in the coming weeks.

“To have a sub-two ERA in his first year, especially in today's era, that's pretty special,” said manager Derek Shelton. “I think we're seeing a guy that's really elite, has the ability to make pitches and has room for growth. I think that's really fun for Pirates fans, if that's the case."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Shelton has more than two decades’ worth of Major League coaching experience, mainly with Cleveland and Tampa Bay. In that time, he saw plenty of great pitchers, including prime CC Sabathia, David Price and Chris Archer.

"That's a pretty good list of guys,” Shelton said, “and I would put him [Skenes] right at the top of that."

Getting Skenes through this first season in a position where he could continue to excel while setting him up for 2025 is certainly a huge win for the Pirates. There were grumbles when Skenes started the year with Triple-A Indianapolis, but that was to help him build up more gradually in his first full professional season.

When Skenes checked the boxes the club wanted to see, it called him up in mid-May, enough time where he could still be in a position to get a full year of service time if he finished in the top two for Rookie of the Year -- a virtual guarantee at this point -- while putting him in position to be the biggest arm in a talented rotation moving forward. It’s a win-win for both parties.

“We didn't know if it was going to be perfect,” Shelton said about the workload management plan. “I don't think anybody did. I realized people were going to be critical because they wanted to see him. We wanted to make sure we ramped him up. Even today, he finished the season strong. He finished the season on the mound. Overall, I think it stands out that it worked out pretty well."

Reflecting on the year that was, Skenes agreed that the plan did go pretty close to perfectly. Now he’s in a better position to just “take the ball and pitch” next year rather than have the looming cloud of innings totals hanging over him all season.

“We got right to where the innings threshold was,” Skenes said. “So frustrating first couple of months, but glad to be able to do what I did this year."

Skenes sees “some low-hanging fruit for me to be better [at] next year,” and that’s his new focus as he prepares for that 2025 campaign. Skenes’ season went about as well as anyone had hoped. What does a successful encore look like in his eyes?

"Win a lot of baseball games,” he answered.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates
Paul Skenes

Alex Stumpf covers the Pirates for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/paul-skenes-pitches-2-perfect-innings-vs-yankees-in-2024-finale 
 ----- 
