skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Sunday, Jan 05, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketBangladesh vs Afghanistan Highlights, World Cup 2023: Bangladesh stroll to six-wicket victory
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan Highlights, World Cup 2023: Bangladesh stroll to six-wicket victory
BAN vs AFG Highlights, World Cup 2023: Opener Rahmanullah Gurbaz top-scored for Afghanistan with a 62-ball 47 in an otherwise ordinary outing with the bat.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: October 7, 2023 23:03 IST
Follow Us
Bangladesh's batter Najmul Hossain Shanto and Mushfiqur Rahim celebrate after winning the match against Afghanistan during the ICC Men's World Cup 2023, at HPCA Stadium, in Dharamshala, Saturday, Oct. 7, 2023. (PTI Photo)

Bangladesh vs Afghanistan World Cup 2023 Highlights: Bangladesh bowled out Afghanistan for 156 in their ICC World Cup opener on Saturday. Bangladesh skipper Shakib Al Hasan won the toss and opted to field first and the decision was vindicated by his bowlers’ impressive performance at the picturesque venue.

Opener Rahmanullah Gurbaz top-scored for Afghanistan with a 62-ball 47 in an otherwise ordinary outing with the bat.

Shakib and Mehidy Hasan Miraz were the most successful bowlers for Bangladesh, picking up three wickets each as the Afghan innings folded in 37.2 overs. Follow highlights from the BAN vs AFG match below 

Match Ended
ICC Cricket World Cup, 2023 - Match 3
Bangladesh
158/4 (34.4)
vs
Afghanistan
156 (37.2)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 3 )
Bangladesh beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan, World Cup 2023 Highlights: Follow highlights from the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium in Dharamsala. 
17:06 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Hashmatullah Shahidi speaks

"We had a good start, but we had bad shot selections after that. I think we fought well, but the score wasn't good enough. Looking forward to the next game. Need to learn from our mistakes, need to make sure it doesn't happen again," says Hashmatullah Shahidi.

17:01 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Hashmatullah Shahidi speaks

"We had a good start, but we had bad shot selections after that. I think we fought well, but the score wasn't good enough. Looking forward to the next game. Need to learn from our mistakes, need to make sure it doesn't happen again," says Hashmatullah Shahidi.

16:42 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Shakib Al Hasan speaks

"Very happy with the way we played. We believed if we got a wicket, we could come back in. Wasn't easy for few players, but happy with the way we batted and bowled. We have been practising here. We need to adapt to these things (tough outfields) if we want to win. We got three, four fast bowlers, they can change any game and I hope they will bowl well in the upcoming games, it's a long tournament. He (Mehidy) has been playing very well. Shanto is another one in the dressing room, they always want to perform well for the team," says Shakib Al Hasan

16:35 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Player of the Match Mehedi Hasan Miraz speaks

"It’s a great moment for me, I’ve done a lot of hard work in the past. But the credit also must go to team management for believing in me. I was a bit cautious, the captain told me to bowl in the right areas. He told me to be consistent and to focus on my own performance so credit to the captain. I didn’t look at the runs. Wicket was turning a bit, I just tried to play straight. I’ve always batted at no 8 so a great moment for me to bat at the top of the order. They tried me at the top of the order in the last few matches and it’s a great moment for me," says Mehedi Hasan Miraz.

16:29 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Next up for Afghanistan are India

Bangladesh close the inevitable. It has been for some time. Despite the early wickets, the Afghanistan spinners not finding the awkward bounce which their Bangladesh counterparts did and a selection of over ambitious shots have proved to be the difference between the two sides. Afghanistan skipper Hashmatullah Shahidi had suggested that the poor World Cup campaigns of 2015 and 2019 were a thing of past. Saturday barely suggested otherwise. Up next for them? India in Delhi. (From Rahul Pandey)

16:23 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: BANGLADESH WIN BY SIX WICKETS

That's that! 

The Bangladeshi team have strolled to a win in their opening encounter. They have put the controversy over players not making the cut for the World Cup behidn them by winning their first match.

Chasing 156, they had half centuries from Miraz (57) and Shanto (59 not out) to thank for the win. 

16:21 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: FIFTY!!!

Shanto finally gets to his 50!! It came off 80 balls.

But more importantly, one of the most consistent players in the team now has a half century to their name in the opener of the World Cup. 

16:20 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: GONE!!!!

With just 11 runs to win, Shakib Al Hasan tries to pull the ball for a maxuimum. But he doesn't fully get hold of it, and the ball ends in the hands of Fazalhaq Farooqi. Azmatullah Omarzai gets the scalp of Shakib for 14 runs.

After 33.3 overs, Bangladesh are 146/4

15:59 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: After 30 overs, Bangladesh are 132/3

Bangladesh need 25 runs to win from 120 balls.

Despite Miraz's wicket, the win is still in sight for Bangladesh thansk to Shanto, who is approaching the 50-run milestone. He's currently batting on 44 with Shakib for company in the middle. 

15:53 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: OUT!!!

Mehidy Hasan Miraz tries to go for a shot but Rahmat Shah pulls off a wild one-handed catch in the circle which you will definitely see in the highlight reel of the tournament. Rahmat just took two quick steps behind and plucked the ball out of air.  

As Naveen-ul-Haq and the Aghan team celebrate the bangladesh team has called for a DRS. 

The review confirms what we all saw. It's out! 

Mehidy Hasan Miraz is out for 57 runs (off 73 balls). Five boundaries in that knock.

15:36 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: OUT? BUT NO!!!

Miraz is given out LBW at 50. But it turns out that the ball had taken the edge and the decision is overturned! 

The Aghan team is disappointed. They almost had their third scalp. 

15:22 (IST)
07 OCT 2023

Bangladesh are going along nicely now after a bit of a shaky start. So far it has been about wickets and dropped catches. Miraz has been the luckiest with two lives after his uppers cut to deep third off Naveen’s third ball of the over almost led to a wicket but Mujeeb, who attempted a one-handed catch, dropped it. Score after 20 overs, BAN: 91/2

15:05 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Partnership goes past 50

Najmul Hossain Shanto and Mehidy Hasan Miraz's rearguard action has brought the Bangladesh team back in the game after a rocky start to the innings. Rashid Khan is Afghanistan's crucial weapon, and after setting Bangladesh a modest target of 157 runs, it's essential for him to take wickets to make something special happen in this match. In this way, Afghanistan can stage a comeback in the game. Score after 15 overs, BAN: 74/2

14:42 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: 'Kohli, Kohli' chants greets Naveen-ul-Haq

A good section of the home crowd in Dharamsala have been waiting for this for a while now. Just as they see the change in bowling from Afghanistan, out come the 'Kohli, Kohli' chants. It's Naveen-ul-Haq who has come in to bowl. The attendance today is around 50 percent. Afghanistan next play India in Delhi, at Kohli's home ground. One can only imagine what the scenes would be then.

14:41 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Catch dropped and DRS wasted

Mehidy Hasan Miraz gets a life as Najibullah drops him at point. One ball later, it gets even worse as Shanto is struck on the pads and Afghanistan review for a lbw! But there was an edge before it hit the pad. So poor from the Afghans. A change in bowling thereafter, Naveen-ul-Haq, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack. Score after 9 overs, BAN: 39/2

14:29 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: THATS OUT!! Bowled

Two wickets in succession for the Afghans as Litton Das gets an inside edge to get bowled! Several Afghan batters had also chopped it on and this time it is Das. Fazalhaq Farooqi celebrates in delight. Do Afghanistan smell a chance ? Score after 7 overs, BAN: 27/2

14:23 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Gone! BAN lose first wicket

It is a run-out! Litton Das with a yes-call and Tanzid ran down the ground full steam. But then suddenly Das changed his mind and Tanzid had to turn back. He tries to reach the crease but the direct-hit from Najibullah is enough to do the damage. Score after 5 overs, BAN: 22/1

14:08 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Back with the run chase

Tanzid Hasan and Litton Das are at the crease. Tanzid Hasan is on strike. Fazalhaq Farooqi will open the attack. And a four in the first over from the bat of Tanzid Hasan. Afghans are going all out and Mujeeb Ur Rahman, right-arm off break, comes into the attack. He too concedes two fours in his first over and Litton Das is up and running. Score after 2 overs, BAN: 15/0

13:29 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Ignominious end to the innings

Afghanistan are bowled out well within the 50 overs as they are all out for 156 in 37.1 overs. It was only a matter of time after Rashid's departure as the last three fell in a span of two overs. The pitch was a bit tricky to bat on but there were no devils out there. Poor shot selection from Afghan batters it must be said. Fantastic bowling by the Bangla Tigers led by their captain.

13:15 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Big moment in the game

Rashid Khan is gone for just 9! Oh dear... this is not what Afghanistan wanted. Just when it seemed like they were making a recovery, Mehidy Hasan Miraz gets the crucial wicket of Rashid who gets an inside edge and the ball hits the stumps. Afghanistan consistently loosing wickets. From 83/1 to 150/7 , what a downfall. 

13:06 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: AFG recover but slowly

Bangladesh are very much on top in Dharamsala! Can Afghanistan squeeze a few more runs out to defend with? Couple of decent overs for the afghans in the last three overs. Rashid Khan and Azmatullah Omarzai are in the middle. One good thing for Afghans is that Azmatullah is reading Shakib very well.  They are currently 145/6 after 33 overs

12:52 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Taskin disturbs the timber

Shakib strikes again to get rid off Najibulla and Afghanistan lose half their side. But that is not all, in the next over - Taskin Ahmed strikes to get rid off, Nabi. Both batters have made the same mistake of playing on the backfoot and playing inside the line. Poor judgements. And suddenly the scoreboard looks very poor. After 30 ovs AFG are 126/6

12:38 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Gone ! Afghans are four down

The well-set Gurbaz is gone for 47(62). He made the effort ot step down the wicket at Mustafizur but the bowler made a slight change in line and length and pace and bowled it wide and gets the wicket. Tanzid takes a good catch. Zero runs from the over and that means back-to-back wicket-maidens. The pressure is building up. After 26 ovs AFG are 112/4

12:29 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: 'It's coming your way boys'

Mushfiqur Rahim egging his bowlers, "It's coming your way boys. He's looking for it Miraz." This, for Rahmanullah Gurbaz, who has prized his wicket as much as his captain - who's batting at the other end - team coach, Jonathan Trott and childhood coach Mohammad Khan Zadran would want him to. “In the beginning, he used to bat in both T20 and One Day the same way. I told him, ‘You have the shots but value your wicket more. Don’t go for big hits every time. Udhar maarte, idhar maarte, ek do shot ko leke chalo (Don’t go for extravagant shots every time).’ ODI is a game of singles-doubles,” Zadran had told The Indian Express of the conversation he had with his ward. Today, he's become that little bit more cautious after the fall of the second wicket going from 34 (35) to 47 (60). His caution though hasn't been replicated from the batters at the other end. Going for big shots and gifting their wickets to Bangladesh has Gurbaz dejected at the other end. After Rahmat Shah's miscued sweep, he'd shaken his head in disbelief. Captain Hashmatullah Shahidi's failed go over wide long on was met with a throw of the bat and the helmet.

12:28 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: WICKET

Mehidy Hasan Miraz snares Hashmatullah Shahidi for 18 off 38. Just what Bangladesh needed. Shahidi had to go big and lost his wicket and the Bangladeshis are building the pressure. 

12:19 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: 100 up for Afghans

FOUR! And the pressure that was building up gets reduced a bit as Shahidi pulls this through mid-wicket. 100 up for Afghanistan! Another one of those days when a national cricket team is playing two matches simultaneously at the same time but at two different places. Afghanistan vs India at Asian Games, and Afghanistan vs Bangladesh at World Cup. After 23 overs AFG are 106/2

12:00 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Afghanistan spin trident

The way things have gone so far looks like spin is going to play a huge part today and Afghanistan has three spinners on their side. If they can get to a par score since it is a day match and there will be now problem of dew Afghanistan might look to defend the total that is made. However for that to happen Gurbaz needs to play through the innings and make a massive score which he does so often for Afghanistan when gets himself in  After 18.3 AFG overs 88/2

11:52 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Shakib picks up his second wicket of the day

It is a very identical dismissal to the first one. Rahmat Shah tried to slog sweep the ball and got the top edge for Litton to take a simple catch. The wicket falls after the drinks break again and it is the Bangladesh skipper who is doing the damage. Rahmat similar to Zadran got a start and has departed now. Gurbaz is batting nicely at the other end the Afghanistan batters need to support him. This wicket is gripping a bit hence a good score might be a 280. After 16 AFG overs 84/2

11:39 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Shakib bringing in bowlers back for second spells

Shakib has been super impressive with his captaincy in the recently concluded Asia Cup. He has utilized his bowling resources brilliantly and he is looking sharp here again. He realised the wicket was a touch on the slower side and he took off the seamers early and brought himself on and got the breakthrough. And now the ball is a bit scuffed up and he is bringing in his seamers for second spells. However, the problem has been the bowlers themselves who are not hitting the right areas with the ball. After 14 AFG overs 74/1

11:30 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: The surface on the slower side

This does not look like a usual Dharmshala surface. It is a touch on the slower side. Shakib is getting a bit of a grip on the surface and Mustafizur also is bowling in slower ones which are working. It is an interesting selection call from Bangladesh to pick Mustafizur over Hasan. Hasan is more of a bowler who is more of a wicket-tacker with the new ball while Mustafizur is more of a death bowling specialist. Hasan was super impressive in the recently concluded Asia Cup 2023 but the team management seems to look the other way. After 11.4 AFG overs 60/1

11:19 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Shakib picks up Ibrahim Zadran

The skipper does it again for Bangladesh. Zadran tried to play a slog sweep and could not get the timing right as the ball just looped in the air for the fielder to take a simple catch. This still is a very good start for Afghanistan. Rahmat Shah has walked into the middle he too is technically a good batter. Gurbaz and Shah would be looking to build a good partnership here as this wicket is still excellent for batting. Mustafizur is operating from the other end and the ball seems to come a tad bit slowly. After 9.4 AFG overs 49/1

11:10 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Spin too early

Bangladesh seems to have missed the trick here. The fast bowlers were a tad bit too short or bowling wide outside the off-stump which did not help them. Hence Shakib has had to bring himself early into the attack which is not ideal. Generally, Dharmshala tends to swing more with the new ball and Bangladesh has let Afghanistan off the hook here. Gurbaz and Zadran are well set now and will be looking to capitalize on the good start they had. After 7.5 AFG overs 47/0

10:57 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Match-up to watch out for

Nice bit of mini battle building up between Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Shoriful Islam. Gurbaz has hit first. That flick shot was the maiden boundary of the game. The left arm quick has made the ball come back in to the right handers but on first sighting of width outside off, the Afghan opener gets on top of the bounce to punch it through the 28m gap between point and cover. Shoriful bangs in a short one and Gurbaz has to dodge as it whizzes past his helmet. Surely more to come from the two. Reports Rahul Pandey from Dharmshala

10:49 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Swing on offer

No questions about the surface on offer - different from most around the country. "It's one the Indian players are always wary of playing on, owing to the grass covering," an HPCA official had told The Indian Express yesterday. Both Taskin Ahmed and Shoriful Islam have found the movement in the powerplay. So far so good from the Afghan openers though. Gurbaz picks the left armer's inswinger on the pads with immaculate precision to flick down mid wicket for four. Reports Rahul Pandey from Dharmshala

10:43 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Rain effect on outfield

"When the ball went to the players in the deep (during practice) it bobbled a lot (in the outfield)," mentions Nasser Hussain on the comms. Matthew Hayden has seen a bit of activity near the bowler's run up as well. "See the footmarks there from Taskin, when he took off with his run up, right above his marker a bit of sand exploded from the surface." A couple of days back, one of the Afghanistan fielders had slipped while running by the boundary line for one of the fielding drills. It's been a question asked of the HPCA Stadium in the lead up to the tournament. Excess of rainfall hasn't given the ground staff ample time to prepare the best possible outfield. One can see holes in between the grass line all around the boundary reports Rahul Pandey from Dharmshala

10:40 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Taskin takes the new ball

Taskin Ahmed has taken the new ball for Bangladesh and the ball is not moving from this end. The ball is coming nicely onto the bat and Zardran is looking good touch. For Afghanistan to have a successful campaign both Zardran and Gurbaz are key as they score the bulk of the runs. For Bangladesh, Shorifull has taken the ball from the other end and he too is a very good bowler with the new ball. If Afghanistan can get through this new ball then there are runs to be had. After 1.3 AFG overs 6/0

10:31 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: National anthems done

We are in one of the most scenic grounds in the world of cricket and it is a good pitch expect plenty of runs. Bangladesh bowlers do have some brilliant bowlers to exploit with the new ball. Don't go anywhere stay with us to catch all the updates. 

10:21 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: No Noor Ahmed for Afghanistan

Rahul Pandey from Dharmshala: No Noor Ahmed for Afghanistan with a visible spread of the grass on the strip here. But Afghanistan have the likes of Naveen-ul-Haq and Fazalhaq Farooqi to lead the pace attack with Azmatullah Omarzai offering medium pace services. Don't forget even without Noor, Afghanistan have Rashid Khan and Mujeeb Ur Rahman as their lead spinners, and Mohammad Nabi as a third. It's a luxury the current Afghanistan team have - a variety of bowling options - and one that makes skipper Hashmatullah Shahidi more optimistic of their chances than 2015 and 2019.

10:11 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Shakib speaks on his longevity

Your fifth World Cup, how do you feel about that?" asked Michael Atherton to the Bangladesh captain at the toss. Shakib Al Hasan couldn't help but blush and giggle on the mic. It is a testament to his longevity in international cricket. Even with all the chaos of Bangladesh captains being sacked every now and then, their star all-rounder stands tall. He was in-charge when India last hosted the ODI World Cup back in 2011 as he is 12 years later. And it's not like he's slowing down. The last edition of the tournament saw Shakib score a staggering 606 runs in eight games to add to his 11 wickets.

10:09 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Afghanistan Playing XI

Rahmanullah Gurbaz(w), Ibrahim Zadran, Rahmat Shah, Hashmatullah Shahidi(c), Mohammad Nabi, Najibullah Zadran, Azmatullah Omarzai, Rashid Khan, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Naveen-ul-Haq, Fazalhaq Farooqi

10:08 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Bangladesh Playing XI

Tanzid Hasan, Litton Das, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Shakib Al Hasan(c), Mushfiqur Rahim(w), Towhid Hridoy, Mahmudullah, Taskin Ahmed, Shoriful Islam, Mustafizur Rahman

10:04 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Toss time

Bangladesh win the toss and opt to field first. "Generally it is a ground where the team chases well. Some help for the seamers first up and we would like to capitalize on that. I am happy that I am representing my country for the fifth time in the World Cup. We have to focus on our skills and not think too much. We have the team to do well." - says Shakib at the toss

10:00 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: 'Be careful in the outfield'

Nasseer Hussain and Matthew Hayden bring news from the centre and they say that the pitch is not quite central. A very hard surface and a lot of grass. It has had more bounce as compared to the other venues in India. Really good spattering of grass and that helps the ball to come on. However, the duo have raised concerns about the outfield where the grass is a bit uneven.

09:45 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Head to head records

There have been 15 games between Bangladesh and Afghanistan out of which Bangladesh has won 9 and Afghanistan has won 6. So today's encounter is more or less evenly matched. 

09:38 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: WC caravan breathes new life into Dharamsala

Not too far from the second entrance of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium (HPCA), one can spot a colossal deep blue-and-pink-coloured hoarding with the logo of the 2023 ODI World Cup.

“It takes one day,” reads the text beside the gold and silver trophy. It’s an apt phrase for the mood around Dharamsala and the state of Himachal Pradesh. The sight of logistics equipment being unloaded from carriers by few of the hundreds of workers stationed at the venue has an uplifting effect on the locals.

Not that long ago, torrential rains in the state had cut its golden lifeline, tourism. Even though Dharamsala wasn’t as badly impacted as some of the other regions in the state, videos in social media showing miles of road blockages, bridges collapsing, landslides from elsewhere hardly helped. One Day (cricket) has breathed new life into the picturesque city.

Gurpreet Singh, owner of M/S Harbans Singh Harbhajan Singh, a 30-year-old distribution firm, is expecting a threefold increase in business from what it was in the last two months. “There’s the wedding and festive season up ahead and cricket has come as a boon for us. It’s a pivotal moment for the economics of Dharamsala,” he tells The Indian Express. (READ MORE)

09:38 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Afghanistanâ€™s Dhoni fan with a zidd carves out a national image

The town of Khost in south-eastern Afghanistan is separated by more than 1800 kms from Ranchi, the capital of Jharkhand, India. The stories of the two cities’ favorite sons however, are closer. Like MS Dhoni, Rahmanullah Gurbaz doted on football, playing goalkeeper in the friendly street games. Like his cricketing idol, once exposed to the game, keeping-batting became Gurbaz’s obsession. Owner of an extensive motorbike collection? Not really, this one’s a fan of fast cars but we can let that slide for the sake of romance. More importantly, just like the former Indian skipper, Gurbaz’s liking of the sport was met with reservations back home. But first, a moment of discovery.

09:33 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Rashid Khan dazzles in Dharamsala

The sun is beating down at the HPCA Stadium. The Dhauladhar Himalayan range, in all its magnificence, stands witness. It is the venue most are craving to visit during the 2023 World Cup. But the Afghanistan national team is the first one to grace the green. There is a tingling excitement among the few present to witness them train. Just then, a groundstaff member’s phone rings. Picking it up in haste, he despondently utters, “Lage huye hai yaar, Rashid Bhai de naal ek photo leni hai. (Still trying. Have to take a photo with Rashid Bhai.)” A photo is all most of them need; with one Rashid Khan. But they have to wait. Right now, the Afghan wizard is pumped up for the fielding drills. (READ MORE)

09:30 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Bangla fans flock to the stadium

Bangladesh head coach Chandika Hathurusingha spoke on Friday about a lot of the Bangladesh fans not being able to come to Dharamsala for the team's opening match. "It's a long way to come here but it's a beautiful place to come. Whoever comes though, will have a great time." Tanvir Ahmed is the head of the Bangladesh Supporters' Association and leading the largest contingent of the national team fans in India. This, his sixth World Cup experience following up from South Africa 2023. Looking forward to watch most of the national team games, he's only concerned about one thing. "There's too much security in India, which is needed also but all the other places - New Zealand, England and Australia - are a lot more liberal. Here it's like, 'You can't take power banks inside. You can't take water bottles."

09:20 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Students in attendance

The opener isn't expected to be housefull affair by any means but a queue of 150 students from the Achievers Hub Public School are among the first group to enter the HPCA Stadium. The local association has also stated they'll be kicking off the World Cup on the auspicious note of 'Kanya Pujan', a Hindu holy ritual of worshipping girls.

Caption
09:19 (IST)
07 OCT 2023
Bangladesh vs Afghanistan LIVE: Hello and Welcome

Good morning folks! In match 3 of this World Cup, Bangladesh vs Afghanistan lock horns and both teams stand equal chances. It will be good for Bangladesh if they give enough opportunity to Mustafizur who has found his rhythm back recently. Liton das hasn't been in good form and Shanto has been giving them good starts. Afghanistan batting depends on opening pair Gurbaz and Zadran. Spin trio Nabi, Mujeeb, Rashid will also hold the key. Stay tuned as we build up towards the live match.

(From L-R) Gurpreet Singh, owner of M/S Harbans Singh Harbhajan Singh.; Rajesh Guleri at his food cart near the HPCA Stadium. (Express Photo)

World Cup 2023: WC caravan breathes new life into Dharamsala

Not too far from the second entrance of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium (HPCA), one can spot a colossal deep blue-and-pink-coloured hoarding with the logo of the 2023 ODI World Cup.

“It takes one day,” reads the text beside the gold and silver trophy. It’s an apt phrase for the mood around Dharamsala and the state of Himachal Pradesh. The sight of logistics equipment being unloaded from carriers by few of the hundreds of workers stationed at the venue has an uplifting effect on the locals.

Not that long ago, torrential rains in the state had cut its golden lifeline, tourism. Even though Dharamsala wasn’t as badly impacted as some of the other regions in the state, videos in social media showing miles of road blockages, bridges collapsing, landslides from elsewhere hardly helped. One Day (cricket) has breathed new life into the picturesque city. (READ MORE)

Read more World Cup 2023 stories below.

Cricket World Cup: ‘Grateful that I never chased my childhood dream’: Tabraiz Shamsi on his obsession with pace bowling

2023 WC: Afghanistan cricket need not worry about 2019 world cup anymore, says captain Hashmatullah Shahidi ahead of 2023 opener

Rahmanullah Gurbaz: Afghanistan’s Dhoni fan with a zidd carves out a national image

Shubman Gill not yet ruled out of India’s World Cup opener against Australia, to be monitored on a ‘day-to-day basis’: Rahul Dravid

World Cup 2023: For Netherlands vs Pakistan in Hyderabad, a dash of orange and a splash of support for Babar Azam

New Zealand put down early marker, Rachin Ravindra & Devon Conway hit tons as holders England thrashed in opener

New Zealand win one-sided World Cup opener, stadium far from full: Are ODIs dying?, ask fans

Mickey Arthur hopes ‘The Pakistan Way’ can win the 2023 World Cup

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 07-10-2023 at 09:10 IST
TAGS:
2023 World Cup
Bangladesh Vs Afghanistan
Cricket World Cup
ODI World Cup 2023
Rashid Khan
Shakib Al Hasan
World Cup Live
World Cup Live Score
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
South Korean Protesters Brave Cold To Demand Yoon’s Ouster As Detention Deadline Looms
Usha Uthup Turns Heads With Her Kanjeevaram Sneakers: ‘Fashion Is About Comfort’
Indian-Origin Tech Firms Corner 1/5th Of H-1B Visas Issued By US
52 Villages Allege Violation Of Forest Rights Act: Centre Steps In, Asks Madhya Pradesh To Probe Forced Evictions From Durgavati Tiger Reserve
Actor Allu Arjun Appears Before Police In Stampede Death Case
Hamas Releases Video Claiming To Show Israeli Hostage Held Since 2023 Attack
Govt Launches 2 Special Categories Visas For International Students
MHA Introduces 2 Special Categories Visas For International Students
Tripura Rolls Out Awareness Campaign On Drug Abuse, Road Safety For College Students
Deepika Padukone And Shah Rukh Khan: The Modern-Day Raj And Simran
Sunil Gavaskar Upset That He Wasn’t Called To Hand Over Border-Gavaskar Trophy To Australia
Biden’s Decision To Block Nippon Steel Takeover Creates Uncertainty For US Steel Workers
Daaku Maharaaj Trailer: Nandamuri Balakrishna Looks Stylish And Exudes Swag In A Promising Action Drama
Caught On Camera, Two Police Constables Suspended For Collecting Money From Shopkeepers
Seven-Year-Old Boy From Zimbabwe Survives 5 Days In Lion-Infested African Park
Revised Karnataka Bus Fares Come Into Effect, Airport Tickets To Cost Over Rs 300
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/bangladesh-vs-afghanistan-live-score-world-cup-2023-3rd-match-ban-vs-afg-scorecard-latest-updates-dharamsala-8971785/ 
 ----- 
