Light
Home
Live Scores
Tests
ODIs
T20
Countries
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Sri Lanka news: Dasun Shanaka ‘proud of the boys’ after super over loss
James Richardson
13 Feb 2022

Sri Lanka scrapped their way to a tied Twenty20 International against Australia only to lose in a super over.

Australia skipper Aaron Finch lamented a mixed performance from his team both with the bat and the ball.

A blow to the head for Steve Smith could see him miss out on matches down the line, as his place in the T20 side is questioned.

Josh Hazlewood came through in the clutch for Australia with a great over before Marcus Stoinis knocked off the runs and gave the hosts a 2-0 series lead.

Speaking after the match Finch said: “It was great to get the win.

“Pretty sloppy overall though.

“I think we got away with one there.

“I was pretty confident in Josh Hazlewood.

“It was a sloppy performance in the field. We bowled some great overs, we bowled some poor overs.”

Ad

Sri Lanka skipper Dasun Shanaka was philosophical on the defeat, despite feeling they should have restricted Australia to less than 164.

“At the start we bowled well but I think we gave away 10 runs extra in the first innings,” Shanaka said.

“In the second phase we lost too many wickets early on.”

Shanaka was thrilled to see his team show some fight against the world champions.

Ad

The skipper singled out Pathum Nissanka for special praise after his knock of 73.

“The boys showed the character,” he added.

“These youngsters take the fight on.

“I’m really impressed by the performance.

“Nissanka is a world class player,” he said.

Hazlewood said that he just tried to keep things simple in the super over where he conceded just five runs.

“I just kept a nice clear mind,” said Hazlewood.

“Had a chat with Finchy and came up with a plan of what I wanted to do. The confidence is high at the moment and nice to execute.”

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Latest News
1 minute ago
Australia
England
Ryan Rickelton’s 259 now among 9 highest Test scores for South Africa
16 hours ago
Home page
South Africa
South Africa’s 615 joins the 5 highest Test totals at Newlands
03 Jan 2025
Home page
South Africa
Who were 2025’s first 5 debutants in Test cricket?
02 Jan 2025
Afghanistan
Australia
Is Kwena Maphaka South Africa’s youngest Test cricket debutant?
01 Jan 2025
Home page
South Africa
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Cricket365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricket365.com/t20-cricket/sri-lanka-news-dasun-shanaka-proud-of-the-boys-after-super-over-loss 
 ----- 
