Yahoo Sport
Search query
Sign in
Sport
NRL
AFL
Tennis
Cricket
Football
Rugby
Motorsport
Golf
Basketball
NFL
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
…
Yahoo Sport Australia
Australia rocked by 'scary' Steve Smith incident in second T20
Sam Goodwin
Sports Editor
Mon, 14 Feb 2022·4-min read
Steve Smith was concussed after landing on his head in the second T20 against Sri Lanka. Image: Fox Sports/Getty

Steve Smith has been ruled out for the remainder of the T20 series against Sri Lanka after suffering a nasty concussion at the SCG on Sunday night.

Smith dived over the boundary in an attempt to save a six in the final over of Sri Lanka's innings in the second T20, but landed heavily on his head.

'SHOCKING TO SEE': IPL auction rocked by 'horrible' moment

BRUTAL: Steve Smith cops staggering snub in $100m IPL frenzy

The former Aussie captain managed to catch the ball and flick it back into the field of play, however his foot touched the boundary rope before he jumped - making it a six.

To make matters worse for Smith he was left writhing in pain on the ground after appearing to land directly on his temple.

Captain Pat Cummins and teammate Glenn Maxwell immediately rushed to Smith's aid before medical staff came to see him.

“Smith’s in all sorts of trouble,” Fox Cricket commentator Mark Howard said.

“Steve Smith has come down really, really hard here.”

Smith managed to return to his feet a short time later, but had to be taken from the field.

Steve Smith leaves the field of play after hitting his head in the second T20 against Sri Lanka. (Photo by Mark Metcalfe - CA/Cricket Australia via Getty Images)

Cricket Australia said they would not look to bring a replacement into the squad, with the Aussies hoping to add to their 2-0 lead when they play in Canberra on Tuesday.

"It all happened pretty quickly and whenever someone dives and doesn't get up it's a concern," Josh Hazlewood said.

"It's good to see him walking around now and he's walking around the changing room now.

"The early signs are good and I guess the medicos will make their call and assess him later."

Cricket Australia are expected to take every precaution with Smith, who suffered concussion after being hit by a bouncer during the 2019 Ashes series in England.

omg, hope he his alright

— Shiva (@shivabelieves) February 13, 2022

Steve Smith watching the final ball after that scary moment #AUSvSL pic.twitter.com/K1hN97hdBn

— Andrew McGlashan (@andymcg_cricket) February 13, 2022

Nasty one 😢🤞.

Take Care @stevesmith49 🐐❤️ pic.twitter.com/wBJnnvtVrq

— Tshian #CSK💛💛 (@Johnnysar77) February 13, 2022

That Steve Smith footage is nasty 😟

— Edouowld Mendy 🦉 (@TheOwl85) February 13, 2022

Australia claim victory in thrilling super-over

Sri Lanka were able to force a tie and send the match to a super-over, responding to Australia's 6-164 by scoring 18 off the last over.

But Hazlewood's miserly five runs conceded in the subsequent super-over allowed the home side to claim victory, with Marcus Stoinis taking just three balls to score the runs.

Hazlewood, who finished the standard 20 overs with figures of 3-22 from four overs, said he had no hesitation about stepping up when called upon to bowl the super over.

"I think everyone wants to bowl those," he said.

"It's an exciting challenge to be put under that pressure when you're bowling in the last few overs when it's tight or if it's a super over.

Josh Hazlewood celebrates the wicket of Chamika Karunaratne in the second T20 against Sri Lanka. (Photo by MUHAMMAD FAROOQ/AFP via Getty Images)

"It's just as hard at the start when you've only got two fielders out if the wickets are good. I think everyone wants to bowl those overs and nail them.

"I guess that's when you get put up in lights, like in the IPL. It's good to be the go to man."

Josh Inglis (48) proved the best of Australia's batters, and Sri Lanka were sluggish in their response before they began to get on top through Pathum Nissanka (73) and captain Dasun Shanaka late in their innings.

Nissanka survived until the last over with his side needing 19 off the last six balls.

All hope seemed lost when he was picked off by Cummins, but Theekshana had different ideas.

"I reckon that's my first super over actually so it's good to get one out of the way," Hazlewood said.

"I felt reasonably confident. I think I bowled in the 19th over and executed pretty well." .

The two sides are next in action when they travel to Canberra on Tuesday.

with AAP

Click here to sign up to our newsletter for all the latest and breaking stories from Australia and around the world.

Home
NRL
AFL
Tennis
Cricket
Football
Rugby
Motorsport
Golf
Basketball
NFL
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook
facebook-logo
instagram
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://au.sports.yahoo.com/cricket-2022-australia-rocked-scary-steve-smith-incident-195209339.html 
 ----- 
