Home  How-To
How To Watch IPL 2022 Mega Auction Live: Date, Time, Teams,
byAjinkya Bhoir  11/02/2022 in How-To
 0  0  0
WhatsApp
Facebook
Twitter

Last Updated on February 11, 2022 by Asif Iqbal Shaik

The world’s most popular T20 cricket league, IPL (Indian Premier League), will be held in India this year. IPL 2022 will be more exciting as the BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) has announced the inclusion of two new teams—Ahmedabad and Lucknow—taking the total number of IPL teams to 10. All these teams will bid for their players in the IPL 2022 Mega Auction later this week. In this article, we’ve explained how to watch IPL 2022 Mega Auction, its date and time, and offered a look at the current teams and their core retained players.

This year’s mega IPL auction will put a total of 590 players under the hammer. Apart from the core retained players, all the teams will have new player combinations, making this auction even more exciting. BCCI gives you an opportunity to witness the auction live every year and this year it will be no different. Let’s have a look where you can catch it live.

Subscribe to Onsitego
Get the latest technology news, reviews, and opinions on tech products right into your inbox




Table of Contents

IPL 2022 Auction Live Streaming: Date, Time, List Of Channels
Subscribe to Onsitego
IPL 2022 Mega Auction: Highlights
IPL 2022 Mega Auction Players’ List
New IPL 2022 Teams
Player Retention List
1. Gujarat Titans
2. CSK (Chennai Super Kings)
3. DC (Delhi Capitals)
4. KKR (Kolkata Knight Riders)
5. Lucknow Supergiants
6. MI (Mumbai Indians)
7. PBKS (Punjab Kings)
8. RR (Rajasthan Royals)
9. RCB (Royal Challengers Bangalore)
10. SRH (Sunrisers Hyderabad)
IPL 2022 Venues: List Of Cities Hosting IPL Matches
IPL 2022 Auction Live Streaming: Date, Time, List Of Channels

The IPL 2022 Auction will be held in Bangalore on February 12 and February 13, 2022, at 11 AM IST (Indian Standard Time). You can watch the IPL 2022 Auction on the channels listed below.

Country	Channels
India	Star Sports Network (Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 1 Hindi, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD, Star Sports 1 Tamil, Star Sports 1 Telugu, Star Sports 1 Kannada, Star Sports 1 Bangla)
Afghanistan 	Radio Television Afghanistan (RTA)
Australia	Fox Sports, Yupp TV
Bangladesh	Channel 9
Canada	Willow TV
Caribbean Islands	Flow Sports (Flow Sports 2)
Maldives	Yupp TV, Medianet
Middle East	beIN Sports
New Zealand	Sky Sport NZ
Nepal	Yupp TV, Net TV Nepal, SimTV Nepal
Pakistan	Geo Super (TBC)
Singapore	Disney + Hotstar,  StarHub TV+
Sri Lanka	Yupp TV, SLRC, Dialog TV, PeoTV
South Africa	SuperSport
United Kingdom	Sky Sports Cricket, Sky Sports Main Event
United States	Willow TV

You can also view the auction live on your mobile devices, computers, and smart TVs via the following apps, depending on your region.

Digital Platforms	Disney+ Hostar, Foxtel, Yupp TV
IPL 2022 Mega Auction: Highlights

Much like how people go shopping ahead of festivals, IPL franchises will go shopping ahead of this grand cricketing event. BCCI had made some tweaks to the retention rules this year, facilitating a level playing field. Last year Hugh Edmeades conducted the auction. It will be interesting to see whether the BCCI persists with Edmeades or assigns Richard Madley for the 2022 auction. 

IPL 2022 Mega Auction Players’ List

Out of the list of 1,200+ players, the BCCI has filtered a final list of 590 players for the upcoming IPL 2022 Mega Auction. The final 590 player’s list comprises 370 Indian players and 220 overseas players. 

Country	Number Of Players
Afghanistan	17
Australia	47
Bangladesh	05
England	24
Ireland	05
New Zealand	24
South Africa	33
Sri Lanka	23
West Indies	34
Zimbabwe	01
Namibia	03
Nepal	01
Scotland	02
USA	01
New IPL 2022 Teams
Gujarat Titans
Lucknow Super Giants (LSG)

The IPL 2021 was played last year with a total of eight teams: CSK (Chennai Superkings), DC (Delhi Capitals), KKR (Kolkata Knight Riders), MI (Mumbai Indians), PBKS (Punjab Kings), RR (Rajasthan Royals), RCB (Royal Challengers Bangalore), and SRH (Sunrisers Hyderabad). These teams will be joined by two new teams namely Gujarat Titans and Lucknow Super Giants.

The BCCI has held an auction in the UAE last year in October to decide the final two teams. Well-known Glazer family, owners of popular English Football club, Manchester United, participated in the auction. Others in the mix were the Adani group and actors Ranveer-Deepika, among many others. However, CVC Capital earned the rights for the Ahmedabad (Gujarat Titans) franchise for ₹5,625 crores. RPSG group, headed by Sanjiv Goenka, who previously owned the Rising Pune Supergiants IPL team, was the highest bidder for the Lucknow franchise with a whopping sum of ₹7,090 crores. 

The Gujarat Titans team will be spearheaded by ex-Mumbai Indian and flamboyant all-rounder, Hardik Pandya. His good friend and ‘Koffee With Karan’ companion KL Rahul has relinquished his duties with PBKS (Punjab Kings) to captain the newly-formed Lucknow Super Giants team. While the Ahmedabad team is yet to reveal its tagline and team logo, the Lucknow Super Giants have unveiled their logo, which has an uncanny resemblance to the Rising Pune Supergiants’ logo. 

Hardik Pandya will be joined by ex-KKR opening batsman Shubhman Gill, and ex-SRH star spinner Rashid Khan in Gujarat Titans’ preliminary roster. Childhood friends Mayank Agarwal and KL Rahul had to finally part ways as the former stayed at PBKS. However, KL Rahul will be joined by young talent, also an ex-PBKS, Ravi Bishnoi, and hard-hitting Aussie all-rounder and ex-DC player, Marcus Stoinis. 

Player Retention List
1. Gujarat Titans
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Hardik Pandya	All-rounder (Captain)	15 Crores
Rashid Khan	Bowling All-rounder	15 Crores
Shubman Gill	Batsman	7 Crores
Available Purse	52 Crores
2. CSK (Chennai Super Kings)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Ravindra Jadeja	All-rounder	16 Crores
MS Dhoni	Wicket Keeper Batsman (Captain)	12 Crores
Moeen Ali	All-rounder	8 Crores
Ruturaj Gaikwad	Batsman	6 Crores
Available Purse	48 Crores

Interestingly CSK chose not to retain last year’s one of the top run-scorers and excellent fielder from South Africa, Faf du Plessis. Also, fast bowlers Josh Hazelwood and Deepak Chahar were released. 

Also Read
Reliance Jio Revises Its Cricket Plans With Additional Data and Disney+ Hotstar Subscription
3. DC (Delhi Capitals)
Player	Role	Price(INR)
Rishabh Pant	Wicket-keeper batsman (Captain)	16 Crores
Axar Patel	Bowling All-rounder	9 Crores
Prithvi Shaw	Batsman	7.50 Crores
Anrich Nortje	Fast Bowler	6.50 Crores
Available Purse	47.5 Crores

Like always, Delhi Capitals has some peculiar strategies. It puzzles me to see Prithvi Shaw on the list and no Shikhar ‘Gabbar’ Dhawan, who has been a solid performer at the top order for DC. Also, it is criminal to leave Kagiso Rabada out of the list. With Shreyas Iyer leaving the franchise for greener pastures and Marcus Stoinis being roped in by a rival team, the middle order has taken a hit, unless they get some solid replacements at the auction.

4. KKR (Kolkata Knight Riders)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Andre Russell	All-rounder	12 Crores
Varun Chakravarty	Mystery Spinner	8 Crores
Venkatesh Iyer	All-rounder	8 Crores
Sunil Narine	Original Mystery Spinner and Occasional Opening Batsman	6 Crores
Available Purse	48 Crores

Captain Morgan has been released along with wicket-keeper batsman, Dinesh Kartik. While these two decisions didn’t come as a surprise as their batting performances were not up to the mark. Also, not retaining fast bowler, handy batsman, and captain of the Ashes-winning team, Pat Cummins, could hurt KKR. Many rivals would be keen on roping him. Ahem! RCB, you listening? 

5. Lucknow Supergiants
Player	Role	Price (INR)
KL Rahul	Wicket-keeper batsman (Captain)	17 Crore
Marcus Stoinis	All-rounder	11 Crore
Ravi Bishnoi	Spinner	4 Crore
Available Purse	59 Crores
6. MI (Mumbai Indians)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Rohit Sharma	Batsman (Captain)	16 Crore
Jasprit Bumrah	Fast Bowler	12 Crore
Suryakumar Yadav	Batsman	8 Crore
Kieron Pollard	All-rounder	6 Crore
Available Purse	48 Crore

The core team of the Mumbai Indians is retained and is as expected. The team will go for Quinton De Kock and Trent Boult in the auctions. They can also get hold of wicket-keeper batsman Ishan Kishan but will cost significantly higher. Hardik Pandya is never coming back though, and will surely be missed. You’ll probably see the older Pandya yelling at fielders for no reason.

7. PBKS (Punjab Kings)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Mayank Agarwal	Batsman	12 Crore
Arshdeep Singh	Fast Bowler	4 Crore
Available Purse	72 Crore

Now, that the team’s only consistent performer, KL Rahul, has left the team, the PBKS management has decided to completely revamp the team. This leaves them with a solid purse and can go absolute bonkers at the auction. Shreyas Iyer is seeking a captainship position and then there’s Eoin ‘Captain’ Morgan and David Warner who they might look to target. 

8. RR (Rajasthan Royals)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Sanju Samson	Wicket-keeper batsman	14 Crore
Jos Buttler	Wicket-keeper batsman	10 Crore
Yashasvi Jaiswal	Batsman	4 Crore
Available Purse	62 Crore

English All-rounder Ben Stokes has decided to sit out of the auction for this year, as he has just recovered from the injuries sustained during last year’s IPL. This may haunt the team even more as the team has been suffering at the bottom of the table for a couple of years now. Jofra Archer is reportedly fit now and RR might look to target him as he has been the backbone of its bowling unit for many years. Now with the advent of two new teams, the level of competition will be higher, and Director Kumar Sangakkara and the RR management have a serious task at hand. 

9. RCB (Royal Challengers Bangalore)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Virat Kohli	Batsman	15 Crore
Glenn Maxwell	All-rounder	11 Crore
Mohammed Siraj	Fast Bowler	7 Crore
Available Purse	57 Crore

After a dismal performance with the bat in last year’s IPL, AB De Villiers decided to hang the boots and may return to the team only as a mentor or a coach. However, a new South African Under-19 player, Dewald Brevis, referred to as ‘Baby AB’, has been the talk of the town lately owing to his batting stance and 360-degree shots similar to AB de Villiers. Moreover, the kid has expressed his interest in playing with Virat Kohli and representing the RCB side. The RCB management might look to go for him at a base price and groom him for the future to fill in the void left by AB de Villiers. 

https://twitter.com/Dewald17Brevis/status/1487260540892233728?s=20&t=4Q6C4rNVao-m9beZXNyfsQ

Since Virat Kohli stepped down from the captainship position, RCB may look for Eoin Morgan, David Warner, or Shreyas Iyer for the role. Rumours suggest RCB could spend as much as 20 crores to rope in Shreyas Iyer. David Warner too shared a post recently wanting to record an Instagram Reel with Yuzvendra Chahal, suggesting he could be going to RCB, or whichever team Chahal is going to. 

10. SRH (Sunrisers Hyderabad)
Player	Role	Price (INR)
Kane Williamson	Batsman (Captain)	14 Crore
Abdul Samad	Batting All-rounder	4 Crore
Umran Malik	Fast Bowler	4 Crore
Available Purse	68 Crore

It doesn’t come as a surprise that David Warner, who had a fallout with the SRH management last year, is not on the list. It will be a huge loss for the franchise as David Warner is in the form of his life, winning the T20 World Cup 2021 followed by the Ashes. It will be interesting to see SRH at the auctions as they have kept mum about the proceedings so far. 

IPL 2022 Venues: List Of Cities Hosting IPL Matches
Mumbai
Pune
Other Venues Possible For Knockout Stage Matches

BCCI President, Sourav Ganguly, has confirmed that the matches will be played in India. It will be a two-month event and will have a total of at least 74 matches. However, teams except for Mumbai Indians, won’t be able to play at their respective grounds, as the league matches will be held in Mumbai and Pune.

It (IPL 2022) will be held in India this year, until and unless the COVID-19 hits the roof. So far, it has been decided that the IPL will be played in India. As far as venues are concerned, we are looking at hosting the matches in Maharashtra – Mumbai and Pune. We will then take a call on the venue for the knockout stages.

Saurav Ganguly, BCCI President

Reportedly, Ahmedabad’s Narendra Modi stadium will host the play-offs. The BCCI is planning to allow up to 25 percent of the spectator capacity. Tata group will be the official sponsor of the 2022 and 2023 editions of IPL, replacing Vivo.

Let’s see how the story unfolds after the two-day auction in Bangalore. We are excited, are you? What are your thoughts on this year’s IPL? What do you think about the two new entrants? Let us know in the comments section below.

34 - 2

Follow Onsitego on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube to get the latest news, reviews, maintenance tips, and videos about your favourite gadgets and appliances.

Tags: CricketIPLIPL 15IPL 2022
Send
Share
Tweet
Discussion about this post
About Onsitego
About Onsitego
What We Do
The Team
Write For Us
Talk To An Expert
Become An Affiliate Partner
Subscribe To RSS Feeds
Water Purifier Services

UV & RO Service in Mumbai
UV & RO Service in Delhi NCR
UV & RO Service in Bangalore
UV & RO Service in Pune
UV & RO Service in Hyderabad
UV & RO Service in Chennai

You Might be interested in
Air Conditioner Protection Plans
Refrigerator Protection Plans
Washing Machine Protection Plans
Television Protection Plans
Digital Camera Protection Plans
Laptop Protection Plans
Tablet Protection Plans
Mobile Protection Plans
Our Servicers

AC Repair & Service in Mumbai
AC Repair & Service in Delhi NCR
AC Repair & Service in Bangalore
AC Repair & Service in Pune
AC Repair & Service in Hyderabad
AC Repair & Service in Chennai

Laptop Repair Service in Mumbai
Laptop Repair Service in Bangalore
Laptop Repair Service in Delhi NCR


About Contact

© 2022 Onsitego Blog | Electronic news, views and reviews of the best selling gadgets and home appliances..

Home
News
Reviews
Buying Guide
Explainers
How-To

© 2022 Onsitego Blog | Electronic news, views and reviews of the best selling gadgets and home appliances..
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://onsitego.com/blog/where-how-watch-ipl-2022-mega-auction-live-date-time-teams-list/ 
 ----- 
