Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESIND vs AUS - AUS WonHBH vs ADS - TossAFG vs ZIM - BreakRSA vs PAK - StumpsSL vs NZ - NZ Won
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
India vs Australia
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
South Africa vs Pakistan
2nd Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
Sri Lanka vs New Zealand
1st ODI
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Afghanistan vs Zimbabwe
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
BBL 2024-25
Brisbane Heat vs Sydney Sixers
21st Match
Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Thunder
22nd Match
Melbourne Renegades vs Melbourne Stars
23rd Match
Hobart Hurricanes vs Adelaide Strikers
24th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Sydney Thunder
25th Match
BPL, 2024-25
Chittagong Kings vs Durbar Rajshahi
7th Match
Khulna Tigers vs Dhaka Capitals
8th Match
Sylhet Strikers vs Rangpur Riders
9th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Durbar Rajshahi
10th Match
Rangpur Riders vs Dhaka Capitals
11th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Wellington vs Central Districts
7th Match
Central Districts vs Northern Knights
8th Match
Canterbury vs Otago
9th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Uttar Pradesh vs Vidarbha
Round 6, Group D
Mizoram vs Tamil Nadu
Round 6, Group D
Jammu and Kashmir vs Chhattisgarh
Round 6, Group D
Mumbai vs Puducherry
Round 6, Group C
Goa vs Gujarat
Round 6, Group A
Nagaland vs Arunachal Pradesh
Round 6, Group C
Kerala vs Tripura
Round 6, Group E
Manipur vs Assam
Round 6, Group A
Punjab vs Hyderabad
Round 6, Group C
Bihar vs Bengal
Round 6, Group E
Jharkhand vs Uttarakhand
Round 6, Group A
Railways vs Rajasthan
Round 6, Group A
Baroda vs Madhya Pradesh
Round 6, Group E
Andhra vs Maharashtra
Round 6, Group B
Sikkim vs Meghalaya
Round 6, Group A
Himachal Pradesh vs Services
Round 6, Group A
Karnataka vs Saurashtra
Round 6, Group C
Odisha vs Haryana
Round 6, Group A
Tamil Nadu vs Chhattisgarh  LIVE
Round 7, Group D
Mizoram vs Vidarbha
Round 7, Group D
Jammu and Kashmir vs Chandigarh  LIVE
Round 7, Group D
Gujarat vs Odisha  LIVE
Round 7, Group A
Saurashtra vs Mumbai  LIVE
Round 7, Group C
Kerala vs Bihar
Round 7, Group E
Meghalaya vs Services
Round 7, Group B
Delhi vs Baroda  LIVE
Round 7, Group E
Sikkim vs Rajasthan  LIVE
Round 7, Group B
Andhra vs Himachal Pradesh  LIVE
Round 7, Group B
Railways vs Maharashtra
Round 7, Group B
Uttarakhand vs Assam
Round 7, Group A
Arunachal Pradesh vs Hyderabad
Round 7, Group C
Manipur vs Haryana
Round 7, Group A
Nagaland vs Karnataka
Round 7, Group C
Jharkhand vs Goa  LIVE
Round 7, Group A
Punjab vs Puducherry  LIVE
Round 7, Group C
Bengal vs Madhya Pradesh
Round 7, Group E
IPL 2022
Live Blog -- Day 2, IPL 2022 Player Auction
by  Vineet Anantharaman  •  Last updated on Sun, Feb 13, 2022, 04:15 PM
Share
	
Tweet

You know the drill. There's just one rule: there is no rule. So go on, shoot them in, your wisdom is all that these talent scouts depend upon. Tag @cricbuzz with the hashtag #IPLonCricbuzz, and for you non-tweeters, my id is all yours to spam: vineet.a@cricbuzz.com

It wasn't all that bad after all. For us muggles without the 90cr to throw around, a two-day rant is good enough to last us the entire year. We've taken it all out. Don't worry. A huge, huge shoutout to all those of you who were a part of this in any form, and until live action, and until our advice that the franchises didn't care to listen to comes to bite them in the back, ta ta!!

18 hours | 204 players | And at last, it's a wrap.It did quite live up to the mega auction billing and the reputation. You're not allowed to go without checking out our tracker one last time.

Umesh Yadav | 1cr | KKR -- Give him a game, please!

James Neesham | 1.5cr | RR -- Okay, they can officially let go of the people handing their social media pages. They have a new recruit, who surprise, surprise, also smashes balls around

Nathan Coulter Nile | 2cr | RR -- It's been a steep fall from his 8.8cr a couple of years ago. Nevertheless, some deal is better than no deal

Rasie van der Dussen | 1cr | RR -- He came last year, quarantined himself for 14 days, only to find the IPL cancelled. He comes in with a bigger reputation this time around

Daryl Mitchell | 75L | RR -- Things you get for single-handedly taking your side into the World Cup finals

8:50pm IST: One final slog session. We're hearing that 23 players are set to go under the hammer once again. Most teams either do not have the money or the spot or the intent. In other words, we're doing this for RR. You better buy them.

******

Kasi Vishwanathan | CSK CEO: Yesterday, out of the ten players, nine were ex-CSK players. We had planned as we normally do and the credit goes to the skipper and coach. We picked players as per their wish. Deepak Chahar has been the most consistent players for us and he has been doing well in his battig as well. Given what he has done for CSK, we knew we had to go after him. We were disappointed at missing Faf. Thakur and him were crucial part of the team over the last few years. It was disappointing to let them go because we didn't have the money for them. We thought the best replacement could be Devon Conway, because he has been doing well. Fleming has seen him in New Zealand. Milne has been in the IPL earlier, and we couldn't afford Josh, so he replaces him well. As far as the regular playing XI is concerned, I have no say in that. It has been left to the captain and coach. Actually to be frank, we had done some hard work earlier over the last two months. The technical team did a wonderful job and it was easier for them to arrive at the right price for each of those players. We now have a balanced team. I will never say that we are a champion side every year. We will set the process right. We have a balanced team and are confident that this team will also follow the earlier teams.

Andy Flower | LSG Head Coach: Really happy with the squad we assembled. We had a good preparation with Dr. Goenka and Gautam Gambhir, and we made some good picks. Gautam has got a great cricket game and I have enjoyed spending time with him. I am really looking forward to working with him. I respect him as a player and as a coach. He has experience with auctions and it was nice to have him on that table. There are a number of all-rounders with us. The long batting will hold us in good stead and will give the boys a lot of confidence. I am looking forward to seeing Mark Wood tearing in. We have a lot of attacking options. We budgeted a little more for Quinton but we got a good deal. He's a mulyi-faceted cricketer and he is a leftie as well. Wood clocks 150. With the amount of rest he can have between IPL games, he can be a sight. I also have a lot of respect for Avesh Khan and he has a lot of pace and bounce. He holds himself well under pressure, which is what I remember of him.

8:25pm IST: That match is done. And it isn't a tie, but why not have a super over. Here are the rules: Every team has been asked to submit a maximum of two names they'd need. Rajasthan need four foreigners. Wonder how they plan to be doing this. Five minutes, quick, consolidate ..

And Edmeades starts off with Arjun Tendulkar, who again, is going where he's always been. Mumbai Indians. Not without some naughtiness from Gujarat, who raise the paddle as well to rib MI, and thus make Arjun richer by 10 lakhs.

8:20pm IST: With five players to go in this round, the original auctioneer, Hugh Edmeades, has been called back to take over duties. And its nice to see that he's managed to retain his sense of humour. "They should have had a railing by the stage," and then he goes on to demonstrate would could have been averted. The teams give him a standing ovation.

******

Meanwhile, Lucknow Supergiants have exhausted every single rupee. Punjab Kings have booked each of 25 slots. They are walking off. Handshakes. Lucky ducks. Their day ends.

You know that match that's ambling on towards a dull draw. Yea, that's what this auction has become. Most team's coaches have gone off, and the rest of them who happen to still be around, are yawning away. Apart from RR of course, who still look lost.

"I'm confused, where's Mumbai's reserve wicketkeeper?" -- Oh Animesh Agarwal, how naive of you. What's Aditya Tare for if not for being picked up after the auction ends

So if you thought Mumbai's strategies were weird yesterday, the Royals have outdone them big time today. At least MI had something to look forward to today, RR don't even have that. With four overseas slots to fill, they did try to go after Miller, but once he was out of their reach, refused to go after any of the other potential finishers in the list. They seriously look lost.

David Miller | GT | 3cr-- Given how things are going, he'd have to keep wickets

Shakib Al Hasan -- They called him back, gave him hope, and crushed it. UNSOLD. The BCB would be celebrating

Sam Billings | KKR | 2cr -- Of all the under-rated cricketers in all the under-rated worlds, he takes the cake. This looks like a team where he'd do more than carrying drinks and subbing

Wriddhiman Saha | GT | 1.9cr -- Phew, they don't look all that silly any more

Matthew Wade | GT | 2.4cr -- From no keeper to three of them in five minutes. Wow, what do we know!

7:15pm IST | THE FINAL SESSION -- We're into the mandatory final hour. As expected, the 15-minute break has gone on for nearly an hour. That's how tiring the process has been. Even for us just watching it. Okay, we have 69 names who are going to come up. And this is when teams get a little ethical, and let people have who they want. The pitch is a cobra pit now, expect stuff to spit up out of nowhere and bite you in the face. Let's play ..

Jhanvi Mehta | KKR Owner: Definitely Rahane was a value buy for us. He has been around for ages and adds a lot in terms of leadership. We lost out on Shubhman Gill and Ajinkya can perform that role. He will allow Venkatesh Iyer to play his role and would be the perfect foil. Rinku Singh was part of KKR's academy and he is a homegrown buy. He piles up runs in the First Class circuit. He has an amazing sense of humour. He is the quintessential team man. Our captaincy will be decided by the team management and we have a lot of options, which we'll look into after the auctions.

Arnav Dhawan, is a true blue oldtimer, "Feel that players like Steve Smith and Raina who have gone unsold till now will be missed hugely as the season progresses when the pitches would become slower."

You've hit the nail right on its head, Raman Babu,"The new teams coming into an auction generally struggle with the auction dynamics and it is clearly evident with the Gujarat Titans. And that is why Lucknow's team is all the more impressive."

Okay, Prathamesh Ghatul has a question, "Are there any chances of Suresh Raina here?" -- #DefinitelyNot ;)

Manohar Babu: "Coming in with the lowest purse, DC probably walk away with best squad possible, perfect mix of youth, experience, calmness and destruction." -- Delhi have always been the auction acers, even when they were Daredevils

Jofra Archer
@JofraArcher
Follow
Mumbai deserve it
25 May 2014
  3767  1468

Anyway, here are the rules to follow. We have a 15 minute break, and each team will have to submit a list of 5-7 players who would be re-brought into the auction. For now, you can consolidate ..

6:18pm IST | Tea break: It must be some sort of an auction record this, because we're done with the entire first round, but Rajasthan Royals still need a minimum of four players to fill up their squad. They also have four overseas slots open. This has to be the first time such a thing is happening. Gujarat do not have a single wicket keeper. Delhi and Lucknow can happily snooze off, or better, spoil bids.

A bunch of uncapped, unknown Indians are drawing a fair bit of interest. It's exactly this set that is going to produce the next Pandya brothers.

******

Tim Wigmore
@timwig
Follow
Jofra Archer and Jasprit Bumrah together at Mumbai Indians in 2023 and beyond - arguably the two best T20 quicks in the world. Looks typically smart from Mumbai sacrificing a bit in season 1 of the cycle to be stronger after
13 Feb 2022
  497  28

Alzarri Joseph | GT | 2.4cr -- The same Odean Smith trick: Get Indian wickets, smack Indian bowlers, and do it just before the auction

Riley Meredith | MI | 1cr -- It's a steal

Chamika Karunaratne | KKR | 50L -- It's a bigger steal

"What I don't understand is why are performances in the BBL rated over consistent performers in PSL and BPL, although those two leagues have conditions similar to that in India." -- It's been an age-old gripe, Habib Khan

"Please tell me GT know they still don't have a single WK and need at least two !" -- Listen to Bhaumik Sheth, Gujarat Titans.

5:30pm IST: Back live. So around 50 players remain in the first round of this accelerated auction. And it's only when all of them are exhausted, we'll have a second round. And maybe even a third. Boy, this is getting exhausting, almost never-ending.

Akash Ambani | MI Owner: When were sitting for the retention discussion, it was very difficult to choose between Surya, Hardik and Ishan. We were committed to getting one of them back. Hardik is obviously with Gujarat captaining them, so good luck to him. Jofra is a player Mahela gave a professional debut to, but we are very happy to have Jofra and Bumrah together. Tymal has been an experienced death bowler. He was also with Mahela in The Hundred. He has stayed injury free and we are surprised he came for this price. Tim David is going to partner with Pollard at number six. We have always betted on our power-hitters. He has the IPL experience with RCB and we look forward to him and Pollard finishing the innings for us. We wanted to make sure we had the right combination. Very happy today, was a little nervous after yesterday. If someone would have told me that we would be walking back with Ishan Kishan and Jofra Archer, I wouldn't have believed them. Everybody told me we wouldn't get back Ishan.

5:20pm IST: Another Drinks break. Take 2 time, the unsold ones are set to come back. 5 minutes, consolidate ..

******

Another of our readers, Gagan Joshi is finding life lessons: "Rajasthan Royals are like those rabbits in that race with the tortoise. They got off to a very good kickstart yesterday, and then appear to have gone off to sleep. While the other teams are touching 20 players, they only have 13."

Devansh Mathur, it's true, logic has been RIPed. "Apparently having invisible bowlers attracts more attention than having a middle order. Please spread this message if you are an unsold eleven supporter!!"

Tim David + Ishan Kishan + Jofra Archer = 31.5cr.The rest of them potentially 18 cricketers purchased <16.5cr.

JUST IN: The BCCI have dropped a serious hint that the entire IPL season would be staged in Mumbai and Pune

They say you need to spend several sleepless nights preparing for this auction. And what do you at night when you don't sleep? Yes, you watch cricket in the Caribbean. Everybody has, and everybody has been impressed by what they've seen of Romario Shepherd. Five teams fight, and in the end, SRH, in their already tight budget, are just about in at 7.75cr INR.

Desperate times call for nostalgia. Sarthak Aggarwal knows, "Looks like Mahela Jaywardane and Zaheer Khan have to come out of retirement now, thank you once again MI!!"

The BCCI's statement on Jofra Archer: "Whoever picks him will not get a replacement player for IPL 2022 season for his place as he is already injured and unlikely to participate in IPL 2022 season." Surely Mumbai know this you'd think.

Mitchell Santner | CSK: Apparently four years of bench-warming and drinks-carrying wasn't enough

Daniel Sams | MI: The customary overseas left-arm seamer quota, Zaheer's new lab rat

Dwaine Pretorious | CSK: Just the kind of tight medium pacer that MSD is pro at captaining

Jason Behrendorff | RCB: You get Kohli out, you get into Kohli's team. Just Karma

Tymal Mills | MI: The quota from Jayawardene's Oval Invincibles

#JustJofraThings: He isn't even coming to the IPL this year. But he's pretty surely predicted it back in 2014 on his twitter page that he'd be picked up for big bucks, not for that year, but for the next. Go, check. Mumbai Indians, who've saved all their money, have splashed it out on him. 8cr INR. But that is in no way running away from the fact that they just don't have a team for this year.

Prathamesh Dinis: "The accelerated part of the auction should be called Money Heist."

"CSK's auction strategies don't make sense. RR and PBKS always do superbly. And the onfield performances are just the opposite. Auctions are just over-rated." -- Now, now, let's behave, Kuppan Chakraborti ..

Vinay Iyer turns predictor, "Devon Conway is perfect CSK material. Overseas opener, wicket-keeper, Kiwi."

Our reader, Gary M is quite the perpetual pessimist, "Let me stick my neck out here. It doesn't matter what RCB do, they just cannot plug their middle order with experienced batsmen. How could they let Bharat go?"

Live again. Phew, that was actually five minutes. T20 Blast stuff you see!

******

Sanjeev Goenka | LSG Owner:We wanted to go for spinners, multi-utility spinners. We are quite happy with the progress we made and the team looks balanced. Avesh and Mark Wood, we believe could be a deadly combination. They could prove to be lethal in the powerplay and the death. And now we have Chameera as well. We have spin and we have raw pace as well. I think the auction is all about moments. The warmth with which the BCCI welcomed us was very touching.

Here come the rules: Every franchise has had to submit a list of 20 names they want from the remaining 300. Also, all those unsold would be coming back after that in the post Tea session, with one last pitch. So Sharks, who's willing to invest ..

3:50pm IST | Strategic time-out: Okay, we're done with round one. We're now going to move on to what they say is an "accelerated auction". So in cricketing terms, what we had so far was the IPL, and what we'll have now is the T20 Blast. Cool. Anyway, you consolidate ..

******

Simon Katich | SRH Coach: From our point of view, in relation with the middle order, we had Kane Williamson retained. With respect to middle order batting, to be able to secure Rahul Tripathi, who has been very very good for KKR in the last few years and with Pune Supergiants prior to that was a big plus for us. With Pooran, Tripathi, Samad and Williamson, we have secured the middle order.

[2/2]: In a T20 format, or any new squad you want to put together, you would want to put some quality players in together and also a leadership group. The focus was not only on players we want to acquire, but also acquire some leaders and build a new culture at the franchise. We're really focussed on building a good squad. Here you have the opportunity to build players you believe can bring that on board. We are really satisfied so far. We obviously look at maximising the purse we have and filling in the gaps. This time around the dynamics was very challenging. I don't think it was like this ever, with 10 new teams and the purse being slightly higher. The challenges of distribution of talent and getting who you want at the right price, it has been a massive learning for all of us. It's not just about recent performances. We all know Odean is an upcoming talent and he has showcased his power and bowling skills. We saw that on display against India here in the one-dayers. We have been tracking the players for a while and are really glad that someone like Odean as an all-rounder we have been able to secure.

Anil Kumble | PBKS Head Coach: There is more demand than supply. There were challenges because there were 10 teams. It was very different. I've been in couple of big mega auctions - in 2011 and 2014, and some smaller auctions. This has been more challenging because every player is going for a large sum of money. The purse is dwindling. So no matter what value you have in your purse, the auction dynamics are very different. You have to be very nimble. That's something we realised in the last one and a half days. I'm really happy for the Indian fast bowlers. There has been a lot of demand for them and I'm happy they've been rewarded for all their efforts. From Punjab's point of view, this is the first time I'm a part of the mega auction. Having had a chance to put up a squad, we retained Mayank and Arshdeep. We would've wanted a few players but that's the auction dynamics. You have the let go, think on your feet and change your strategy. When we've changed our staretergies, we've achieved what we went after. So far, it's been good. Satisfied with our picks. Players like Rabada, Bairstow and Shikhar are all proven performers at the international level at the international level. To get back Shahrukh is wonderful.[1/2]

Tilak Varma | MI -- When Mumbai and Chennai indulge in a biddging war, you know you are big. And when you end up with a price of 1.7cr, you know you're big

Anukul Roy | KKR -- Roys have to end up in Kolkata, don't they. Hopefully he gets to be something more than the permanent substitute fielder that he was with Mumbai

Raj Angad Bawa | PBKS -- The grandson of a Punjab Olypic gold medalist, comes home! 2cr

Sanjay Yadav | MI -- Someone's been taking the TNPL seriously, and it's not CSK

3:06pm IST | Day 2 | Second session: Welcome, welcome. How heavy has the lunch been? Delhi have probably had a tonic with theirs, and have snapped up each of the first three players who've come out. And that includes the Indian under-19 winning skipper, Yash Dhull, for a measly 50L INR. They're doing everything they can to avoid repeating the Kohli story, to make sure 2022 doesn't go the 2008 way.

******

Deepak Chahar | 14cr richer | CSK [To Star Sports]: I don't think there would be any difference because I would be going back to CSK and seeing the same faces which I have been seeing for the last four years. Even in Pune we had the same guys. Mahi bhai and Srinivasan sir told me in 2018 that I would always play in yellow. I have never spoken to them after that about this. I have been trying to be an all-rounder since I started playing cricket. In league cricket I bat up the order. In 2018 I scored 48 runs once. But I haven't had a lot of opportunities with the bat. In SL and Sa now I have been lucky that I got the opportunity, but I have been batting since I was a kid. We were travelling from Ahmedabad to Kolkata and were in the bus during the auction. When I touched 14cr, I didn't want to go further, because I knew CSK wouldn't go after that. I can't imagine myself to be playing in any other team. I wanted to stop at 13cr itself. Rahul Chahar and I played together in Pune, but we haven't played a match together. I was hoping that we would play together this year. Hopefully next year. We have almost got all the players who we had last year. Jaddu and Moeen Ali make a difference when it comes to all-rounders. I think we just need one opening bowler and one fast bowler.

Gautam Gambhir | Lucknow Super Giants Mentor: I never had the experience of building the team. I was a part of the team that had a core already. We had the purse as well. Very satisfied. We have players with experience who can walk into a playing XI. You want 15-16 such players. We were clear we wanted someone like Quinton at the top, to free KL from wicket-keeping responsibility. That would make him fearless. We wanted a batting and bowling all-rounder. We got Jason Holder because of that. We already had Stoinis. Deepak Hooda was a steal. Gowtham is a bowling all-rounder. We are probably playing in one city in three or four stadiums, so the wickets might slow down. We also wanted pace. Imagine Avesh Khan and Mark Wood bowling at 140-150ks. We wanted both Prasidh Krishna and Avesh Khan. When you are sitting at the auction table, he is only 23-24 and will only get better. He'll also be around the Indian team and keep learning. We are very satisfied. We need just another three players to finish off our squad. I have always been upfront and I just ask the owners how far we can push for a particular player. How much we save, and how much we spend on a player is all I speak to the owner about at the table.

Deepu Narayanan
@deeputalks
Follow
DC & LSG have a staring XI already. PBKS, SRH & RR are close to finalizing theirs. CSK, RCB & KKR still need to fulfil certain specific roles. MI still have plenty of purchases (and purse) left. GL batting looks like a mess.#IPLAuction
13 Feb 2022
  294  14

Ness Wadia | PBKS Owner: Liam is one of the best all-rounders. He is a world class cricketer and plays a lot with Bairstow, so from our point of view, is great. We saw when Odean Smith hit those sixes the other day, the Indian team got scared. We have an excellent squad. We have a few players to make up the A team. Very happy. We're not worried about other teams, we're just worried about us. You have to strategize on the second day. The key is to not spend too much time on other teams. It's only at the back of the head. The forefront is all to do with what we want. We are going through a rebranding. We have to announce a new captain soon. We are very clear on who the new captain is. We are building a new culture, a new team. It is about oneness, a family. It is about bringing the culture across different groups within us, whether it is Britannia or Dabur. It is all about bringing everyone together. So far we are pretty good, happy with what we've got.

2:16 IST | Lunch: A pretty busy morning that seemed to lose a bit of momentum towards the end. Nevertheless, Lucknow, Rajasthan, Punjab and Delhi look quite done. Mumbai haven't even started properly yet. CSK too have looked a bit confused. Anyway, it's a 45-minute break, and you, consolidate ..

******

The spinners just don't seem to be making the big bucks. Markande, Theekshana, Shahbaz Nadeem, all of them go just above their respective base prices. Piyush Chawla, Shamsi, Sodhi, Karn Sharma, all go unsold. And they call India the spin hub. Clear case of supply overriding the demand.

And Mumbai Indians FINALLY buy someone! They do it by killing a love story. Rajasthan Royals and Jaydev Undatkat, you've been a saga. But no more, they've moved on. Things you do in Covid. Also keeping up with Covid trends, he's had to undergo a massive paycut, down to 1.3cr.

Khaleel Ahmed | 5.25cr | DC -- Guess who they outbid. Yes, a very reluctant Mumbai

Chetan Sakariya | 4.2cr | DC -- They're building a left-arm army. And they're using all the money they saved yesterday to outbid

Navdeep Saini | 2.6cr | RR -- Again, Mumbai stop short. They have the money, they need the players. But it's almost as if their focus is all on the next round

Sandeep Sharma | 50L | PBKS -- Steal, steal, steal

Sheldon Cottrell | Unsold -- Things Rahul Tewatis does to your reputation!

1:28pm IST: Live again. We'll be having a fast bowlers' set now. A lot of teams need a lot of them. And a lot of them are going to make a lot of money.

******

Nikhil Kokate: "Mumbai Indians seems to have strategy to go after big unsold players and get them for good bargain. There are plenty of big names already like Steve Smith, Finch, Umesh Yadav etc." -- How dare you not have Saurabh Tiwary in your list

"Teams might not have as good scouts as MI, but all the teams have done a great job by ruining MI's plans by bidding for everyone MI was interested in." -- Damn, sadist people. Thanks for the spot, Nitin.

Okay, drinks. 5 minutes, consolidate ..

Marco Jansen -- As hard as Mumbai try to steal the Hooda-Krunal and the Ashwin-Buttler thunder, the Bumrah-Jansen unity ain't happening. They can fight, properly, publically. SRH have him, 4.2cr

K Gowtham -- Well, he may have had an Indian cap in the interim, but he's had to take a massive paycut. 90L, to LSG

Odean Smith-- He's taken the foolproof route of breaking the bank: putting up a stellar performance against the Indians just before the aution. 6cr, Punjab

Shivam Dube -- CSK finally have someone. 4cr. Mumbai are now alone in even finding a skeleton to their squad

Fact-stating. Sheer fact-stating from Kiran Udaykumar, "From the looks of it MI and CSK are trying to keep IPL 2022 an 8-team affair."

"KKR bidding at 5.5 for Livingstone when they have only 11 crores and 11 players is just mind boggling." -- Well, Akh, math has never been their strongest suit

Harsha Bhogle
@bhogleharsha
Follow
#MumbaiIndians have to make a move soon......
13 Feb 2022
  14264  379

So Vijay Shankar comes in, and gets 466666.66 for every dimension. And he'll be showing them off in from of one lakh shouting voices at Motera. Jimmy Neesham offers a fourth dimension in his services. With his phone. Alas, there's no shortage of tiktok creators in these teams. They're happy to let him pass.

Beast alert! He was always going to be today's biggest deal, and he lives up. Some of his sixes have still not landed. And those which have, have broken car windows. But Punjab Kings have an insurance company as one of their promoters, and they're willing to throw him the bait, and the big monies. LIAM LIVINGSTONE | PUNJABI | 11.50cr.

Dawid Malan -- The No.1 T20I batsman in the world. Yea, as if what the ICC says ever mattered to these teams. UNSOLD

Eoin Morgan -- The greatest white-ball skipper in the world. 2021's IPL finalist. Hah, again, as if any of that has ever mattered. UNSOLD

Aaron Finch -- The T20 World Cup winner, two months ago. Again, logic? Nah. UNSOLD

Saurabh Tiwary -- UNSOLD. And now for MI to pick him up right at the end and keep up with their employment scheme

Marnus Labuschagne -- Ashes hero, the best Test batsman. A little too funky. No, he doesn't make reels. He doesn't dance. UNSOLD

A lot of crazy things happen here at the auctions, but if there's one thing that's valued, it is form. Form does remain directly proportional to value. Ajinkya Rahane is that example, and in what's been a pretty steep fall, from losing captaincy, to losing his spot, to losing his franchise, to now being picked up for his base price, a very measly 1cr INR, to KKR.

Aiden Markram is the first one to come in. Punjab, surprisingly, just don't want to let any of their men go. Wonder why they don't retain them then :/ But he's out of their budget, and SRH have quite a bit of money, so much so that they outbid Mumbai as well. 2.6cr.

S.Badrinath
@s_badrinath
Follow
#CSK desperately need youth and #SRH desperately need Experience #IPLAuction2022
13 Feb 2022
  8884  387

12:02pm IST: We're live then. There's some nip around in the air. Pokers and wafters won't stand long. As the wise men say, go hard, and do not hold back. Also, for all those of you wondering, Charu Sharma will continue with the auctioneering. Okay, let's play

You might think the players coming up today are either not first choice, or are smaller quick picks. Do not be fooled. If past history is anything to go by, stranger things happen on the second day, in the dying hours of play. You've been warned, do not zone out.

******

"Delhi can sit back and relax today, they almost have their playing XI." -- Abhinav Manohar, yea, they'll be those sneaky bidders today, raising paddles and spoiling other teams' budgets. Typical last bencher behaviour ..

Satish Murali gets into the it's not you, it's me zone of philosophy, "If Imran Tahir, Mujeeb and Adil Rashid remain unsold till end of auction, it's clearly IPL's loss, the world knows how big they are."

Here's an equally poor Parth Gambhir, "Seems like Mumbai Indians will push their limits for Liam Livingstone (unlike the way they went for other players, with half-hearted approach). They will definitely face a tough resistance from Punjab Kings."

Poor Aman Agarwal has tried to find some logic (and perhaps some solace) in Mumbai's weird tactics. "Seems like Mumbai is planning to go riot after the likes of Raj Bawa, Yash Dhull etc. That seems to be the only reasonable explanation of them pulling out quite often."

Who's Abhinav Manohar you ask? How did Charu Sharma even get there in time? Who got whom? Who got how much?

Season 15 | Day 2 | Bengaluru: It's dusting up. The track seems to have cracked up, and it won't be the worst strategy to step out, read it out of the hand early, and take the attack to the opposition. Going into a shell isn't an option, for a blow with your name on it is always round the corner. It won't be the worst idea to get funky and sweep a few out of the rough. Okay, let's get serious. A stiff target awaits, not a lot of bucks remain in the bank, and before the required player-to-cash ratio goes out of control, let us start off with a hello ..

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
Chennai Super Kings Mumbai Indians Royal Challengers Bangalore Delhi Capitals Rajasthan Royals Sunrisers Hyderabad Kolkata Knight Riders Punjab Kings Gujarat Titans Lucknow Super Giants
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Bumrah rues missed opportunity of bowling on 'spiciest wicket of the series'
1h ago
Everything boils down to temperament: Gambhir on India's batting woes
2h ago
Stats: Australia's first come-from-behind Test series win since 1997
3h ago
Bowlers, Young outclass Sri Lanka in ODI series opener
3h ago
Australia clinch the Border-Gavaskar Trophy after a decade
4h ago
Australia lose three in eventful start to the chase
6h ago
More News
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/121042/live-blog-day-2-ipl-2022-player-auction 
 ----- 
