Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UT - OCTOBER 31: Walker Kessler #24 of the Utah Jazz blocks Julian Champagnie #30 of the San Antonio Spurs during the game on October 31, 2024 at Delta Center in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Chris Nicoll/NBAE via Getty Images)
Utah Jazz Film Study: Walker Kessler’s Resurgence, Lauri Markkanen’s Off-Ball Movement, and More
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 4, 202410:58 AM MST

The 2024-25 NBA season is still very much in its infancy stages. Statistics and trends require a larger sample size to stabilize, while most teams have only played six or seven games of 82. 

But for those who wait the entire summer for meaningful action, the opening games of a new season provide an opportunity to see new schemes, faces adjusting to new places, and the path of player development. 

For a Utah Jazz squad, the first two weeks of the 2024-25 campaign have provided plenty of that and more, highlighted by Walker Kessler’s resurgence, an adjustment to opposing defenses focusing on Lauri Markkanen’s off-ball scoring, and more. 

In this new Jazz Film Study series, we’ll regularly check in on trends throughout the season, pinpoint examples on the tape, and dive into the numbers. 

Promising signs from The Sheriff 

The work that Walker Kessler put in over the offseason on both his body and game has been well documented already.

“I think Walker is in a great place,” Jazz general manager Justin Zanik said before the start of preseason. “He’s had a great summer, he’s been completely healthy. Market changes in his body. He’s in a great physical and mental space. He’s a big part of what we’re doing.” 

Kessler showed flashes throughout the preseason, which has carried over into the start of the regular season. The 23-year-old big man has averaged 9.7 points, 11.2 rebounds, and three blocks per game during the opening weeks of play, all of which represent career highs. 

Kessler’s rebounding has stood out early, as the offseason work on his body has allowed him to battle for contested rebounds and carve out good positioning to create second-chance opportunities on the offensive end. 

Jazz head coach Will Hardy praised Kessler’s opening night performance, considering it his best rebounding game as it relates to grabbing those contested rebounds. “Part of it is me being physically stronger,” the third-year center said. “Part of it is me being more aggressive and just maturing.”

The maturity and strength have been reflected in the numbers, as Kessler is currently averaging those aforementioned career-high 11.2 rebounds per game to go along with a 27.5 percent defensive rebound percentage, also a career high. 

Once again, Kessler is fueling a dominant Utah attack on the offensive glass, as the Jazz rank seventh in offensive rebound percentage (31.6 percent) in the young season after ranking in the top four in each of the past two seasons.  

Kessler’s energy has been clear to see from the opening tip of the season, as the young big man has created scoring opportunities for himself by running the floor hard and the added physicality on the boards. 

“That’s the Walker we need,” Markkanen said after the opening night loss to Memphis. “A lot of activity, playing with a lot of energy, running up and down both ways on the court. That’s what we need on a daily basis.” 

In a battle against three-time MVP Nikola Jokić, Kessler dropped an 18-point, 14-rebound double-double to go along with five blocks. In what has become another encouraging sign, the 23-year-old center shot 8-of-12 from the charity stripe and has seen his free-throw percentage increase to 63.2 percent on the season. 

Jazz head coach Will Hardy has also opted to have Kessler switch on to perimeter players during stretches, another wrinkle added to the defensive scheme. Against the Dallas Mavericks, Kessler defended both Luka Dončić and Kyrie Irving on back-to-back possessions, forcing a tough miss and a turnover: 

There’s a lot more ground to cover this season, but the early signs show a resurgence for The Sheriff. 

Lauri Markkanen and top-locking 

The Finnisher is one of the most effective play finishers in the entire league. At seven-feet tall, Markkanen is able to shoot over defenders in the post, get to mid-range jumpers, and knock down 3-pointers at an elite clip.

As a result of that shooting, opposing defenders have become focused on making life difficult for Utah’s All-Star when he’s coming off screens for catch-and-shoot attempts. This was on full display on opening night, as Marcus Smart regularly top-locked Markkanen (a technique in which a defender, in anticipation of a pindown or stagger screen, plants himself between his man and the screen to induce a backdoor cut).

The result? Three alley-oops over the course of the game as Markkanen reacted to the scheme and synced up with both Keyonte George and Jordan Clarkson. 

“We work a lot on top-lock,” Hardy explained. “Lauri sees it a lot, JC (Jordan Clarkson) sees it the second-most. The first look is a lob, especially with Lauri because of his size. It’s something we drill multiple times a week and watch film on.” 

The key to success in those instances? The position of the opposing big man on the floor. By thoughtfully spacing the court, the Jazz can make life harder for opposing centers to recognize the ensuing action and be ready to defend the rim against the lob. In two of the three alley-oop connections against Memphis, Utah stationed Kessler on the opposite side of the floor from Markkanen, opening up the runway for the alley-oop connections. 

As the season unfolds, look for Markkanen to continue to face a variety of schemes in hopes of slowing down his off-ball scoring. If the opening night contest is any indication, the Jazz will be ready with counters. 

Filipowski shows early flashes 

Increased playing time as a result of injuries is never how a young player wants to get their start in the NBA. With the unfortunate absence of Taylor Hendricks opening a path to rotation minutes for rookie Kyle Filipowski, the 20-year-old big man has focused on seizing the opportunity in front of him despite the emotions that came with Hendricks’ injury. 

In two matchups last week against the Sacramento Kings and San Antonio Spurs, Filipowski’s full skill set was on display. 

From physical post-ups to capable 3-point shooting and impressive playmaking, the 32nd overall pick in this year’s draft stood out on both the second unit and as a starter.

“Kyle was great, his physicality stands out,” Hardy said following the game against Sacramento. “He’s had a good camp and good preseason… tonight is a credit to Kyle. He stayed ready, physically in shape and mentally locked in.” 

Early on, it was Filipowski’s playmaking that helped generate quality offense for the Jazz, from a nice inside pass against Sacramento’s zone defense to an effective dribble hand-off connection with Brice Sensabaugh.

This came as no surprise to those who witnessed the rookie big men regularly dish out impressive assists in the preseason:

In a Jazz offense that prioritizes 3-point attempts and routinely relies on big men to execute dribble hand-offs, Filipowski’s skill set has the potential to shine. 

“It (playmaking ability) kind of came natural, to be honest,” Filipowski said following his first career start. “Growing up I remember in fourth grade I was doing that sort of stuff, like bringing the ball up the court. I just kept that as part of my game as I grew and got older because I knew it made my game very unique.” 

Later in the game against the Kings, Filipowski got in on the scoring action as a result of two corner 3-pointers and a few aggressive takes to the rim. 

“It felt really good to just be out there and help the team any way possible,” Filipowski said postgame. “Just trying to help the cohesion on the offensive end, getting the ball moving, help rebounding and being physical.” 

Against San Antonio, the 20-year-old received his first career start and jumped out of the gate with five points in the opening ninety seconds with a physical finish inside the paint followed by a 3-pointer from the top of the key. 

In an example of what Filipowski can do as a result of his ball-handling and playmaking skills, he caught a pass at the top of the arc and instead of initiating a dribble hand-off as his man (Zach Collins) expected, the rookie immediately began his drive to the rim, catching Collins flat-footed before an impressive finish at the rim. 

“I just think Kyle is a really solid player,” Hardy said Thursday night. “Even though it’s early in his career, I know what to expect from him, he thinks himself through the game well. His physicality around the basket stands out.” 

There will be a lot more to learn for Filipowski and the entire rookie class, but the early signs are promising for the former Duke Blue Devil as he works to carve out a consistent spot in the frontcourt rotation. 

Tags
Kyle Filipowski
Lauri Markkanen
Utah Jazz
Walker Kessler
Related Articles
Utah Jazz Film Study: Walker Kessler’s Resurgence, Lauri Markkanen’s Off-Ball Movement, and More
Walker Kessler Impresses as Jazz Open Road Trip With Loss to Nuggets 
Kyle Filipowski Stands Out in First Career Start as Jazz fall to Spurs 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/utah-jazz-film-study-walker-kessler-lauri-markkanen-and-more 
 ----- 
