Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies’ Austin Gomber dominates Braves in Colorado’s 3-1 victory
Michael Toglia, Ezequiel Tovar hit solo homers
ATLANTA, GEORGIA – SEPTEMBER 5: Austin Gomber #26 of the Colorado Rockies pitches against the Atlanta Braves in the first inning at Truist Park on September 5, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Brett Davis/Getty Images)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 8:52 PM MDT

Austin Gomber aced the Braves on Thursday night at Truist Park.

The left-hander pitched one of the best games of his career, dominating the Braves for eight innings in the Rockies’ 3-1 victory.

Gomber allowed a single run on five hits — just one hit after the second inning — struck out five and didn’t walk any. He threw 92 pitches, 67 for strikes.

Manager Bud Black tipped his cap to Gomber by comparing him to some great Braves southpaws.

“It reminded me, here in Atlanta, of a combination of (Tom) Glavin, Charlie Leibrandt and Steve Avery,” Black told reporters. “‘Gomby threw well. He had a great fastball — up and down, in and out. He had a good hook, good change, good slider.

“He pitched really well. Whether it’s the best he’s pitched all year, I don’t know, but it’s right up there.”

The lefty threw 40% fastballs, 20% curveballs, 20% sliders and 20% changeups.

Thursday marked the fourth time in his career that Gomber pitched eight innings, including on May 22 at Oakland. But he’s never pitched a complete game and never thrown in the ninth inning. Black said eight was enough for Gomber.

“He emptied the tank, he said, in the eighth,” Black told reporters in Atlanta. “Where they were in the order, with (Jorge) Soler and (Marcell) Ozuna and (Matt Olsen) coming up — three really good (hitters) — I thought it was best that we put (closer Tyler) Kinley on those guys.”

Kinley pitched a perfect ninth, striking out Jorge Soler and Marcell Ozuna with nasty sliders, to record his ninth save.

Gomber’s night began with a shaky first inning. The Braves ripped three singles, including Ramon Laureano’s two-out RBI single. Orlando Arcia led off the second with a double but after that, Gomber dominated Atlanta.

Colorado didn’t land many jabs against Braves starter Reynaldo Lopez, who struck out a season-high 11 batters. But the Rockies did land two haymakers. First baseman Michael Toglia blasted a one-out, 451-foot solo homer in the second and shortstop Ezequiel Tovar hit a 387-foot, one-out homer to left in the sixth. Toglia and Tovar have 22 homers apiece, tied with center fielder Brenton Doyle for the most on the team.

“It’s competitive,” Toglia told Rockies.TV. “Me, Tovar and Doyle have this footrace going in the home run department. It’s great when someone pushes the bar higher.”

Michael Toglia #4 of the Colorado Rockies celebrates his solo home run with third base coach Warren Schaeffer #34 against the Atlanta Braves in the second inning at Truist Park on September 5, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Brett Davis/Getty Images)

Lopez gave up just five hits and didn’t walk any, his minuscule ERA rising from 2.00 to 2.04.

But Gomber outpitched Lopez as the Rockies snapped an eight-game losing streak at Truist Park.

“Gomber was fantastic tonight,” Toglia said. “It was one of the best outings I’ve seen from him since I’ve been around. His curveball was really on tonight, with a lot of swing and miss on that.

“I felt like I was falling asleep at first (base) because there were so many easy outs. Lazy flyballs and strikeouts. I had to make sure I stayed locked in.”

Colorado manufactured a run in the seventh off Luke Jackson. Toglia walked, stole second, and raced to third on catcher Sean Murphy’s throwing error. Toglia scored on Nolan Jones’ sacrifice fly to center.

Colorado stole four bases, tying a season-high.

The big blemish on one of the Rockies’ prettiest wins of the season was their 16 strikeouts, including four by Brendan Rodgers. They entered the game with 1,377, the most in the National League.

Jaden Hill promoted: The Rockies have been waiting for weeks to call up hard-throwing right-hander reliever Jaden Hill, but a right hamstring strain delayed his promotion. But Hill, Colorado’s No. 20 prospect according to MLB Pipeline, got the call on Thursday when his contract was selected from Triple-A Albuquerque.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

To make room on the major-league roster, lefty reliever Evan Justice was optioned to Triple-A and right-handed starter Dakota Hudson was transferred to 60-day injured list.

Hill was a second-round draft pick out of LSU in 2021 despite missing the bulk of his final college season because of an elbow injury that required Tommy John surgery.

Hill has made 41 relief appearances between Double-A Hartford and Triple-A Albuquerque this season, his first as a reliever. He was 6-2 with seven saves, a 4.57 ERA, 69 strikeouts and 17 walks.

Friday’s pitching matchup

Rockies RHP Ryan Feltner (1-10, 5.11 ERA) at Brewers RHP Frankie Montas (6-9, 4.70)

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

Radio: 850 AM/94.1 FM

The Rockies are still waiting for Feltner to take the next step. That is, eliminate the bad inning or bad string of pitches that have kept him from being a winning pitcher. For example, despite flashing good stuff, he gave up five runs on six hits in 4 2/3 innings against the Orioles last Saturday at Coors Field. Colorado won the game, 7-5, but Feltner did not get a decision. Feltner has a 3.68 ERA over his last 10 starts but has failed to notch a victory since April 20 at Toronto. He’s made three career starts vs. the Brewers, going 0-1 with a 4.02 ERA.

Montas was acquired from Cincinnati in a July 30 trade in exchange for right-hander Jakob Junis, outfielder Joey Wiemer and cash. The Brewers are 5-1 when he takes the mound, and he’s  2-1 with a 3.82 ERA in those six starts. He’s coming off a no-decision in Milwaukee’s 5-4 win over the Reds last Saturday. He pitched six innings, giving up four runs on seven hits with three walks and four strikeouts. Montas is 2-3 with a 4.13 ERA in five career starts vs. Colorado, including a 1-1 record with a 3.21 ERA in two starts this season.

Pitching probables

Saturday: Rockies TBA at Brewers RHP Tobias Myers (6-5, 3.00), 5:10 p.m.

Sunday: Rockies TBA at Brewers RHP Freddy Peralta (10-7, 3.75), 12:10 p.m.

Monday: Off

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 5, 2024 at 7:54 PM MDT
Around the Web
Blood Sugar is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of High Blood Sugar
Health-Review24
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (Big Pharma Companies Hate This!)
Control Sugar Levels
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Urologist: Swollen Prostate? Do This Immediately
Health News | Prostate
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Recover Your Joints: Try This Trick Before Bed (Eliminate Joint Pain)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? a Discovery That Will Turn Heads!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Oil Changes Prices for Seniors: You Will Be Surprised (See Now)
Oil Change I Search Ads
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Surgeon: People With Sleep Disorders Should Start Doing This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Broncos four downs: Buffalo delivers Sean Payton, Denver season knockout and clinic on how to win in the playoffs
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
How it happened: Broncos’ season ends after Bills dominate AFC wild-card game
Broncos report card: Offense fizzles, Vance Joseph’s defense overwhelmed in blowout wild card loss to Buffalo
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
5
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/05/rockies-austin-gomber-dominates-braves/ 
 ----- 
