Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Braves lose 'frustrating' finale, fall back into tie for 3rd WC spot
Share
Braves lose 'frustrating' finale, fall back into tie for 3rd WC spot
September 6th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA -- A few hours after A.J. Minter used crutches to slowly get to the outfield grass for this year’s team picture, Braves manager Brian Snitker made another questionable decision that further highlighted how quickly his bullpen depth has evaporated.

Or maybe, the problem was the inconsistent offense that was unable to overcome the two solo home runs Reynaldo López surrendered during a 3-1 loss to the Rockies on Thursday night at Truist Park.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Either way, the Braves weakened their postseason bid by losing yet another game they were supposed to win. They split this year’s six-game season series against the Rockies, who own MLB’s second-worst record. The team with the worst record? That would be the historically-bad White Sox, who claimed two of their 32 wins in their three games against Atlanta.

Despite going 31-29 against teams with a losing record, the Braves are still tied with the Mets in the battle for the National League’s final Wild Card spot.

“It’s so frustrating,” López said through an interpreter. “No one wants to give up homers. No one wants to walk guys on four straight pitches. No one wants to lose games. But I think the silver lining is we won the series. We’re just going to turn the page from this and focus on the Toronto series.”

The most frustrating development of this latest loss might have been the inability to solve Rockies starter Austin Gomber, who allowed just one run and five hits over eight innings. Three of those hits, including Ramon Laureano’s RBI single, were recorded in the first.

Orlando Arcia’s leadoff double in the second was the last 100-mph exit velocity surrendered by Gomber, whose four-seamer averaged 89.8 mph.

"He threw well,” Braves first baseman Matt Olson said. “I'm not going to take any credit away from him. Sure, we're probably not seeing many guys at that velo, but he threw well and kept us off balance. We obviously couldn't get anything going.”

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

Gomber entered the night with a 4.69 ERA in 26 starts, and he has allowed a NL-high 27 homers. A Coors Field thing? Not necessarily; he has surrendered 14 of those longballs on the road. But the Braves, who rank third in the Majors with 72 home runs since the All-Star break, counted Arcia’s double as their only extra-base hit.

“It’s just frustrating that we couldn’t score, especially when you get another good start,” Snitker said. “López gives up two solo homers and we scored a run. He struck out 11 guys. It was a really strong start again. Just frustrating.”

Lopez, who has a 2.04 ERA through 23 starts, tallied a season-high 11 strikeouts over six innings. He has recorded two double-digit strikeout totals this year. Both have been recorded within the four starts he has made since spending three weeks on the injured list because of a right forearm tightness.

As frustrating as the offensive performance might have been, these kinds of nights happen. More concerning from a long-term view was Snitker’s decision to give the ball to Luke Jackson with the Braves trailing by one run entering the seventh. A Sean Murphy throwing error accounted for the unearned run allowed by Jackson.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

But the decision to go with Jackson in this situation highlighted the lack of reliable options beyond the Braves’ four top relief options – Raisel Iglesias, Joe Jiménez, Pierce Johnson and Dylan Lee.

Minter, who last appeared against the Rockies on Aug. 11 is done for the year after undergoing season-ending left hip surgery. Jesse Chavez had a 1.32 ERA through the end of June, but has posted a 6.35 ERA -- with a .909 OPS allowed -- in the 16 appearances that have followed. Jackson has a 6.75 ERA in the nine appearances he’s made since the Braves acquired him from the Giants on July 30.

Snitker’s options are limited as he still tries to protect his high-leverage options from being overtaxed. He did like what he saw from John Brebbia, who recorded a pair of strikeouts while working a scoreless ninth in his first appearance with the Braves after being released by the White Sox last week.

“Even though we don’t have a lot of games left, we have enough where we can wear those guys out if we’re not careful,” Snitker said. “Other guys are going to have to step up and do the job also.”

It would also help if the offense that has tallied three runs or less in four of the past five games helps create a greater margin for error on a more consistent basis.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/reynaldo-lopez-strikes-out-11-but-braves-lose-to-rockies 
 ----- 
