  
West Ham vs. Liverpool: 14 hrs 39 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Norwich vs. QPRPreview: Preston vs. Sheff WedsPreview: Udinese vs. TorinoPreview: Sheff Utd vs. West BromToday's previews
Home > Football > Euro 2024 > Denmark > Features
Euro 2024
HomeNewsGroupsFixturesResultsSquadsQualifyingAll you need to knowSchedule
European Championship | Group Stage
Jun 20, 2024 at 5pm UK
Deutsche Bank Park (Frankfurt am Main)
Denmark
1 - 1
England
Hjulmand (34')
 Vestergaard (27'), Maehle (73'), Norgaard (87')
FT
(HT: 1-1)
Kane (18')
 Gallagher (61')
Build-up
Preview
Data Analysis
Lineups
Predicted XI
H2H
Live Commentary
Live Updates
Match Report
Analysis
Ratings
Reaction
FOOTBALL
England at Euro 2024: Foden, Walker out - changes Southgate should make vs Denmark
By Lewis Nolan
Published: June 19 2024 | 15:18
Last updated: June 19 2024 | 15:20
© Reuters

England, like most other favourites across matchday one of Euro 2024, began their campaign in winning fashion on Sunday night with a narrow 1-0 victory over Serbia - although you would not necessarily know it by the reaction.

After a bright start to the contest, during which Jude Bellingham propelled England in front with what proved to be the only goal of the game, Gareth Southgate's men faded somewhat as the match went on, leading to criticism of their all-round performance despite taking maximum points.

Preparations for match two against Euro 2020 semi-finalists Denmark on Thursday are now well underway, with possible changes being mooted as fans urge Southgate to unleash England's full attacking potential.

To do so, Southgate must make several changes to the side that narrowly defeated Serbia - including starting Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back and dropping Phil Foden for Anthony Gordon.

© Reuters

The talent at Southgate's disposal is undeniable but at the same time means he will have to make controversial selection choices, and given Alexander-Arnold's unique in-possession skillset, it would be a waste of his talents to not keep him in the starting XI.

However, if England are to take full advantage of his passing range then starting him at right-back ahead of Kyle Walker would be optimal, especially as he has very minimal experience starting in midfield.

Additionally, while there can be no doubt that Foden is a supremely gifted footballer, who had the best season of his career in 2023-24, the Three Lions would benefit more from Alexander-Arnold's passing if they had an outlet in the forward line who could offer a direct threat with runs behind opposition defences.

In order to avoid the perils of past England squads overloaded with talent, it might be necessary to sacrifice the likes of Foden, Walker and others in order to maximise the current side's potential in Euro 2024.




England's lacklustre Serbia display

© Reuters

Jude Bellingham's winner against Serbia on Sunday saw Gareth Southgate's side go top of Group C, but many fans were disappointed with England's display, particularly as the team increasingly ceded territory and possession to their opponents as time ticked on.

Indeed, the likes of Harry Kane, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Phil Foden all came in for criticism from commentators, with many lamenting the fact that these objectively world-class players were unable to showcase the best of their ability.

Right-back turned left-back Kieran Trippier also disappointed, with the Newcastle United vice-captain struggling to influence proceedings.

This has led to a demand for changes to the side ahead of England's clash with Denmark on Thursday, but doing so presents Southgate with a number of selection dilemmas that could lead to unpopular decisions.




Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back, Joe Gomez at left-back

© Reuters

Liverpool's vice-captain Trent Alexander-Arnold has proven at club level that he is one of the world's best right-backs, winning the Premier League and Champions League in his trophy-laden time on Merseyside.

Internationally, however, the defender missed the Euro 2020 campaign through injury and has only played 112 minutes for England during World Cups.

Despite starting most recently in midfield alongside Declan Rice against Serbia, his performance was not particularly noteworthy and highlighted once again that although many see Alexander-Arnold as a midfielder, he produces his best work as a right-back.

At Liverpool, where the Englishman occupies the right side of defence, he is able to receive passes in deeper and wider zones from which he can create chances, and although he has inverted into midfield from right-back under Jurgen Klopp, he has not been permanently deployed in a midfield position.

Against Serbia he failed to create a single chance, a surprising statistic considering that in the 2023-24 Premier League season he created one every 34 minutes.

This strengthens the argument that he is far more effective as a right-back and should be used as such going forward.

Alexander-Arnold's unique abilities warrant a starting spot in Southgate's side against Denmark, but this would entail dropping veteran Kyle Walker, who many value for his defensive attributes.

© Reuters

However, Walker has struggled defensively at times over the past season for Manchester City, and his ability on the ball is not comparable to his Liverpool counterpart.

Additionally, if England were to start Alexander-Arnold at right-back rather than in midfield, then they could still allow him to drift into central areas just as he has done for Liverpool.

Furthermore, against Denmark's narrow midfield and attack, England could benefit from having a wide creator in the backline as it would give them the platform to spring direct and dangerous counter-attacks when they win possession.

Having said that, some of the criticism regarding the Liverpool right-back's defensive frailties are valid, and it could be an area that the likes of Rasmus Hojlund, Victor Kristiansen and Christian Eriksen look to exploit.

To compensate for this, Southgate should opt to use a more defensively secure left-back such as Joe Gomez so that England can form a back three in possession, while also tasking Marc Guehi to cover the space behind Alexander-Arnold just as Ibrahima Konate does at Liverpool.

Though this would mean dropping Walker and Trippier from the starting lineup, the benefit of maximising Alexander-Arnold's game-changing abilities would far outweigh the potential downside of benching two England veterans.




Adam Wharton to be handed competitive start in midfield

© Reuters

If Southgate were to put Alexander-Arnold at right-back, then this would leave a spot open in midfield.

Crystal Palace's emerging star Adam Wharton would be ideal for this position as his skillset lends itself well to possession-oriented football, and he is at present more defensively robust than Kobbie Mainoo.

For instance, though Wharton might not be as expansive as Alexander-Arnold, his press resistance, ability to receive passes from the backline and quick thinking would allow England to play through Denmark's press.

In addition to this, playing Wharton alongside Rice would allow the Gunners midfielder to play in a box-to-box role similar to the one he played at Arsenal when Jorginho came into the side.

Indeed, at Arsenal Rice excelled playing somewhat more advanced, and if he was provided with the same level of freedom at international level there is every chance that his immense physicality could disrupt the Danes' defensive shape when he bursts into the final third.

Wharton's place in the team could also be vital in the latter stages of the tournament, particularly as his on-ball qualities may be needed against the high-level midfielders that nations such as France and Germany have at their disposal.




Drop Phil Foden for the benefit of the team

© Imago

The first thing to mention is that Phil Foden is an outstanding player and the suggestion that he should be dropped against Denmark has nothing to do with his quality.

However, if England were to play with a more defensively minded left-back such as Gomez then it would be imperative to have a genuine outlet capable of holding width on the left flank.

Foden is not particularly comfortable on the left, and to compensate for this Southgate allowed him to drift into central zones against Serbia while Trippier attacked down the left-hand side instead.

This enabled Foden to become more involved in play alongside Jude Bellingham, but the downside to this was that the likes of Kane and Alexander-Arnold, two of the world's best ranged passers, had no real outlet or runner to play towards.

Trippier did his best to provide width but his lack of pace meant neither of the two aforementioned players could truly threaten the Serbian defence with their passing, evidenced by the fact that neither registered a key pass on Sunday night.

Indeed, Kane thrived at Tottenham Hotspur when dropping deep and playing diagonals towards Son Heung-min, who started on the left, while Alexander-Arnold has always enjoyed switching play to one of Sadio Mane, Luis Diaz or Andrew Robertson in his time at Liverpool.

Marcus Rashford, even in spite of his poor club form, would have been beneficial to have in the squad as his pace could have helped to maximise England's excellent passers, but Anthony Gordon has similar attributes and would provide the Three Lions with a genuine outlet on the left.

If England were to field a front three of Gordon, Kane and Bukayo Saka against Denmark, it would give more balance to their attack and allow others like Alexander-Arnold to influence the game more significantly by playing passes beyond the Danish defence.




England could win the tournament with these changes

© Reuters

Only France can boast a squad as talented as England's, but Southgate will find it difficult to lead his side to victory in Euro 2024 without making difficult choices in regard to his team selection.

Against Denmark, England have the opportunity to show significant improvement from Sunday's outing, but they must field a more balanced XI in order to do so, even if this means replacing talented players such as Foden, Trippier and Walker.

Read more on Denmark vs England
Click here to read our full preview for Denmark vs England
How Denmark could line up against England
How England could line up against Denmark
Denmark vs. England: Head-to-head record and past meetings
Written by
Lewis Nolan
How you voted: Denmark vs England
Denmark
23.9%
Draw
18.3%
England
57.8%
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free daily transfer newsletter! Sent twice a day during the transfer window.  
Read more about Gareth Southgate Trent Alexander-Arnold Phil Foden Kyle Walker Jude Bellingham Harry Kane Kieran Trippier Declan Rice Jurgen Klopp Rasmus Hojlund Victor Kristiansen Christian Eriksen Joe Gomez Marc Guehi Ibrahima Konate Adam Wharton Kobbie Mainoo Jorginho Son Heung-min Sadio Mane Luis Diaz Andrew Robertson Marcus Rashford Anthony Gordon Bukayo Saka Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Key England player misses team training ahead of Denmark clash
Make or break: Postecoglou to be sacked if Spurs lose key game?
Reds to hammer Irons? Why Slot has nearly wrapped up Premier League title
Littler, Van Gerwen made to work for last-16 spot at World Championship
Mainoo talks up Rice, Hojlund, Eriksen ahead of Denmark Euro 2024 clash
Are England playing today?
Steve Holland hailed by key England man after alleged Ben White 'comment'
Jurgen Klopp's greatest games as Liverpool manager
Sport News 24/7 
Premier League
2.30pm
	Leicester	vs	Man City
3pm
	Crystal Palace	vs	Southampton
3pm
	Everton	vs	Nott'm Forest
3pm
	Fulham	vs	Bournemouth
3pm
	Spurs	vs	Wolves
5.15pm
	West Ham	vs	Liverpool
Championship
12.30pm
	Norwich	vs	QPR
12.30pm
	Preston	vs	Sheff Weds
12.30pm
	Sheff Utd	vs	West Brom
3pm
	Blackburn	vs	Hull City
3pm
	Bristol City	vs	Portsmouth
3pm
	Coventry	vs	Millwall
3pm
	Oxford Utd	vs	Plymouth
3pm
	Stoke	vs	Sunderland
3pm
	Swansea	vs	Luton
3pm
	Watford	vs	Cardiff
5.45pm
	Derby	vs	Leeds
8pm
	Middlesbrough	vs	Burnley
Scottish Premiership
3pm
	Celtic	vs	St Johnstone
3pm
	Hibernian	vs	Kilmarnock
3pm
	Motherwell	vs	Rangers
3pm
	Ross County	vs	Hearts
3pm
	St Mirren	vs	Dundee
5.15pm
	Dundee Utd	vs	Aberdeen
Serie A
11.30am
	Udinese	vs	Torino
2pm
	Napoli	vs	Venezia
5pm
	Juventus	vs	Fiorentina
7.45pm
	AC Milan	vs	Roma
Primeira Liga
3.30pm
	Farense	vs	Guimaraes
3.30pm
	Rio Ave	vs	Nacional
6pm
	Braga	vs	Casa Pia
8.30pm
	Sporting Lisbon	vs	Benfica
League One
12.30pm
	Charlton	vs	Wycombe
12.30pm
	Rotherham	vs	Stockport
3pm
	Birmingham	vs	Blackpool
3pm
	Bolton	vs	Lincoln
3pm
	Exeter	vs	Crawley
3pm
	Huddersfield	vs	Burton Albion
3pm
	Leyton Orient	vs	Cambridge
3pm
	Peterborough	vs	Barnsley
3pm
	Reading	vs	Mansfield
3pm
	Shrewsbury	vs	Northampton
3pm
	Stevenage	vs	Bristol Rovers
3pm
	Wrexham	vs	Wigan
League Two
12.30pm
	Bromley	vs	Swindon
12.30pm
	Carlisle	vs	Accrington
3pm
	Bradford	vs	Chesterfield
3pm
	Cheltenham	vs	Notts County
3pm
	Colchester	vs	Doncaster
3pm
	Fleetwood	vs	Harrogate
3pm
	Grimsby Town	vs	Port Vale
3pm
	MK Dons	vs	Crewe
3pm
	Salford City	vs	Morecambe
3pm
	Tranmere	vs	Barrow
3pm
	Walsall	vs	Newport
Serie B
11.30am
	Cremonese	vs	Brescia
2pm
	Bari	vs	Spezia
2pm
	Carrarese	vs	Cesena
2pm
	Mantova	vs	Reggiana
2pm
	Modena	vs	Sudtirol
2pm
	Sassuolo	vs	Cosenza
4.15pm
	Catanzaro	vs	Salernitana
4.15pm
	Cittadella	vs	Palermo
4.15pm
	Juve Stabia	vs	Frosinone
6.30pm
	Sampdoria	vs	Pisa
Australian A-League
6am
	Western Utd	vs	Brisbane Roar
Gallagher Premiership
3pm
	Exeter Chiefs	vs	Gloucester
NFL
1.15am
	Cardinals	@	Rams
6pm
	Jets	@	Bills
6pm
	Panthers	@	Buccaneers
6pm
	Colts	@	Giants
6pm
	Titans	@	Jags
6pm
	Raiders	@	Saints
6pm
	Packers	@	Vikings
9.05pm
	Dolphins	@	Browns
9.25pm
	Cowboys	@	Eagles
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Group A
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Germany	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Switzerland	3	1	2	0	5
3	 Hungary	3	1	0	2	3
4	 Scotland	3	0	1	2	1
Group B
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Spain	3	3	0	0	9
Q	 Italy	3	1	1	1	4
3	 Croatia	3	0	2	1	2
4	 Albania	3	0	1	2	1
Group C
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 England	3	1	2	0	5
Q	 Denmark	3	0	3	0	3
Q	 Slovenia	3	0	3	0	3
4	 Serbia	3	0	2	1	2
Group D
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Austria	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 France	3	1	2	0	5
Q	 Netherlands	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Poland	3	0	1	2	1
Group E
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Romania	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Belgium	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Slovakia	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Ukraine	3	1	1	1	4
Group F
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Portugal	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 Turkey	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 Georgia	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Czech Republic	3	0	1	2	1
> European Championship 2024 overview
1
Reds to hammer Irons? Why Slot has nearly wrapped up Premier League title
2
Agent Ruud: Leicester eyeing ambitious moves for Man United stars?
3
AFC Wimbledon vs. Gillingham - prediction, team news, lineups
4
Make or break: Postecoglou to be sacked if Spurs lose key game?
5
Emma Raducanu vs. Robin Montgomery - prediction, form, head-to-head
6
Could Nkunku, Joao Felix get a chance? Chelsea predicted lineup vs. Ipswich
7
Chelsea out to end Premier League streak in Ipswich Town game
8
Aston Villa vs. Brighton - prediction, team news, lineups
9
Forest looking to end 125-year wait in Everton game
10
Oklahoma City Thunder vs. Memphis Grizzlies - prediction, team news, form guide
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/denmark/euro-2024/feature/drop-foden-walker-changes-england-must-make-against-denmark-at-euro-2024_546215.html 
 ----- 
