We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
 Our cities
THINGS TO DO
TOP NEWS
FOOD & DRINK
CULTURE
ESCAPES
WELLNESS & NATURE
SECRET GUIDES
Watch The India Vs South Africa T20 World Cup Final Live In Delhi At These Venues

With the T20 World Cup closing to its end, catch the nail-biting final between India and South Africa at these best live screening venues in Delhi!

 SHRISTI JAISWAL - STAFF WRITER • JUNE 28, 2024

SHARE THE ARTICLE
Photo via ICC

The ICC Men’s T20 World Series has had an exhilarating season this year. However, like all good things come to an end, so is the series! The intense 55-match series between twenty countries that started on June 1 is finally coming to its grand conclusion on June 29, 2024.

When and where is the India vs South Africa T20 World Cup final?

Make sure to clear out your calendars as India will be playing against South Africa in the T20 World Cup final on June 29. It will be held at the Kensington Oval in Barbados. You can catch its live screening at 8 pm IST.

Where to watch the India vs South Africa T20 World Cup final in Delhi?

Even though the series this year is held in the USA and West Indies, you can catch them at home live on Star Sports Network and the Disney+ Hotstar app and website.

Further, sports bars and live screenings held across the city are exciting ways to experience the series with your group of friends and family. We have therefore curated some of the best places to catch the India vs South Africa T20 World Cup final this year in Delhi.

1. Pebble Street

A local favourite standing tall for over two decades now, Pebble Street in Delhi knows how to make a celebration out of screening live sports events. Often holding specialised offers, you bet that watching the historic sporting feud here would be an evening to remember. Pick from their wide range of delicious appetisers with glasses of beer and a wide range of spirits.

New Friends Colony, Delhi

2. Underdoggs

Boasting a chic interior, Underdoggs holds over 25 TV screens in each bar to make sure you never miss a catch, a six or what was that? Out! Try their delicious bucket of chicken wings and make sure to wash it down with a couple of beers or better yet their hand-crafted cocktails.

Aerocity, New Delhi

3. The Chatter House

One of the best places to sip on some delicious fruity cocktails, and finger-licking appetisers (try the Drums of Heaven, trust us), we recommend you sit back and get comfortable to catch the India vs South Africa match in all its glory. This gastro-pub also serves baby naans with makhani shots and we just CANNOT get enough of it.

Nehru Place and Khan Market

4. My Bar Square

A pocket-friendly bar that champions live sporting events, here you will find drinks ranging from beers to cocktails and spirits at a very reasonable price. So at the risk of sounding like a facilitator, indulge away (responsibly of course)! Offering a scrumptious menu– grab your friends, wear the jersey, and spend the evening catching the exciting India vs South Africa T20 final!

Various outlets across Delhi, choose your pick here

See Also: 10 Of The Best Bars In Delhi That Guarantees A Great Time

GET US IN YOUR INBOX

Sign up to our newsletter for the latest and greatest from your city

 I accept terms & conditions

LATEST POSTS
5 Reasons Why You Should Go To Candlelight: Experience A Shining Evening Of Live Music
JANUARY 2, 2025
7 Best New Year’s Eve Parties in Delhi To Celebrate The Start Of 2025
DECEMBER 27, 2024
20 Best Things To Do In The Capital City This Christmas Season!
DECEMBER 23, 2024
SHARE THE ARTICLE
CULTURE THINGS TO DO
UP 
 
About Secret New Delhi
Advertise with us
List your event
Privacy Policy
Contact
Categories
Things To Do
Top News
Food & Drink
Culture
Escapes
Wellness & Nature
Secret Guides
Our cities 

GET US IN YOUR INBOX

Sign up to our newsletter for the latest and greatest from your city

 I accept terms & conditions

About Secret New Delhi
Advertise with us
List your event
Privacy Policy
Contact
Follow us
 
×
×

TYPE IN YOUR SEARCH AND PRESS ENTER

Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://secretnewdelhi.com/t20-world-cup-delhi/ 
 ----- 
