Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Los Angeles Dodgers
Dodgers' improve their playoff roster: Three secret weapons to watch out for

Dodgers pitching staff is improving

Los Angeles Dodgers pitchers, Shelby Miller (left), Emmet Sheehan (center) and Kyle Hurt (right).LAPRESSE
LW
26/09/2023 - 16:49 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. MLB 2023 Post Season Calendar: This are the keydates for Playoffs and World Series 2023
MLB. Julio Urias receives another career-threatening setback from Mexico

As the playoffs approach, the Los Angeles Dodgers are faced with a challenge of piecing together their pitching staff. While the offense is strong, the pitching staff is nearly improvised, meaning the Dodgers have room for as many high-upside pieces as they can possibly find. With that in mind, there's three secret weapons that the Dodgers must make sure are on their 2023 Playoff Roster.

First up is Shelby Miller. After returning from injury on Aug. 31, Miller has been impressive, maintaining a 1.80 ERA and striking out approximately a batter per inning. Since returning from injury, Miller has yet to allow an earned run across 10 outings.

While it's impossible to say if the shift in gears is permanent or if the Dodgers can count on Miller going forward to 2024, he might be the most untouchable option in the Dodgers' bullpen, and heading into October, he deserves a routine crack at high-leverage innings.

Next is Emmet Sheehan. While his surface numbers remain middling, he's done his best work in recent days. In his Sept. 21 outing against the San Francisco Giants, Sheehan struck out a career-high nine men across just 18 batters faced, recording 16 swings and misses (as well as two foul tips), equating to an impressive 18 "whiffs" in the record books.

To ignore Sheehan's recent trends in a search for stability would be shortsighted. While Lance Lynn has relief experience, much of it has been quite poor, and he failed after being asked to play fireman in the 2018 postseason for the Yankees.

Last, but not least
MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Brittany Maho...
Marca

Lastly, Kyle Hurt was called up when Walker Buehler was shut down for the season and threw two perfect innings for the Dodgers in one appearance before being sent back down to Oklahoma City. It felt like, when Hurt was promoted, that he was being brought to the bigs to audition for a postseason roster spot. The flamethrowing righty would theoretically have passed any such audition with flying colors based on the data provided.

In conclusion, while there are many options for the Dodgers' pitching staff, these three secret weapons deserve a spot on their 2023 Playoff Roster.

MLB - English
Los Angeles Dodgers - English
Tampa Bay RaysBad news for the Tampa Bay Rays: Randy Arozarena picks up a muscular injury
CelebritiesAlex Rodriguez reveals the weight loss secret that helped him lose 30 pounds in months
Milwaukee BrewersMilwaukee Brewers' merciless 12-run rally has the Marlins looking for cover at LoanDepot Park
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ben Affleck return s to his Pacific P...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers/2023/09/26/651351c822601db8278b45ce.html 
 ----- 
