Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
New Orleans attack
Cybertruck explosion
Rose Bowl
Montenegro shooting
Sugar Bowl
SPORTS
Nicholas Pooran blasts 98 as the West Indies overwhelm Afghanistan at the T20 World Cup
1 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Nicholas Pooran hits six against Afghanistan during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

2 of 12 |  

West Indies’ batsman Brandon King walks off the field, bolted by Afghanistan’s Azmatullah Omarzai, right, during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
3 of 12 |  

West Indies’ batsmen Johnson Charles, left, and Nicholas Pooran bump gloves during their partnership against Afghanistan in an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
4 of 12 |  

West Indies’ bowler Akeal Hosein (7) celebrates the dismissal of Rahmanullah Gurbaz during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

5 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Nicholas Pooran bats against Afghanistan during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

6 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Nicholas Pooran bats against Afghanistan during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

7 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Johnson Charles hits a boundary against Afghanistan during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

8 of 12 |  

West Indies’ wicket keeper Nicholas Pooran celebrates the dismissal of Afghanistan’s Gulbadin Naib, right, during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
9 of 12 |  

Afghanistan’s Azmatullah Omarzai hit a six against West Indies during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

10 of 12 |  

West Indies’ captain Rovman Powell, left, celebrates with bowler Akeal Hosein the dismissal of Afghanistan’s Karim Janat during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
11 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Johnson Charles hold the ball after taking the catch to dismiss Afghanistan’s Najibullah Zadran during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
12 of 12 |  

West Indies’ Obed McCoy celebrates after he bowled out Afghanistan’s Mohammad Nabi during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Monday, June 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Updated 4:29 AM UTC, June 18, 2024
Share

GROS ISLET, St. Lucia (AP) — Nicholas Pooran scored 98 runs from 53 balls as the West Indies made 218-5 and beat Afghanistan by 104 runs on Monday in the final match in the group stage at the Twenty20 World Cup.

Both teams already had qualified for the Super Eight stage but the West Indies finished unbeaten and atop Group C.

Obed McCoy took 3-14 as Afghanistan was bowled out for 114 in 16.2 overs and the West Indies sent a message to future rivals in the playoff stage. The West Indies play their first Super Eight match against the United States on Wednesday.

Pooran’s total was the highest individual total at the tournament and carried him past 2,000 runs in Twenty20 internationals. He hit eight sixes and six fours in an explosive innings which propelled the West Indies to the highest team total at the tournament.

“There were many important moments and at the end of the day it’s all about team success,” Pooran said. “I felt like it was my day and I had to take the responsibility. When it’s your day you have to make it your day.”

Earlier, pace bowler Lockie Ferguson achieved the most economical bowling figures in Twenty20 internationals as New Zealand earned a consolation closing win against Papua New Guinea.

RELATED STORIES
Rutherford blasts 80-ball 113 in successful chase for West Indies against Bangladesh
Rana 5-for and Mehidy blitz lead Bangladesh to 211-run lead over West Indies on Day 3
Kane Williamson makes 156 as New Zealand sets England 658 to win the 3rd test

Pooran took advantage of perfect batting conditions at the Daren Sammy Stadium, launching shots to all parts of the ground and taking 62 runs from blows which pierced or cleared the boundaries.

Afghanistan had played its previous matches on difficult, turning pitches on which seamer Fazalhaq Farooqi and its spinners had dominated. It bowled out Uganda for 58, New Zealand for 75 and Papua New Guinea for 95.

The West Indies surpassed the highest of those totals Monday in fewer than seven overs.

After five overs the West Indies were 85-1 and 92-1 at the end of the six-over power play, the highest total in a power play in T20 World Cup history.

Pooran hit sixes from the second and third balls of the 20th over to reach 97, the highest individual total in the World Cup so far. Just as a century seemed inevitable he was run out going back for a second run from the fourth ball, beaten by a direct hit at the striker’s end.

Farooqi who is the leading wicket-taker at the tournament finished with 0-38, captain Rashid Khan 0-45 and Omarzai 1-41. Gulbadin’s 2-14 from two overs stood out as a shining light among the gloom of the Afghanistan bowlers.

There was no reprieve for Afghanistan when it batted. Rahmanullah Gurbaz was out to the third ball of its innings, a wicket maiden bowled by Akeal Hossein. After its power play, Afghanistan was 45-1 and after 10 overs it was 66-5 as McCoy dismantled the top order.

“The way they batted, scoring around 90 runs in the power play, it is tough to come back from that,” Rashid said. “It’s good this loss happened at this stage, not in a do-or-die game. ”

Ferguson figures for New Zealand

Ferguson bowled four maiden overs and claimed three wickets as PNG was bowled out for 78 runs in 19.4 overs.

The target was run down by New Zealand at 79-3 in 12.2 overs. Devon Conway top-scored with 35.

Ferguson’s figures were only the second instance of a bowler not conceding any runs in a four-over spell in T20s. The other was in 2021 by Canada’s Saad Bin Zafar, who picked up two wickets for no runs in four overs against Panama.

“A tough wicket to bat on, nice to bowl on,” Ferguson said.

PNG’s batting failed against New Zealand’s pace attack. Eight wickets were lost to fast bowling, with Tim Southee taking 2-11. Trent Boult returned 2-14 in four overs in his last T20 appearance for the Black Caps.

New Zealand finished third in Group C behind the West Indies and Afghanistan, while PNG went winless in its maiden T20 World Cup.

___

AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michigan couple die days apart after separate accidents betwe en Christmas and New Year's Day
Smooth scaling for peak retail performance
CIO | Google & Shopify
:
Advertisement
An aspiring nurse, a football star, a single mother and a father of 2 killed in New Orlea...
Mikaela Shiffrin aiming to be back on snow 'in the next week or so' following November...
Woman owed man $400 for SUV when she and her baby were killed in Connecticut,...
How Long Does $1 Million Last After 60?
Investors with a $1M+ portfolio, download “The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income” to learn ways to build wealth when it matters...
Fisher Investments
|
Advertisement
Learn More
NYC jail staff blocked medics from treating 23-year-old...
A jail oversight board has found that New York City correction officers repeatedly...
AP News
Prosecutor's review finds new suspects in 1996 double killing...
A suburban New York prosecutor says a reinvestigation has identified two suspec...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Oreg on (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Plus-Size Folks Are Relieving Chronic Knee Pain Using This
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Get Sample
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroo...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Transform Your Space with 3D Hummingbird s [Buy]
3D Hummingbird Crystal Ball
Advertisement:
Read More
Transform Smiles Disc reetly With Invisible Braces
Invisible Braces
Advertisement:
Learn More
AP News Quiz - Jan. 2, 2025
Test your news knowledge with the daily quick quiz. The faster you answer the fiv...
AP News
Man who kidnapped California woman in what was initially...
Prosecutors say a man who kidnapped and sexually assaulted a Northern California...
AP News
Recognize First Signs of Atopic Dermatitis in Seniors
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
The killing of an 18-year-old Ohio woman was solved with...
The cold case of Debra Lee Miller was reopened in 2021 to account for advance...
AP News
Montenegro mourns after gunman kills at least 12 people...
Shock and dismay prevails in Montenegro after a gunman fatally shot 12 people incl...
AP News
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit Allowance
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Empty Cruises Departing From Oregon That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
Contribute to Clinical Research
Lilly Trials:Advertisement
Learn More
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Better Health News:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/t20-cricket-world-cup-d41d2f9bd9bfa746f319defd7c94b52a 
 ----- 
