Skip to content
Subscribe Now
19°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETS
Nikola Jokic says Victor Wembanyama is “going to be remembered forever”
Victor Wembanyama’s 100th career NBA game, on the eve of his 21st birthday, ended with a defensive stop against Nikola Jokic.
Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic, right, looks to pass the ball as San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama defends in the second half of an NBA basketball game Friday, Jan. 3, 2025, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: January 4, 2025 at 3:28 PM MST

The most compelling possible 1-on-1 matchup to decide an NBA game transpired on the third night of 2025.

Nikola Jokic holding the basketball at the free-throw line. Victor Wembanyama defending the basket and protecting a one-point lead.

Nine years of age separated them as Jokic tried to get to his patented shot, the Sombor Shuffle, on Friday night in Denver. But here’s how fast Wembanyama is catching up to arguably the world’s best player: When they rematch 24 hours later in San Antonio, they will only be eight years apart.

The younger man won the battle at Ball Arena, surviving a matchup that puts hair on his chest every time. A few hours later, he turned 21.

“Multiple-time MVP. Soon to be MVP again,” Wembanyama said, describing Jokic. “Can’t ask for a better way to get better.”

The three-time league MVP returned the compliment by calling Wembanyama “one that’s going to be remembered forever.”

The final play will likely appear on Wembanyama’s highlight reel for his Defensive Player of the Year candidacy. Jamal Murray inbounded the ball to Jokic with 17 seconds remaining and played chase, receiving a handoff to initiate a two-man game that “usually works good” in clutch situations, as Jokic highlighted. Murray, who blamed himself for the 113-110 loss after a 6-for-17 shooting night, dribbled to the left elbow then passed to Jokic at the nail. The point guard backed off to the perimeter as Jokic sized up Wembanyama and prepared to improvise.

“Maybe I should just shoot it right away,” Jokic said in hindsight. “Then I tried to get into contact, and (Julian) Champagnie was kind of creeping in. I couldn’t get into contact with Wemby.”

The threat of Champagnie’s help and the double-team from Keldon Johnson were a hindrance. Jokic was afraid Champagnie would poke the ball away if he continued to back down Wembanyama.

“I tried to shoot the fadeaway, but he already gathered, so I (thought) he would block it,” Jokic continued. “So maybe I should actually let him block it, and hopefully the ball was going to be out of bounds (off San Antonio).”

Instead, he tried to audible as he was going into his shot — one of the most untouchable shots in the sport. The Sombor Shuffle, nicknamed after his hometown in Serbia, is so special in part because Jokic seems to reserve it for only the most essential situations. In the quarterfinals of the Olympics last summer, he went to it during the last minute of overtime, completing a 24-point comeback against Australia to send Serbia to the medal round.

It’s a one-legged fadeaway, catapulted out of a bizarre but impenetrable release point behind the 6-foot-11 center’s head.

Jokic rarely ever passes out of that release point, because he rarely needs to. Wembanyama is the exception. Feeling the Frenchman’s wingspan, Jokic tried to slingshot a cross-court pass to Michael Porter Jr. on the left wing. It never stood a chance. Devin Vassell intercepted it and returned it for a dunk.

“It was a bad turnover,” Jokic said.

Only his second of the game. The Sombor Shuffle had encountered the Le Chesnay Lean.

“I got a little piece of it,” Wembanyama said. “It’s not something that’s easy to do in a full game, contesting this specific shot during a full game. Because there’s lots of counters (Jokic uses). But in a position like this, it was good defense.”

“Of course he can do it,” Jokic said, “because he’s a special player.”

The Nuggets could have used a timeout to advance the ball with 1.7 seconds remaining, but the Spurs were disorganized after the dunk. Murray hurried to the ball and fired a long inbound pass to Porter, who got up a fairly clean 3-point look at the buzzer. It was wide right. Jokic, in retrospect, believed it was a mistake for neither Michael Malone nor the players to call one. Porter reasoned that “when a team’s up three nowadays, teams are just zoning up the 3-point line, and they’re gonna foul as soon as you get the ball in, so sometimes it’s better to not call the timeout.”

“That hasn’t been us. Usually we’re really good in terms of closing games and finishing games, and we just weren’t able to do it tonight,” Malone said.

Denver’s spacing around Jokic was especially costly in allowing San Antonio to generate the game-winning steal. After he caught the ball at the foul line, the Nuggets emptied the strong side, giving him half the floor to operate but depriving him of an easy escape valve. Often when Jokic posts up, Denver keeps a shooter one pass away to counter double-teams. In this case, once Jokic turned his back to Wembanyama, double-teaming him was lower-risk.

The Spurs still had to leave someone relatively open on the weak side, naturally, and they were content with the possibility of a Russell Westbrook spot-up three — he is a 32% outside shooter this season. Jokic didn’t have a clear passing lane to Westbrook as a cutter, and the space was also clogged by Christian Braun occupying the dunker spot.

Jokic’s only choice other than to try his luck with the Sombor Shuffle against Wembanyama was to heave the desperate cross-court pass toward Porter. The spacing wasn’t correct for a post-up, Jokic acknowledged, but he didn’t take issue with his teammates’ locations on the floor “because (the play-call) was not a post-up; it was a nail play, nail isolation,” he said. “And I kind of waited, and then I went to the post. Yeah, so it was different. Definitely, I could do better, at least just to take a shot.”

“I think getting guys cleared out is good,” Porter said. “And then just spacing the right way on the back side. … It happened kind of fast, because we all thought he was gonna try to go score.”

Jokic finished with 41 points and 18 rebounds, but on 15-of-36 shooting. Wembanyama, fittingly playing his 100th career game, led the Spurs with a more efficient 35 points and 18 boards. He played most of the fourth quarter with five fouls, knocking down pivotal pull-up and side-step 3-pointers that would have seemed unfathomable for a 7-foot-3 center to attempt two years ago.

San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama, left, greets forward Julian Champagnie, right, while taking the court for an NBA basketball game against the Denver Nuggets, Friday, Jan. 3, 2025, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
RELATED ARTICLES
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors

“When I watch (the Spurs), it kind of reminds me of how we use Nikola,” Malone said before Friday’s game. “They put him in every conceivable action. He’s gonna set a ball screen. He’s gonna handle on a ball screen. He’s gonna set a pin-down. He’s gonna receive a pin-down. He’s gonna get an elbow iso.”

The moment Wembanyama was drafted first overall by San Antonio in 2023, contenders such as Denver were instantly on the clock to maximize their championship windows. The Spurs (18-16) are already overachieving in his second season while he averages 26 points and four blocks. His 100th game was also a reminder that Jokic’s “best in the world” window is finite — even if he’s still getting MVP endorsements from Wembanyama himself.

“Jokic is one of the guys who, despite getting double-teamed every game, makes his teammates better,” the 20-year-old (at the time) said. “And that’s 100% what I want to be.”

Originally Published: January 4, 2025 at 9:21 AM MST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
A 60-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All over
Dotmalls
Taking Metformin? Use This Household Food to Lower Blood Sugar Naturally
Diabetes Freedom
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Las Vegas: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Click & See)
Senior Living
Diabetologist: Do This Immediately to Lower Blood Sugar (It's Genius)
Sugar Defender
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Neuropathy? When the Burning, Tingling & Numbness Won't Stop - Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Can't Sleep? Doctor Begs: "Anyone With Insomnia - Do This Before Bed Next Time"
WG Sleep Health
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Spray Wd-40 Up Your Faucets at Night, Here's Why
Daily Living Tech
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
This One Simple Trick Erases Joint Pain Faster Than You Can Imagine!
Healthier Living Tips
10 Foods You Avoid when You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
From Bo Nix to a defensive overhaul, Broncos’ surge to postseason powered by transformative offseason
U.S. has skirted a recession, but watch for big shifts in trade and immigration policies, economist advises
Teen arrested after fatal shooting outside northeast Aurora home
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
Broncos’ Pat Surtain II more than just shutdown cornerback. His teammates’ advice? Just roll the tape.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
2025
January
4
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2025/01/04/nikola-jokic-victor-wembanyama-remembered-forever-nuggets-spurs-ending/ 
 ----- 
