Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
REGISTERJoin Craig Grossi, author and Marine Corps veteran, in conversation with Maine Voices Live
Maine weather, local news & community coverage. Subscribe to find out what's in store for 2025.
Boston Red Sox
Sports
Triston Casas homers three times in Game 1, Red Sox sweep Twins

Casas drives in seven runs in Boston's 8-1 victory in the first game, while Romy Gonzalez hits a three-run home run in an 9-3 win in Game 2.

Posted September 22, 2024
Updated September 22, 2024
Ken Powtak
Associated Press
4 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Triston Casas, center, celebrates with Trevor Story and Masataka Yoshida after hitting a three-run home run in the third inning of the Red Sox’s 8-1 win over the Twins on Sunday in Boston. Casas homered in his first three at-bats. Michael Dwyer/Associated Press

BOSTON — The struggling Minnesota Twins were swept in a split doubleheader against Boston on Sunday, when Romy Gonzalez hit a three-run homer and drove in four runs in the nightcap to lead the Red Sox to a 9-3 victory.

Losing for the 13th time in 19 games, the Twins fell a game behind both Detroit and Kansas City for the AL’s final two wild-card spots. They own the tiebreaker over both.

“We do feel like we’re in a funk and we’re not scoring the runs we need to. We know what it feels like, we know what it looks like. We’ve done it many times before,” Twins Manager Rocco Baldelli said. “There’s no way to force it in our game. You can’t make it happen, you can’t put the ball in the best player’s hands. You have to do it as a team. … We’re thinking about this. That’s all I think about. I go to bed every night thinking about this all the time.”

Minnesota (81-75) is just 11-22 since going 17 games over .500 on Aug. 17.

0:00
/
0:24
Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is upDave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

“It was an especially tough day today, we lost both games,″ Twins first baseman Carlos Santana said in a quiet clubhouse. ”We go back home, six more games left and try to finish strong. We have to finish strong.″

The Red Sox won for just the ninth time in 23 games to get back to .500 (78-78) after fading in the playoff chase. They’re only 24-36 since the All-Star break.

Advertisement

In the opener, Triston Casas homered in his first three at-bats and drove in seven runs, carrying the Red Sox to an 8-1 victory.

With the Twins leading the second game 2-0 in the fifth, Gonzalez’s sent his three-run drive into the Green Monster seats in deep left-center off Cole Irvin (6-6).

Jarren Duran had a two-run double off the Monster in Boston’s six-run sixth that increased it to 9-2. Gonzalez added a sacrifice fly, and Masataka Yoshida and Connor Wong both had an RBI single.

Kutter Crawford (9-15) pitched a career-high 7 2/3 innings, allowing three runs and eight hits with seven strikeouts and no walks.

Pitcher Kutter Crawford tips his hat to the crowd as he walks off the mound pitching 7 2/3 innings in the Red Sox’s 9-3 win over the Twins on Sunday at Fenway Park in Boston. Michael Dwyer/Associated Press

Minnesota’s Kyle Farmer extended his hitting streak to 13 games.

The nightcap was the makeup from Saturday’s rainout.

Advertisement

With a chance at tying history and the crowd cheering in the first game, the 24-year-old Casas grounded out in his fourth at-bat. He never got up again.

“I felt the most locked in I have all season,” Casas said. “I wasn’t going in with the intention to beat the ball to a spot. I was reacting to where it was, and keeping my posture and letting the bat go over the right part of the plate.”

The record for homers in a game is four, and it’s been done 18 times in MLB history.

The last to hit four in a game was J.D. Martinez, on Sept. 4, 2017, when he was playing for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers. No AL player has done it since Josh Hamilton, playing for Texas, did it against the Baltimore Orioles May 8, 2012.

Casas’ first came with two runners on off a first-pitch fastball from Pablo López (15-9) in the opening inning and sailed an estimated 400 feet, landing in the seats behind Boston’s bullpen. His second – also off López – was an opposite field drive into the Monster seats in the third, also with two runners on that made it 6-0. Casas’ third was on the first pitch from reliever Brent Headrick leading off the fifth inning that gave the Red Sox an 8-1 lead.

Nick Pivetta (6-11) gave up an unearned run in five innings.

Advertisement

López was tagged for seven runs and nine hits in four innings. He had allowed two or fewer runs in 10 of his last 12 starts.

“There’s no sugar-coating it. Not the performance I was looking for, especially with what this game means,” he said. “Didn’t provide the length, didn’t provide the quality.”

Red Sox Manager Alex Cora was ejected in the first inning. He became irate after the umpiring crew came together and decided to allow Byron Buxton to advance to third on an interference call at second on a pickoff attempt.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Red Sox: OF Tyler O’Neill didn’t play because he’s been dealing with back tightness.

 Copy the Story Link
RELATED HEADLINES
Red Sox third baseman Rafael Devers doesn’t need surgery, expects to be ready for spring training

Join the Conversation

Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.

Send questions/comments to the editors.

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
BOSTON RED SOX
Did trades, free-agent signings fix Red Sox’s No. 1 issue?
BOSTON CELTICS
Celtics hint at crucial improvements after beating Nuggets for a 3-1 trip
BOSTON RED SOX
Walker Buehler guaranteed $21.05 million from Red Sox
BOSTON RED SOX
Here is a look at some bullpen options for the Red Sox
SPORTS
Patriots, Red Sox still reeling from loss of generational talents
LATEST ARTICLES
TIMES RECORD OPINION
And now, a new year we must face
COPS & COURTS
Maine State Police overtime reaches record $8.5M
LETTERS
Letter: How many years does it take to build a bridge?
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
Society Notebook: Yellow Tulip fundraiser grows capacity for youth mental health programs
LETTERS
Letter: Unfinished business remains on Social Security
MOST READ STORIES
Cafe Louis in South Portland will close after 4 years in business
Flu surging in Maine; COVID-19 prevalence also ‘very high’
New details emerge in Mt. Ararat hockey team hazing investigation
Are Mainers paying to keep their license plate numbers?
Judge sides with Maine religious order in child sexual abuse case
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
 
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2024/09/22/triston-casas-homers-three-times-as-red-sox-win-first-game-of-doubleheader-with-twins/ 
 ----- 
