Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
Lionel Messi and Jordi Alba subbed out of Inter Miami match in first half with injuries

The Argentinian star was making his return following a short layoff.

Lionel Messi subs out of the game against Toronto.Apple TV
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 20/09/2023 - 19:54 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLS. Solidarity Forever: Inter Miami's support of striking workers speaks volumes
MLS. David Beckham reveals hardships he faced while at the peak of his fame

In a concerning development for Inter Miami, Lionel Messi had to be subbed out before the first half ended in their game against Toronto FC in MLS action on Wednesday night.

Messi was making his return to the pitch following a two-week rest period which came on the back of several games played over the first month and a half of his time in Miami. But before the game reached halftime, Messi called for a substitution.

Lionel Messi subs out of game against Toronto FC with hamstring issue.MLS / Apple TV

According to Gaston Edul and Vero Brunati, Messi has been dealing with a right hamstring strain that kept him out of games against Ecuador with the national team and against Atlanta United last Saturday.

Messi wasn't the only one to leave this game in the first half. In fact, he was the fourth player substituted. Victor Vazquez was replaced by Brandon Servania, who also had to leave just 14 minutes after coming on for Toronto.

Lionel Messi's shocking injury triggers mass exodus of fans at DRV PNK stadiumRoberto Ortega
MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Mike Tyson...
Marca

In the 34th minute, Messi's teammate Jordi Alba left the field with a hamstring injury. Alba was seen on the bench with ice on the area.

Inter Miami's next match will be on Sunday on the road against Orlando City. They will then play the Houston Dynamo in the U.S. Open Cup final at home one week from today.

MLS - English
Inter Miami - English
Lionel Messi - English
MLS - Major League SoccerSolidarity Forever: Inter Miami's support of striking workers speaks volumes
Inter MiamiTata Martino asks for calm with Leo Messi: When will he return to Inter Miami?
MLSThierry Henry explains why Messi didn't fail at PSG
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
Nick Saban gets caught off guard...
Marca
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
【辻利茶舗】新春限定禮盒預購優惠開跑！任選3盒即享9折優惠，傳遞幸福不留遺憾！
辻利茶舖
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/21/650b9206e2704e5d578b4597.html 
 ----- 
