Sunday, January 12, 2025
Home
>
Sports
>
NBA: Giannis Antetokounmpo’s triple-double leads Milwaukee Bucks past Toronto Raptors
NBA: Giannis Antetokounmpo’s triple-double leads Milwaukee Bucks past Toronto Raptors

Anthony Nlebem 

January 7, 2025

Giannis Antetokounmpo

Share

Giannis Antetokounmpo recorded his fourth triple-double of the season as the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to a 128-104 victory over the Toronto Raptors in an NBA Monday night game.

Antetokounmpo tallied 11 points, 12 rebounds, and a season-high 13 assists, orchestrating a Bucks offense that snapped a two-game skid.

Damian Lillard added 25 points for Milwaukee, who had struggled recently, losing four of their last five games — all against teams with losing records. Despite missing Khris Middleton due to an ankle injury, the Bucks comfortably handled the Raptors, who now sit at 8-28.

Read Also: Giannis Antetokounmpo: Compelling facts about Greek-Nigerian NBA Star powering Igbo literacy

Bucks head coach Doc Rivers praised Antetokounmpo’s passing, particularly his 10 first-half assists, which set the tone for the team. “When your best player does that, it becomes contagious, and the ball just moved,” Rivers said.

Related News
Sanwo-Olu swears in LASIEC chairman, members
Upbringing: Delta CP cautions parents as 'Princess' fakes own kidnap to enrich boyfriend with N2m ransom
Victims of Okija rice stampede buried in Anambra

The only blemish for the Bucks was a cut Antetokounmpo suffered on his right little finger while attempting a block late in the first half. Rivers confirmed the injury required stitches, but Antetokounmpo stayed in the game, ultimately resting in the fourth quarter alongside Lillard as the Bucks maintained a comfortable lead.

In other NBA action, Zach LaVine led the Chicago Bulls to a comeback 114-110 victory over the San Antonio Spurs. Zach LaVine delivered a near triple-double with 35 points, 10 rebounds, and eight assists, leading the Bulls back from a 19-point third-quarter deficit. Coby White added 23 points, including a go-ahead layup and a dunk in the final minute.

Cade Cunningham’s impressive performance helped the Detroit Pistons overcome a significant early deficit to defeat the Portland Trail Blazers 118-115. Cunningham scored 32 points and dished out nine assists, leading Detroit back from an early 22-point deficit.

The Bucks, Bulls, and Pistons each earned dramatic wins on a night of standout performances and thrilling comebacks across the NBA league.

Anthony Nlebem

Head of Sports at BusinessDay Media, a seasoned Digital Content Producer, and FIFA/CAF Accredited Journalist with over a decade of sports reporting.Has a deep understanding of the Nigerian and global sports landscape and skills in delivering comprehensive and insightful sports content.

Share

Join BusinessDay whatsapp Channel, to stay up to date

 Open In Whatsapp




YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
SPORTS
Guardiola: Kyle Walker wants Man City exit
SPORTS
Pinnick defends Eric Chelle's appointment as Super Eagles coach
SPORTS
FA Cup: Chiesa records first Liverpool goal in four goals cruise over Accrington
Recommended for you
Recommended by

Business Day, established in 2001, is a daily business newspaper based in Lagos. It is the only Nigerian newspaper with a bureau in Accra, Ghana. It has both daily and Sunday titles. It circulates in Nigeria and Ghana

Read More...

MORE
For Digital Adverts : digitalsales@businessday.ng
Call Us :08033225506 , 08026011296, 07013338794
WhatsApp Us : 08068545123
Advert And Rates
Copyright
OTHER PAGES
BDFX
BusinessDay Conferences & Events
BD Foundation
BusinessDay Intelligence
About Us
BDLEAD
New Generals take charge in major Army shakeup
Jan 12, 2025
Nigerians hinge hope for rosy 2025 on affordable energy costs, people-oriented policies
Jan 12, 2025
Parents edgy over challenging fees as schools resume
Jan 12, 2025
Nigerian undergraduates waste productive years in school
Jan 12, 2025
Login

© 2023 - Businessday NG. All Rights Reserved.

Subscribe to our notifications for the latest news and updates. You can disable anytime.
Subscribe
Later
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://businessday.ng/sports/article/nba-giannis-antetokounmpos-triple-double-leads-milwaukee-bucks-past-toronto-raptors/ 
 ----- 
