MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Anthony Davis has 31 points and 14 rebounds to lead Lakers past the Pelicans 104-99
Updated Nov. 16, 2024 10:41 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Anthony Davis had 31 points and 14 rebounds and the Los Angeles Lakers extended their winning streak to five games with a 104-99 victory over the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday night.

LeBron James highlighted a 21-point performance with a pair of pivotal 3-pointers in the final minutes, but his career-long four-game triple-double streak came to an end.

Rookie Dalton Knecht hit five 3s to finish with a career-high 27 points in a spot start for the Lakers.

One night after posting 40 points and 12 rebounds in a victory at San Antonio, Davis reached the 30-point plateau for the eighth time in 12 games played this season.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Brandon Ingram scored 32 points, and reserve Jaylen Nowell scored 16 points for the Pelicans, who've lost 10 of their last 12 games.

Takeaways

Lakers: Cam Reddish (lower right leg) did not play after leaving Friday night's game in San Antonio earlier than usual. ... Austin Reaves scored 10 points but missed seven of nine 3-point shots.

Pelicans: Although forward Trey Murphy III was given the night off as he works his way back from a preseason hamstring injury, injury-depleted New Orleans kept the game competitive with grit and energy. Despite having just 10 players in uniform, the Pelicans led 56-46 at halftime but couldn't quite get the win.

Key moment
Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026? Yep.
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Right after a clutch 3 by Ingram gave the Pelicans a late two-point lead, James responded with consecutive 3s to put the Lakers up 101-97 with 37 seconds left.

Key stat

The Lakers outscored the Pelicans in the paint, 52-40.

Up next

The Lakers return to NBA Cup action at home against Utah on Tuesday night, the same night the Pelicans also resume NBA Cup group play at Dallas.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Anthony Davis
Los Angeles Lakers
National Basketball Association
Cam Reddish
Jaylen Nowell
Brandon Ingram
LeBron James
New Orleans Pelicans
Los Angeles Lakers
NBA - Los Angeles Lakers vs. New Orleans Pelicans - 11/17/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/anthony-davis-has-31-points-and-14-rebounds-to-lead-lakers-past-the-pelicans-10499 
 ----- 
