Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Not too late to give
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
Boxing
Rugby league
Racing
US sports
View image in fullscreen
Australia brushed aside New Zealand by 27 runs under the DLS method to complete a clean sweep of the T20I series. Photograph: Michael Bradley/AFP/Getty Images
Cricket
 This article is more than 10 months old
Australia seal T20 series sweep of New Zealand with resounding win in 10-over slog
This article is more than 10 months old
Australia (118-4) bt New Zealand (98-3) by 27 runs (DLS method)
Steve Smith dismissed for four runs early in rain-affected clash
Australian Associated Press
Sat 24 Feb 2024 23.36 EST
Share
20

Australia have endured three rain delays on their way to a clean sweep of their T20I series with New Zealand, posting a 27-run win in Auckland.

However, former skipper Steve Smith suffered another setback on Sunday as he attempts to make the squad for June’s T20 World Cup, failing to deliver once more.

Australia posted 118-4 from 10.4 overs in an innings interrupted twice by Auckland showers.

A third rain delay ended their innings and set the Black Caps a revised total of 126 to chase in 10 overs, but the hosts were well held to 98-3 by Australia’s bowlers at Eden Park.

Australia cruise to 72-run T20 win over New Zealand and retain Chappell-Hadlee Trophy
Read more

With little on the line in the dead rubber, most attention centred on Smith’s performance with the bat.

The 34-year-old has been reinvented as a top-order option late in his career, and was given another shot at opening with David Warner absent.

But Smith departed meekly after three balls to suggest he has a tenuous grip on a place in the squad for what would be his fourth World Cup.

The 34-year-old got off the mark with a textbook pull to the boundary, but two balls later was caught half-heartedly attempting to cut a rising Adam Milne delivery, snicking it to wicketkeeper Tim Seifert.

Smith was the only Australian batsman dismissed without leaving a significant mark on the rain-affected clash.

Matt Short (27 off 11 deliveries) and Glenn Maxwell (20 off nine) played explosive hands, with Travis Head (33 off 30) accumulating well.

Finishers Josh Inglis (14 off eight) and Tim David (eight off three) were left when the rain ended their stint at the crease.

New Zealand, understrength again with key absences including Kane Williamson, Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra, never looked likely in their chase.

The early dismissals of Will Young and Tim Siefert brought the key duo of Finn Allen and Glenn Phillips to the crease, needing 96 from 43 balls.

Phillips fumed as Nathan Ellis produced four straight dot balls with outswingers, an over which saw the required run-rate push out from 12 to 15 an over.

It only ballooned further when Allen holed out off the bowling of Adam Zampa soon after, the contest getting away from the Black Caps.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Australia Sport

Free newsletter

Get a daily roundup of the latest sports news, features and comment from our Australian sports desk

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Phillips was New Zealand’s best with an unbeaten 40 off 24, but was unable to find partners able to go with him.

Spencer Johnson (1-10 off two overs) impressed with the ball, as did Ellis (0-11 off two).

Mitch Marsh, Australia’s skipper for the opening two matches, was named player of the series.

“To win three-nil is a fantastic effort,” Marsh said. “Coming here to New Zealand, it’s always been a tough challenge ... especially their T20 side, it’s a tough unit.”

Australia made three changes for the third match, with Marsh, Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood rested ahead of the Test series beginning at Wellington’s Basin Reserve on Thursday.

Black Caps captain Mitch Santner rued missed opportunities in the field – counting seven dropped efforts – but said the losses wouldn’t hurt confidence for the Tests.

“The series didn’t go as well as we wanted but we can park that ... and move onto the Tests,” Santner said. “Playing Australia at home is always a massive occasion.”

The result means Australia retains the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, which was previously contested only in ODIs, but is now in play during all short-form series.

Explore more on these topics
Cricket
Australia cricket team
New Zealand cricket team
Australia sport
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
Boxing
Rugby league
Racing
US sports
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2024/feb/25/australia-new-zealand-third-t20i-match-report-rain-affected-10-over-slog 
 ----- 
