Wednesday 01 / January / 2025
 RADIO
"Nice to see depth in side": Matthew Wade hails Australia after clean-sweep against New Zealand
Sports  Sunday 25/February/2024 15:07 PM
By: ANI
A
A
A
A
Listen

Auckland : Australia wicketkeeper-batter and stand-in captain Matthew Wade praised his team's depth after a 27-run victory via DLS against New Zealand in the third and final T20I at Eden Park on Sunday.

Following the match, Wade praised Australia's clinical bowling effort as well as all-rounder Matthew Short's batting. Short scored 27 runs from 11 deliveries against New Zealand, including a boundary and three sixes.

"Our bowlers were unbelievable, was a clinical bowling performance. The way Short batted, it was fantastic. Everyone is enjoying their cricket. Everyone knows the World Cup's coming up," Wade said in a post-match presentation.

He went on to remark that it's great to see the depth of their team, and he praised their support personnel for their efforts. Spencer Johnson, a debutant, played an important role in Australia's victory by bowling cheaply and taking Tim Seifert's wicket in Auckland.

"We have a good batting line up and the bowlers are doing a good job, it's nice to see the depth in the side. Credit goes to the support staff for their homework. This venue wasn't a happy hunting ground for us before today, but the bowlers got some help, it was a really good performance," he added.

Talking about the third T20I encounter, Travis Head (33 runs from 30 balls) and Steven Smith (4 runs from 3 balls) opened for Australia and could only make a partnership of 16 runs as Mitchell Santner bagged the first wicket of the game after he dismissed Smith in the second over.

Matthew Short (27 runs from 11 balls) shined with Head on the other end of the crease and built a partnership of 51 runs. However, Ben Sears removed Short in the 6th over. The right-handed batter smashed 1 four and 3 sixes at a strike rate of 245.45.

Glenn Maxwell (20 runs from 9 balls) played a hard-hitting knock after coming on the crease and added some crucial runs on the scoreboard. Maxwell was dismissed by Josh Clarkson in the 9th over.

In the 10th over, Santer removed the Head to control Australia's run rate, Head smashed 5 fours and 1 six with a strike rate of 110.00. Josh Inglis (14* runs from 8 balls) and Tim David (8* runs from 3 balls) were on the crease and took the Aussies at 118/4.

However, the game was stopped just after the fourth ball of the 11th over as rain played a spoilsport. The second inning was shortened to a 10-over run chase and the DLS revised target for Kiwis was 126.

Finn Allen (13 runs from 9 balls) and Will Young (14 runs from 7 balls) opened for New Zealand but could not really make a mark during the run chase. Matthew Short bagged his first after he removed Young in the second over. The Kiwi opener smashed 2 fours and 1 six with a strike rate of 200.00.

Tim Seifert (2 runs from 5 balls) came on the crease to replace Young. But he found it difficult to score runs later in the third over Seifert was removed by Spencer Johnson in the third over. Adam Zampa bagged his maiden wicket of the game after he removed Allen in the sixth over.

Glenn Phillips (40* runs from 24 balls) and Mark Chapman (17* runs from 15 balls) tried to chase down the target but ran out of balls and had to concede a disappointing series loss with a 27-run loss in the third T20I match. Short, Johnson, and Zampa were the only wicket-takers for the Aussies in the second inning.

The victory against New Zealand in the 3rd 20-over match also marked Australia's 100th T20I win, which will help the Kangaroos for the upcoming T20 World Cup.

Latest Articles
OQ launches e-Symphony, Oman’s largest private cloud ERP deployment
HM appoints Ahmed bin Ja’afar bin Salim Al Musallami as Governor of CBO
HM The Sultan receives cables of thanks from King of KSA, Crown Prince
Sayyid Badr makes phone call with Syrian Foreign Minister
Oman
Times Tv
World
Business
Sports
Opinion
Technology
T Mag
#OmanPride
Lifestyle
Roundup
About Us . Advertising . Contact Us .
Copyright 2025 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Bitwize ™
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofoman.com/article/142437-nice-to-see-depth-in-side-matthew-wade-hails-australia-after-clean-sweep-against-new-zealand 
 ----- 
