Wednesday 01 / January / 2025
 RADIO
Mitchell Marsh feels "nice" to beat New Zealand in T20I series
Sports  Sunday 25/February/2024 15:17 PM
By: ANI
A
A
A
A
Listen

Auckland: Star Australia all-rounder Mitchell Marsh said that it was nice to defeat New Zealand in the T20I series on Sunday.

Australia clinched a 27-run win against the Kiwis in the 3rd T20I match at Eden Park in Auckland. With the win, Australia have whitewashed the hosts in the three-match 20-over series.

Adressing the post-match presentation, Marsh said that the Aussies have shown a "fantastic effort" to win the series 3-0. He also credited the Aussie coaching staff and the team management for the series win.

He also praised the Kiwis and said that they are an "outstanding unit".

"Nice to contribute to the winning team, nice to win a series in New Zealand. It was a fantastic effort to win 3-0. Our coaching staff and the group make the job easy. It's a great bunch. Any series you win, playing for your country is fantastic. New Zealand are an outstanding unit. Johnson bowled well today, everyone is grabbing their opportunities," Marhs said.

 Aussie batter Matthew Short accepted that he was nervous while batting at the end of the first inning.

While speaking at the post-match presentation, Short said that he was comfortable while playing shots in the first inning.

He praised the Aussie side and called them a "strong squad". The 28-year-old added that he was "grateful" to play with an extraordinary squad.

"I am most comfortable while playing shots. Was a strange game with rain around. Played plenty of shots though. It's such a strong squad, really grateful to play with these guys. Enjoyed batting, but I was nervous with the ball towards the end," Short said.

Recapping the third T20I encounter, Travis Head (33 runs from 30 balls) and Steven Smith (4 runs from 3 balls) opened for Australia and could only make a partnership of 16 runs as Mitchell Santner bagged the first wicket of the game after he dismissed Smith in the second over.

Matthew Short (27 runs from 11 balls) shined with Head on the other end of the crease and built a partnership of 51 runs. However, Ben Sears removed Short in the 6th over. The right-handed batter smashed 1 four and 3 sixes at a strike rate of 245.45.

Glenn Maxwell (20 runs from 9 balls) played a hard-hitting knock after coming on the crease and added some crucial runs on the scoreboard. Maxwell was dismissed by Josh Clarkson in the 9th over.

Latest Articles
Dubai's Burj Khalifa lights up as 2025 arrives in Middle East
India becomes 4th nation to achieve space docking with indigenously developed 'Bharatiya docking system'
Pakistan's textile exports face setback, fall short of USD 17 billion
Persistent interruptions in gas supply causes sharp rise in prices of alternative fuels in Pakistan
Oman
Times Tv
World
Business
Sports
Opinion
Technology
T Mag
#OmanPride
Lifestyle
Roundup
About Us . Advertising . Contact Us .
Copyright 2025 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Bitwize ™
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofoman.com/article/142440-mitchell-marsh-feels-nice-to-beat-new-zealand-in-t20i-series 
 ----- 
