OAKLAND ATHLETICS

A’s conclude 2024 season with loss to Mariners

Sep 30, 2024, 6:42 AM

(Photo by Christopher Mast/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Logan Gilbert took a perfect game into the sixth inning and Cal Raleigh homered for a third consecutive game as the Seattle Mariners defeated the visiting Oakland Athletics 6-4 Sunday afternoon to sweep the season-ending, three-game series.

Justin Turner added a two-run double for Seattle (85-77), which fell short of the playoffs despite winning eight of its last 10 games.

Tyler Nevin and Darell Hernaiz both drove in two runs for the A’s (69-93), who were wearing their gray road uniforms with “Oakland” stitched across the front for the final time.

The franchise is expected to play the next three seasons in Sacramento, Calif., while its new ballpark is being built in Las Vegas.

Thank you, Oakland! 💚💛 pic.twitter.com/GX2lLkOV6c

— Oakland A’s (@Athletics) September 29, 2024

Gilbert (9-12) retired the first 17 batters he faced before Oakland’s Nick Allen lined a single to left field with two outs in the sixth. That was it for the right-hander, who struck out seven.

A’s rookie Mitch Spence (8-10), didn’t allow a hit until Raleigh singled to right with one out in the fourth. Randy Arozarena followed with a double off the top of the wall in left-center field. After Luke Raley struck out, Turner delivered his two-run, ground-rule double to open the scoring.

The Mariners scored four more runs in the fifth.

J.P. Crawford led off by grounding a single into right field and took second on a wild pitch. With one out, Victor Robles hit a run-scoring double to left and Julio Rodriguez followed with an RBI single to right.

Raleigh then hammered a 2-2 hanging curveball deep to right, making it 6-0. It was his 34th homer of the season and gave him 100 RBIs, team bests in both categories.

Spence gave up six runs on seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. The right-hander didn’t walk a batter and fanned five.

The A’s finally got on the board in the seventh against M’s reliever Gabe Speier. With one out, Tyler Soderstrom grounded a single to left and Seth Brown did the same to center. The runners advanced on a wild pitch before Nevin plated both with a two-out double to left.

Oakland scored twice more in the ninth off Troy Taylor as Brown hit a one-out double to right and Zack Gelof singled to center. Hernaiz doubled to left to make it 6-4. Taylor struck out Kyle McCann and Max Schuemann to end the game.

–Field Level Media

What is the upcoming Oakland Athletics Schedule?
MLB free agency begins the day after the final World Series game
Players can sign contracts with new teams five days after the final World Series game
December 8-11th – MLB Winter Meetings in Dallas, TX
February TBD – Pitchers & catchers report for Spring Training

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
Oakland Athletics

Brenden Nunes

Do new agreements eliminate any chance of the A’s staying in Sacramento?

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s GM says team does not plan to trade Brent Rooker

2 months ago

Field Level Media

A’s trade OF Daz Cameron to Orioles

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s announce first pitch times for 2025 season in Sacramento

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: A’s to play on grass in Sacramento, not turf

3 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Here are the newly released plans for the A’s stadium in Las Vegas

3 months ago

A’s conclude 2024 season with loss to Mariners

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-oakland-athletics-seattle-mariners-end-of-season-recap/ 
 ----- 
