Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Prospects
History
Podcast
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
3 Mariners who definitely won't be back with the team in 2025

So long, friends.

By
PJ Potter
|
Sep 30, 2024
Seattle Mariners v Oakland Athletics | Michael Zagaris/GettyImages

EDITOR'S NOTE: This article previously claimed Mitch Haniger would no longer be with the team in 2025, but the veteran slugger holds a player option, so the decision is not in the Mariners' hands. It has since been amended.

Well, it's that time of the year for Mariners fans. Now that Seattle's 2024 season is officially over with no playoffs on the horizon, it's time to look onward to 2025. The Mariners finished 85-77 but endured a notable collapse that must be addressed in the offseason.

Decisions will need to be made on whether certain guys will remain with the squad come spring training. Those choices are never easy, but the Mariners will need to shake things up and a few guys' futures with the team are certainly in jeopardy.

3 Mariners who definitely won't be back with the team in 2025
Yimi García will not be a Mariner in 2025

Right elbow inflammation ended García's season early, and while you never want to see a pitcher get injured, this somewhat helped the Mariners down the stretch. He was struggling mightily in his brief stint since being traded to the M's, allowing runs in each of his last three appearances before going on the injured list.

García looked strong in Toronto before getting sent to the Pacific Northwest in exchange for Jonatan Clase and Jacob Sharp, but the Mariners saw other new guys like Collin Snider and Troy Taylor succeed. Don't expect García to rehab on Seattle's dime come next year.

Justin Turner will not be a Mariner in 2025

This one feels a bit more obvious, considering Turner will be 40 years old going into next season. He's a tremendous leader, but he is more beloved in a city like Los Angeles (if there was a franchise that wanted to take a flyer on him in 2025).

Turner was not necessarily bad with Seattle. He hit .261 with a 124 OPS+ in 48 games after the trade. But the Mariners need to use every last free roster spot on the best possible upgrade. Turner may still have a couple of years left in the tank, it'll just probably have to come with a different team. Seattle needs to better fill their veteran voids.

Jorge Polanco will not be a Mariner in 2025

Prior to the 2024 season, the Mariners struck a five-player trade with the Twins to acquire Jorge Polanco. It was believed to be a a shrewd move given the veteran's production, but it all went south this season.

Polanco played in 118 games and hit just .213 with a .651 OPS and 93 OPS+. Those numbers are insanely below his career averages. He has a $12 million club option for the 2025 season, and this is likely to go one of two ways. If the Mariners are really looking to save money, the option will be outright declined and Polanco will become a free agent. In a riskier move, the M's could pick up the option and explore the trade market for Polanco, who can be a solid utility bench option for teams with deeper pockets.

But with the way things transpired in 2024, it's hard to see the Mariners backing themselves into a corner and paying $12 million following Polanco's career-worst season. It just doesn't seem to be in the cards. We could be wrong, but the team has already alluded to cost-cutting measures, and this seems like an easy one, especially with Dylan Moore and Josh Rojas under contract.

•
Mariners settle on bargain contracts with Randy Arozarena, George Kirby at deadline
•
Mariners enter bidding for fading Cardinals star as trade talks hit fever pitch
•
Mariners listed as trade destination for player Jerry Dipoto would never acquire
•
Recent buzz has Seattle fans wondering if Mariners are dark horse Roki Sasaki team
•
New Mariners trade candidate reportedly emerges in Luis Castillo talks
Home/Mariners News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sodomojo.com/posts/3-mariners-who-definitely-wont-be-back-with-the-team-in-2025-01j8tdcr4yp5 
 ----- 
