Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
GTA
‘Boulder beach’: The city filled this once sandy west-end beach with cobblestones and residents are dismayed

The city started a revitalization project in 2021 for Humber Bay Park East to maintain the shoreline and protect it from erosion.

Updated March 22, 2024 at 2:04 p.m.
March 20, 2024
3 min read
Save

The beach at Humber Bay Park East has been covered with large stones (as seen in another part of the beach here)to protect it from erosion, the city says. 

Andrew Francis Wallace/Toronto Star
By Omar MoslehStaff Reporter

Humber Bay Shores residents are slamming the city’s decision to replace the sand on a popular west-end beach with large rocks, which they say has ruined their only natural refuge in a neighbourhood dominated by condo developments.

The city, in partnership with the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority, started a revitalization project in 2021 for Humber Bay Park East to maintain the shoreline and protect it from erosion, which they say is necessary because wind, waves and other environmental factors have battered the existing protection structures, which have been there for about 50 years.

The scope of the work includes replenishing the beach with new cobblestones, says the TRCA’s website. Residents have instead characterized the shoreline as being replaced with a “wall of grapefruit-sized rocks.”

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

That move in particular has sparked outcry among nearby condo residents, who started a petition to protest the decision which they say has “eliminated any possibility of residents enjoying the beach.” They say it’s no longer possible to walk or sit on, especially for those with children and for people with mobility issues.

The petition, which has gathered nearly 600 signatures, is calling for the city and TRCA to replace the large rocks with smaller pebbles or gravel and to reduce the slope on the shoreline, which they argue is too steep and dangerous, especially when wet.

“The beach, if you can still call it so, is effectively covered in these large stones, losing all of its recreational value, something that the community cherished very much,” the petition reads.

In a statement, TRCA said while they recognize the new flood mitigation materials will alter the appearance of the beach and its recreational uses, they are standing firm in their approach.

“Resident concerns have been taken into consideration, but at this point, there is no plan to revisit the approach to providing a resilient shoreline for protection of the park,” said Jet Taylor, the agency’s senior manager of waterfront restoration and infrastructure.

Deborah Novakova lives in Beyond the Sea, a condo complex that consists of multiple towers about a 10 minute walk from Humber Bay Park East. She said she moved there 14 years ago specifically because of the parks and lake access. She is now considering moving because of the recent redevelopment.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

She says the beach was known as “Pebble Beach,” but it no longer resembles the oasis she cherished.

“What they’ve done to Pebble Beach is made it boulder beach, and nobody is going to be able to go there,” she said. 

Novakova said she’s been dismayed with the closure of the park over the last three years, but the recent changes have made the neighbourhood even less attractive.

“They’ve cut down almost all the trees … That whole neighbourhood is nothing but condo development. It was our only outdoor space,” she said.

Gregory Didycz, who lives in an apartment building near Mimico Waterfront Park and frequently visits the nearby parks to walk his dog, echoed those concerns.

“The neighbourhood is changing very rapidly. And I don’t think it’s for the better,” he said. “I see this explosion of growth in the condos, but there’s been no explosion of infrastructure to support it.”

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

In a statement, Etobicoke-Lakeshore Coun. Amber Morley said the city has declared a climate emergency and has seen historically high lake water levels and increasing frequency of severe storms, which have put pressure on the erosion protection structures.

She said she’s been hearing from residents who are worried about the effect of the shoreline maintenance project, but added it’s not scheduled to be completed until Fall 2025 and that part of the work includes to “ flatten the surface of the stones and create a gentle slope into the water for residents to enjoy.”

“Once this project is complete in fall 2025, and the stones are well-packed on a gentle slope, I trust that local residents will be able to adapt to the upgraded surface and continue to enjoy our world-class waterfront park,” she said.

Residents are hoping the cobblestones are not set in stone.

“They could revisit it,” said Henry Veenhoven, a landscape architect who lives nearby in Etobicoke and signed the petition.

“There certainly are ways to create sand beaches that are resistant to erosion. … as someone told me when I first started school, if they can put a man on the moon, they can solve your design problem.”

Update - March 22, 2024

The photo caption accompanying this article was edited from a previous version to include that although the photo is of Humber Bay Park East, it  shows a different area than the one being resurfaced. That area has been fenced off and is inaccessible. 

Omar Mosleh is an Toronto-based reporter for the Star. Follow him on Twitter: @OmarMosleh.

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
14 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Jetliner skids off runway and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
11 mins ago
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
14 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Jimmy Carter, the 39th US president, has died at 100
4 mins ago
EDITORIAL CARTOON
OPINION
Greg Perry: 51st state
16 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Jaime Watt: Advice to progressives: public rage is real and the politics of joy is dead
8 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Looking to change jobs in 2025? You’re never too old, and financial security needs to be near the top of your wish list
16 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
4 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More News
GTA
How to dispose of Christmas trees in Toronto
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
EXPLAINER
Highway 407 ETR rate and fee increase for 2025: Here’s what to know
Article was updated 4 hrs ago
Comments
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
Article was updated 4 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
Article was updated 14 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
Article was updated 8 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/boulder-beach-the-city-filled-this-once-sandy-west-end-beach-with-cobblestones-and-residents/article_af3e734a-e6d7-11ee-a07b-4bf36fe7b260.html 
 ----- 
