Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
When is India's next match at ICC ODI Cricket World Cup 2023? Date, time, early prediction and head-to-head record for clash with Sri Lanka

RAHUL IYER

29 October, 2023
•
4:01 pm UTC

India will play their seventh match of the 2023 World Cup when they take on Sri Lanka at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai, on 2 November.

The Men in Blue took on England in Lucknow on Sunday, looking for a sixth consecutive win. After being put in to bat, they put up 230 courtesy of Rohit Sharma's excellent 87 on a difficult pitch. In the second innings, the Indian bowlers took over to bowl England out for just 129.

MORE: Play Dafabet's Cricket World Cup predictor game for the chance to win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes (India only)!

Sri Lanka lost their first three matches of the tournament, but recovered to post important wins over Netherlands and England. They will play Afghanistan on Monday, 30 October before meeting India. Depending on the result of that match, their hopes of a top four finish may still be alive.

Here's all the match details for this Cricket World Cup 2023 clash, including TV information around the world, start time, betting odds and historical meetings in ODIs between the two nations.

MORE: Cricket World Cup 2023 full schedule of fixtures and results

When is India's next match at Cricket World Cup 2023?

India's next match at the 2023 World Cup will be against Sri Lanka in Mumbai on 2 November, 2023. The match will begin at 2:00pm IST.

Here's when the match starts around the world and where to watch: 

 	Start time	TV/Live Stream
India	 2:00pm (IST)	Star Sports/Disney+ Hotstar
Australia	 7:30pm (AEST)	Fox Cricket/9Now, Kayo Sports
UK	 9:30am (BST)	Sky Sports/Sky Sports Go, Now TV
New Zealand	 9:30pm (NZDT)	Sky Sport/Sky Sport Now
USA/Canada	 4:30am (ET)	Willow TV/ESPN+
India vs Sri Lanka Head-to-Head in ODIs

India and Sri Lanka have faced off on 167 occasions in ODIs, with India winning 98 of those matches. 

 	Won	Lost	Tie/NR
India	98	57	1/11
Sri Lanka	57	98	1/11
India vs Sri Lanka predictions, latest betting odds

India are now on a roll, with six wins from six games. They look like the best team in the tournament, by far and will be a formidable challenge for Sri Lanka, who will not want to remember the previous meeting between the sides in the Asia Cup final.

Despite their uptick in form, Sri Lanka are still significant underdogs in this one especially on a good batting track at the Wankhede. Expect them to put up a good fight, but India should get the win in the end.

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup 2023? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here. 

Fans in the UK can check out all the latest promotions, bonuses and free bets on the Cricket World Cup 2023 via our partners BetOnSports here.

RAHUL IYER

Rahul is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/india-next-match-cricket-world-cup-2023-sri-lanka-icc-odi/e1e025cccb89b61e5d8c2869 
 ----- 
