This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
ADVERTISEMENT
Minnesota News You Can Use
Subscribe

TWINS

Bullpen preserves narrow lead, helps Twins nip Rays 5-4

While five relievers combined to get the final 16 outs, Trevor Larnach and Brooks Lee sparked the offense with homers.

By Bobby Nightengale

The Minnesota Star Tribune
SEPTEMBER 3, 2024 AT 1:49AM
Brooks Lee (72) celebrates with third base coach Tommy Watkins after his solo home run off Rays reliever Garrett Cleavinger in the eighth inning of the Twins' 5-4 victory in St. Petersburg, Fla., on Monday. (Chris O'Meara/The Associated Press)
ADVERTISEMENT

ST. PETERSBURG, FLA. – Trevor Larnach had the swing everyone was talking about inside the Twins’ clubhouse after a 5-4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays. The homer hit a fan in the face, and Larnach later signed a ball and gifted a bat when they chatted afterward.

The second-most talked about topic was the performance of the Twins bullpen. The bullpen entered Monday with a collective 5.10 ERA since the All-Star break, and it was asked to cover 16 outs with a small lead.

That included Jorge Alcala, pitching for the first time in five days amid his worst stretch of the season. Ronny Henriquez was called upon to pitch in a one-run game. The result: the Twins bullpen combined to give up one run in 5⅓ innings and Jhoan Duran secured his 21st save of the season.

“We needed everyone to come in and pitch well,” said Twins manager Rocco Baldelli, who notched his 450th career win. “We went to a lot of guys. You could break the game up into different parts and probably tell a whole story about it.”

The Twins remain 3½ games behind Cleveland in the American League Central standings, but they have a 5½-game cushion to maintain a wild-card spot.

Larnach gave the Twins a two-run lead in the second inning when he scorched a three-run homer over the right-field wall against former Twins pitcher Zack Littell. Larnach’s line drive left his bat at 112.5 mph and struck a fan in the head. It was his hardest-hit homer since 2021, according to Statcast.

“I met him, signed his ball and just asked him, ‘Are you OK? Do you remember anything?’” said Larnach, adding the fan had kids with him at the game. “We just had some good laughs and a good conversation. It was just one way to remember a ballgame, for sure.”

It was up to the bullpen to make that early lead stand — though it helped when Brooks Lee added a solo homer in the eighth inning in his second game since returning from the injured list. It was the switch-hitting Lee’s first home as a righthanded batter.

ADVERTISEMENT

After starting pitcher Simeon Woods Richardson labored through 3⅔ innings, using 71 pitches to record 11 outs while giving up three runs, Baldelli said it felt like he was on the phone nonstop with bullpen coach Colby Suggs.

“That was a game that takes a little bit out of you, but it gives you a lot, too, because you feel very good about it when you leave,” Baldelli said.

Alcala, who had allowed nine hits and seven runs in his last 2⅔ innings, stranded a runner at second base with a strikeout in the fourth inning, then stranded two more runners with a called third strike in the fifth inning.

“I think he took it as a great challenge, a great test and he passed that one,” Baldelli said. “He did a great job. We needed a lot of people to really come through, step up, get outs with people on base. We needed guys to do that, but he got it going for us.”

It was the first time Henriquez pitched in a game when the Twins led by fewer than five runs. He retired all three batters he faced in the sixth inning, which included a running catch from Matt Wallner that led him into the right-field wall.

“It feels great,” Henriquez said through a team interpreter. “It means the team knows they can trust in me.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Once the Twins survived the middle innings, they relied on their usual late-inning options. Griffin Jax struck out two in the seventh inning. Cole Sands surrendered a two-out homer to Jonny DeLuca in the eighth, following Lee’s insurance home run, and Duran pitched a perfect ninth.

When Duran was on the bus before the game, he told teammates the last time he pitched at Tropicana Field, he gave up a walk-off homer to Randy Arozarena, the outfielder who was traded to Seattle in July, on his first pitch.

No such issues in Duran’s return to the ballpark.

“He’s not here,” Duran said of Arozarena, “so it’s good.”

The Twins won back-to-back games for the first time since winning three consecutive games from Aug. 15-17.

Share
Comment
ABOUT THE WRITER
Bobby Nightengale
MINNESOTA TWINS REPORTER

Bobby Nightengale joined the Minnesota Star Tribune in May, 2023, after covering the Reds for the Cincinnati Enquirer for five years. He's a graduate of Bradley University.

See More
More from Twins
See More

TWINS

Twins acquire catcher Diego Cartaya from Dodgers; arbitration eligible players all agree to contracts

Diego Cartaya was a promising prospect who stalled in the Los Angeles organization.

SPORTS

Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants have agreed to a $15 million, one-year contract, according to a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations.

TWINS

Twins say they want to play in Minneapolis for decades to come

The team has agreed in principle to extending its lease through 2059 if the Legislature signs off on continuing the sales tax that built Target Field.

Around the Web
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
MARKETING SOFTWARE
Tinnitus Worsens by Evening? Do This Immediately (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
Groningen: Repossessed Car Prices Might Surprise You
REPOSSESSED CARS | SEARCH ADS
Doctor Reveals: Breakthrough in Neuropathy Relief (Watch Now)
GROWTH ADVICE
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
DUBAI VILLAS
Dental Implant Groningen Cost Might Be More Affordable Than Ever!
DENTAL IMPLANTS
ADVERTISEMENT

To leave a comment, log in or create an account.

ADVERTISEMENT
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work for Us
News in Education
Minnesota’s Best
High School Sports Hubs
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Policies and Standards
ADVERTISE
Get in Touch
Advertising Opportunities
Media Kit
Classifieds
Public Notices
Obituaries
BUY
Strib Store
Photo Reprints
Full Page Archive: 150+ years
Back Copies
Commercial Reprints
Licensing
SUPPORT
Help and Feedback
Manage Your Account
Newspaper Subscriptions
Digital Access
eEdition
Text to Speech
WEBSITE
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Site Index
RSS

© 2025 StarTribune.All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.startribune.com/twins-beat-rays-trevor-larnach-brooks-lee-bullpen/601136962 
 ----- 
