Skip to main content
Pinstripe Alley homepage
a New York Yankees community
Follow Pinstripe Alley online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Pinstripe Alley main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

MLB NEWS & ANALYSIS
 
YANKEES PLAYOFF COVERAGE
MLB Playoff Roundup: Dodgers stomp on the Mets again, lead NLCS 2-1

The Mets fail to score, while a trip of homers propel the Dodgers to a win in Game 3.

By Sam Chapman  Oct 17, 2024, 7:30am EDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Sam Chapman has been a contributor at Pinstripe Alley since the beginning of the 2022 season. He hails from Upstate New York.

The first two games of the National League Championship Series were alternating haymakers between the Mets and Dodgers. Los Angeles pummeled the Mets in Game 1, to the tune of a 9-0 win, while a Mark Vientos grand slam in Game 2 brought New York right back into the thick of things.

With the series knotted up at 1-1, there may not be a more important game the rest of the way for either squad. Walker Buehler looked as good as he has in some time for LA, ultimately leading the charge in Game 3 to put the Dodgers up 2-1 in the NLCS.

National League Championship Series

Los Angeles Dodgers 8, New York Mets 0

(Dodgers lead series, 2-1)

Evidently continuing the trend from the first two games, Game 3 was another lopsided affair, this time falling back in favor of the Dodgers. Starting pitching was considered the primary concern for the Dodger team headed into the postseason, and rightfully so. But, if Walker Buehler can continue to look the way he did on Wednesday, it could be enormous in alleviating at least some of those concerns for Los Angeles.

The Mets were not without their chances early on, with runners reaching in each of their first three innings, including a bases loaded situation in the second, but Buehler and the Dodger defense was able to work through the first third of the ballgame without any damage being done.

All the while, the offense opened up the scoring in their half of the second. With a walk to Max Muncy and an error from Francisco Alvarez putting a pair of runners in scoring position, Will Smith broke the seal with a single that deflected off of Luis Severino. It put the Dodgers up 1-0, and they added on to that total when Tommy Edman lofted a sac fly into center field. A spectacular play from Tyrone Taylor narrowly avoided a scary collision, as well as any further damage from LA in the second.

Buehler’s day was done after four complete innings, and he kept the Mets out of the run column while striking out six. From there, a stout combination of bullpen arms featuring Michael Kopech, Blake Treinen, Ryan Brasier, and Ben Casparius kept the Mets at bay for the remainder of Game 3. Francisco Lindor and Vientos both sent balls to the warning track in the fifth against Kopech, but nothing would come of either swing.

Despite the lack of much offensive life, the Mets were still well within reach throughout a good portion of the ballgame. That was, at least until the sixth inning, when the Dodgers began to separate thanks to a two-run homer from frequent postseason contributor Kiké Hernández.

That marked the 15th long ball of his playoff career, as many as Babe Ruth (albeit in many more games, but still remarkable).

More late scoring for the Dodgers continued to push the Mets further and further from contention in this one, as things quickly spiraled towards what both of the previous games in this series ended up as. First, with a pair of runners on in the eighth, Shohei Ohtani woke back up and launched a ball about halfway up the second deck in right field, almost directly over the foul pole. It was the knockout blow in Game 4, and put the Dodgers up a by a convincing 7-0 score.

For good measure, Max Muncy belted a homer of his own into the second deck in the next inning, putting the Dodgers up by the final of 8-0.

Although the Dodgers pitching staff was just about spotless in Game 3, they didn’t even need it, with another resounding performance from the bats. With a tough loss sandwiched in between, the Dodgers’ two wins in this series have been convincing ones, outscoring the Mets 17-0 in those two contests.

The Mets will have two more chances in Queens to right the ship, but for now the Dodgers will take a 2-1 series lead into Game 4. Jose Quintana and Yoshinobu Yamamoto are slated to square off Thursday night at Citi Field.

MORE FROM PINSTRIPE ALLEY
The Best 50 Could-Have-Beens of the Yankees’ Past 50 Years
NYY News: Yankees never made offer to Gleyber Torres
Yankees thread the needle with Cody Bellinger acquisition
How the Yankees lost the Juan Soto bidding war
Presenting the 2024 Yankees Roster Report Cards
1999 Yankees Diary: A 25th Anniversary Tribute
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Pinstripe Alley Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Yankees news from Pinstripe Alley
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pinstripealley.com/2024/10/17/24272320/mlb-playoffs-scores-dodgers-mets-nlcs-game-3-ohtani-muncy-hernandez-buehler 
 ----- 
