This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Notice

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLOUDY ICON
45º
Go to the WJXT homepage
Sign In
Open the WJXT News4JAX Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
NEWS4JAX+
SPORTS
FEATURES
RIVER CITY LIVE
SNAPJAX
NEWSLETTERS
WJXT
CW17
SPORTS
Ohtani and his dog share first-pitch duties before Dodgers superstar blasts leadoff homer

Beth Harris

Associated Press

Published: August 28, 2024 at 8:07 PM
Updated: August 29, 2024 at 1:47 AM
Tags: Sports, Shohei Ohtani, Corbin Burnes, Dave Roberts
Full Screen
1 / 14
Previous photo
Next photo
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani congratulates his dog Decoy after Decoy delivered the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani sets his dog Decoy at the mound before Decoy delivered the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani (17) reacts after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays in Los Angeles, Saturday, Aug. 24, 2024. Miguel Rojas also scored. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani runs rounds third base to score on a single from Teoscar Hernndez during the third inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani congratulates his dog Decoy after Decoy delivered the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
The bobblehead for Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani is seen prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani waits for his dog Decoy as Decoy delivers the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
A fan mugs for the camera after getting a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani summons his dog Decoy to deliver the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani brings his dog Decoy to mound before Decoy delivered the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani congratulates his dog Decoy after Decoy delivered the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

LOS ANGELES – Shohei Ohtani homered leading off the game on his second bobblehead night at Dodger Stadium shortly after the Japanese superstar and his dog, Decoy, handled ceremonial first pitch duties.

Ohtani sent a 1-2 pitch from Baltimore's Corbin Burnes into right-center for his 42nd homer of the season on Wednesday night. He went 2 for 4 with three runs scored and stole two bases.

Recommended Videos

Jaguars HC Doug Pederson says this is one of the hardest seasons of his career
11K
Video Player is loading.
Unmute
Duration 
1:28
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

“I think I was more nervous with the ceremonial pitch than Decoy,” Ohtani said through an interpreter. “I’m glad everything went well.”

The second Ohtani bobblehead giveaway proved just as popular as the first.

Or, “It's déjà vu all over again,” as Yogi Berra liked to take credit for saying.

Long lines of cars were backed up on roads around the stadium five hours before the team hosted the Orioles on Wednesday night.

Some drivers took to the wrong side of the road to negotiate a blocked intersection near one of the stadium gates where no traffic control officers were posted.

“I’m just happy that I made it,” manager Dave Roberts said before the game. “It took me forever to get inside Dodger Stadium. I actually picked up one of the Dodger workers. She was laboring up the hill so I picked her up and gave her a little lift.”

Only the first 40,000 fans received the bobblehead, which depicts a smiling Ohtani holding Decoy (its Japanese name is Dekopin). Some gold versions were randomly mixed in. The souvenirs soon were being listed on eBay, although the prices appeared to be much lower than for his first bobblehead in May.

“Man, there is a high demand for this dang bobblehead," Roberts said.

Ohtani carried Decoy to the mound for ceremonial first pitch duties. He placed the ball on the rubber and took up a catching position behind home plate. After Ohtani gave a signal, the Dutch Kooikerhondje — wearing his own uniform — picked up the ball in his mouth and carried it to Ohtani.

He said it took three weeks to train the dog, who appeared calm in front of the sellout crowd of 53,290. They did a practice run at the stadium before the big night.

They shared a hand-to-paw high five as the crowd cheered wildly and Ohtani smiled broadly.

“I'm impressed that that dog was already that trained, but I guess if it's Shohei's dog nothing should be surprising,” Roberts said.

Fans, many of them Japanese, waited patiently under a hot sun in a line that stretched well away from the main gate, before it opened.

The first Ohtani bobblehead giveaway in May — featuring him in his batting stance — attracted a sellout crowd of 53,527 — the largest in the majors this season and the most at Dodger Stadium since Sept. 20, 2019. The promotion snarled traffic for hours ahead of game time.

Ohtani walked, popped out and struck out that night in a 7-2 loss to the Cincinnati Reds.

The Dodgers have scheduled one more Ohtani giveaway to mark the two-way superstar's first season in Los Angeles after six years in Anaheim with the Angels. The September promotion will be a shirt. The team gave away hats in July.

Ohtani joined the Dodgers last December, signing a $700 million, 10-year contract. Last week, he became the fastest player in major league history — and sixth ever — with 40 home runs and 40 stolen bases in the same season — and he achieved the feat in the same game.

He's now taking aim at something that's never been done before: 50 homers and 50 stolen bases.

Roberts said he is still surprised by the mania that surrounds Ohtani.

“When you’re in it day to day, he’s a baseball player that just wants to play,” the manager said, “but when you see him impact and move the needle like he does and has, I’ve just never seen anything like this. It is incredible.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.

Loading...
READ NEXT
‘It could’ve been my child’: Volunteers relieved after missing Clay County teen safely reunited with family
Mother of Jacksonville teen killed hours after high school graduation aims to keep his memory alive with special event

FEATURED SNAPJAX
Tasha McCray

Tasha and Sham! The oldest and baby of eight children.

 Write A Comment..
Ed Van Voorhis 904.

Ed Van. Families home in dahlonega Georgia. This Sunday morning

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

DEALS 4 JAX
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam's Club
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
Read full article: Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

Careers at WJXT / WCWJ

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

WJXT Public File

WJXT EEO Report

WCWJ Public File

WCWJ EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801.

At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news4jax.com/sports/2024/08/29/ohtani-and-his-dog-share-first-pitch-duties-before-dodgers-superstar-blasts-leadoff-homer/ 
 ----- 
