Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
BREAKING NEWS
Israel and Hamas reach breakthrough in hostage, cease-fire negotiation talks
MLB
Dodgers fans line up in droves for hours for special Shohei Ohtani, dog bobblehead
By Christian Arnold
Published Aug. 28, 2024, 10:27 p.m. ET
9

A bobblehead of Shohei Ohtani and his furry friend Decoy drew long lines outside of Dodger Stadium —hours ahead of Wednesday’s game between the Dodgers and Orioles. 

Video and pictures posted to social media showed fans lining up as early as noon PT to get into a game that didn’t begin until 7:10 p.m. 

The bobblehead — that featured a gold Ohtani holding Decoy in his arms — was being given out to the first 40,000 fans who entered the stadium. 

6
The bobblehead for Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani is seen prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles.
AP
6
Shohei Ohtani is in the middle of another likely MVP season.
AP

Naturally, Ohtani was the first person to receive a bobblehead as he arrived to the ballpark before the game.

The Dodgers captured the moment in a video posted to social media. 

Ohtani also had Decoy with him as he arrived at Dodger Stadium. 

Ohtani, wearing a white T-shirt, blue shorts and a backward hat, and Decoy posed for a picture with the bobblehead. 

6
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles.
AP

Outside, long lines of fans anxiously waited in anticipation of grabbing one of the coveted giveaways, with ESPN reporting fans were making big lines over three hours before game time.

An aerial video from Fox LA showed long lines of fans on Stadium Wa, and a video from NBC Los Angeles showed the massive traffic delay trying to get off the highway at 2:50 local time.

And, right before the game, the dog did the honors of the ceremonial first pitch, running a ball right to Ohtani.

6
Fans line up to enter and get a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles.
AP

Ohtani is one of baseball’s biggest names, not just in Los Angeles but across the globe. 

Decoy became a topic of conversation during the offseason after Ohatni was coy for a while about what the dog’s name was. 

6
Fans pose with their Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Dodgers bobblehead before the game against the Baltimore Orioles at Dodger Stadium on August 28, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Getty Images
6
A fan mugs for the camera after getting a bobblehead of Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Baltimore Orioles Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Los Angeles.
AP
9

What do you think? Post a comment.

He eventually revealed it during his introductory press conference in Los Angeles. 

“I figured it would be hard for American people to pronounce it,” Ohtani told reporters back in December about Decoy’s name.

FILED UNDER LOS ANGELES DODGERS  SHOHEI OHTANI  8/28/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/08/28/sports/dodgers-fans-line-up-in-droves-for-shohei-ohtani-dog-bobblehead/ 
 ----- 
