Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportCricket
Ireland’s Curtis Campher joins star duo in T20 history books

Campher joined illustrious company with four wickets in successive balls against the Netherlands at the T20 World Cup

Tom White
Monday 18 October 2021 08:24 EDT

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Curtis Campher joined Lasith Malinga, left, and Rashid Khan, centre, in the history books (PA)
Rashid Khan, Afghanistan
Rashid Khan, Afghanistan
Lasith Malinga, Sri Lanka
Curtis Campher, Ireland
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

What connects the following bowlers – Rashid Khan, Lasith Malinga and Curtis Campher?

Ireland’s little-known 22-year-old seamer wrote his name into a sport quiz question for years to come when he joined illustrious company with four wickets in successive balls against Holland at the T20 World Cup.

Here, we look at the only three times that feat has been achieved in Twenty20 internationals.

Rashid Khan, Afghanistan

v <strong>Ireland</strong> February 2019

Ireland were on the receiving end of the first four in four when Khan, then the world’s number one-ranked T20 bowler, put paid to their chase of 210 in Dehradun.

Kevin O’Brien was leading Ireland’s reply with 74 until Khan had him caught behind from the final ball of the 16th over, and George Dockrell’s big-hitting cameo was ended by a brilliant boundary catch by Mohammad Nabi from the first ball of the leg-spinner’s next over.

Shane Getkate was stumped next ball and tailender Simi Singh was pinned lbw by a googly as Khan ran riot on his way to final figures of five for 27 in a 32-run win.

Lasith Malinga, Sri Lanka

v New Zealand, September 2019

Another of the most feared operators of a white ball, Malinga ensured the Black Caps’ pursuit of just 126 in Pallekele was effectively doomed inside three overs.

Having conceded only two runs off his first eight balls, Malinga then bowled Colin Munro with an inswinger for his 100th T20 international wicket – but he was just getting started.

A trio of golden ducks followed as Hamish Rutherford was given lbw after review, and trademark Malinga yorkers bowled Colin de Grandhomme and trapped Ross Taylor lbw.

At 15 for four, the game was up and Malinga had Tim Seifert caught at slip in his next over to finish with five for six as New Zealand were dismissed for 88.

Curtis Campher, Ireland

v Holland, October 2021

Holland had limped to 50 for two from nine overs before South African-born Campher took centre stage in the 10th in Abu Dhabi.

An opening leg-side wide, curiously, gave some indication of the drama to come as Campher’s first wicket required a review, the ball initially signalled wide by Rod Tucker before a DRS review showed the ball had taken the splice of Colin Ackermann’s bat.

The dangerous Ryan ten Doeschate fell lbw first ball and another review, after a raucous appeal from Campher, saw Scott Edwards go the same way.

That made for the 19th T20I hat-trick and the second in World Cups, emulating Australia’s Brett Lee against Bangladesh in 2007, while Campher was the 18th bowler on that list with Malinga also achieving the feat against Bangladesh in 2017.

Roelof van der Merwe then chopped on to give Campher, in just his fifth T20 international, more wickets than in his previous four combined and another piece of history.

More aboutPA ReadyRashid KhanLasith MalingaT20 World Cup
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/rashid-khan-lasith-malinga-ireland-icc-t20-b1940298.html 
 ----- 
