Toggle navigation
HOME
INDIA
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
WEB STORIES
REVIEWS
VIDEOS
LEISURE
SCI/TECH
MORE
Home  News  Sports
Powered by 
Sponsored by 
Explained: 2021 T20 World Cup format, rules, venues, prize money

Sri Lanka and Bangladesh have to play the preliminary round because of low rankings

Web Desk
Updated: October 18, 2021 17:41 IST
A poster featuring the team captains at the 2021 T20 World Cup | ICC
Play
Unmute
Loaded: 0.86%
Fullscreen

After five years, the T20 World Cup is back. The start of the tournament has gone largely under the radar as lower-ranked teams have kicked-off the tournament. Though the tournament officially began yesterday, the major teams will start their campaigns on October 23 with the Super 12 stage.

What happens until then?

The preliminary round will have eight low-ranked countries, competing to join the eight top-ranked T20I sides that have automatically made it to the Super 12.

They are divided into two groups:

Group A: Sri Lanka, Netherlands, Ireland and Namibia

Group B: Bangladesh, Oman, Scotland and Papua New Guinea

The teams play each other in their groups and the top two from each group will proceed to the Super 12.

On Sunday, Papua New Guinea lost to Oman, while Scotland shocked Bangladesh.

While the qualifiers go on, the eight pre-determined Super 12 qualifiers will play two warm-up matches each. India will play England (Oct 18) and Australia (Oct 20).

Super 12 stage

The Super 12 are also divided into two groups:

Group 1: England, Australia, South Africa, West Indies, A1 and B2

Group 2: India, Pakistan, New Zealand, Afghanistan, B1 and A2

These teams will also play each other once in their respective groups, following which, the top two placed teams from both groups make it to the semifinals.

The ICC has widened the pool of teams contesting in the second round, switching from a Super 10 at the 2016 T20 World Cup to a Super 12 now.

How were the teams ranked?

The seedings were based on the ICC Men's T20 rankings as on December 31, 2018.

Since Sri Lanka and Bangladesh were ranked outside the top eight, they have to contend with the other qualifiers to make it to the Super 12.

West Indies are the defending champions, having won the edition held in India in 2016.

ALSO READ
VIDEO | Reliving Matthew Wade's epic innings against Pakistan in 2021 T20 World Cup semifinal
The legend of King Virat: How Kohli had to be Kohli to help India win T20 World Cup final
Young Virat Kohli loved eating and partying; sacrificed taste buds for fitness: Shreevats Goswami
Jasprit Bumrah's physics, chemistry and maths this T20 World Cup

India’s matches

October 24 – India vs Pakistan

October 31 – India vs New Zealand

November 3 – India vs Afghanistan

November 5 – India vs B1

November 8 – India vs A2

Who is hosting the tournament?

Though the official host is India, this edition of the World Cup was moved to Oman and the UAE because of the Covid-19 situation in India. The decision was made in June.

The 12 first-round matches are played in Sharjah and Abu Dhabi in the UAE and Al Amerat in Oman.

The 30 Super 12 matches will be played in Sharjah, Abu Dhabi and Dubai.

The semifinals will be played at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and the summit clash will be held in Dubai on November 14.

Points and ties

A team gets two points for a win and one point for a tie or no result. Other factors to decide a team’s place on the table (in descending order of priority) are number of wins, net run rate, head-to-head result and original seedings.

If a game is tied, teams will play a Super Overs until a winner is decided.

Only the semifinals and the final will have reserve days in case of bad weather.

A minimum of five overs have to be played in each innings to get a result in the first two rounds. In the semifinal and final, the teams will have to play a minimum of ten overs in both innings.

Prize money

Winners - $1.6 million (Rs 12.05 crore)

Runners-up - $800,000 (Rs 6.02 crore)

Losing semifinalists - $400,000 (Rs 3.01 crore)

Will there be spectators?

The stadiums in the UAE have been permitted to host vaccinated fans up to a maximum of 70 per cent of the stadiums’ capacity, while the Oman stadium can host up to 3,000 fans.

TAGS
ICC T20 Men's World Cup

📣 The Week is now on Telegram. Click here to join our channel (@TheWeekmagazine) and stay updated with the latest headlines

READ MORE
PM Modi to inaugurate Jammu railway division today
US: Joe Biden awards George Soros the Presidential Medal of Freedom; Elon Musk reacts
‘Unleashing him’: Yash gives much-awaited update on ‘Toxic’
OYO says no to unmarried couples with new check-in rules
DPDP: Here is how India’s new data protection rules will protect children online
EDITOR'S PICK
Manmohan Singh's leadership style was rooted in dignity, respect and unwavering dedication to the nation
'Whenever I wanted to escape morning PT, I would sneak off to the library': Ruskin Bond
A Maldivian, born with spinal muscular atrophy, is beating all odds to pursue excellence
Evolving luxury
Tweets by TheWeekLive

*Articles appearing as INFOCUS/THE WEEK FOCUS are marketing initiatives

Terms & Conditions Privacy & Statement

Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theweek.in/news/sports/2021/10/18/explained-2021-t20-world-cup-format-rules-venues-prize-money.html 
 ----- 
