Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Kansas City Royals Join Extremely Rare Group in Baseball History with Playoff Berth
The Kansas City Royals are going to the playoffs for the first time since 2015!
Brady Farkas | Sep 28, 2024
Kansas City Royals second baseman Michael Massey (19) hits a double against the Atlanta Braves in the seventh inning at Truist Park on Sept 27. / Brett Davis-Imagn Images
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

The Kansas City Royals shut out the Atlanta Braves 3-0 in Atlanta on Friday night. With the win, the Royals clinched a playoff spot in the American League for the first time since the 2015 season - the last time they won the World Series.

With this playoff berth solidified, the Royals have now joined an extremely rare group in baseball history. According to Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

made playoffs season after losing 100+ games:

2024 Royals (106 losses in ’23)
2020 Marlins (105 losses in ’19)
2017 Twins (103 losses in ’16)

The Royals went a terrible 56-106 last season, finishing as one of the worst teams in all of baseball. However, over the offseason, the Royals got a real commitment to spending from ownership and it paid major dividends. The team went out and signed superstar Bobby Witt Jr. to a massive contract extension and also brought in right-handed pitchers Seth Lugo and Michael Wacha. Furthermore, they added to the bullpen by signing Chris Stratton and Will Smith. They also traded for Jon Schreiber from the Boston Red Sox.

The Royals are currently tied with the Detroit Tigers for the second/third wild card spot. Finishing as the second wild card team would mean a playoff date with the Baltimore Orioles while the third wild card spot would mean a date with the Houston Astros, who won the American League West.

The Royals will take on the Braves again on Saturday night. Atlanta is fighting to make the playoffs in the National League.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 28, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/kansas-city-royals-join-extremely-rare-group-in-baseball-history-with-playoff-berth-year-after-losing-100-games 
 ----- 
