Skip to content
27°
Springfield, MO
News
Weather
Sports
Ozarks Sports Zone
On Your Side
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
6 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Braves win behind Max Fried and Sean Murphy, but Royals still get to celebrate
Kansas City Royals shortstop Bobby Witt Jr., left, pitcher Brady Singer, center, and catcher Salvador Perez, right, meet at the mound in the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Friday, Sept. 27, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)(Jason Allen | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 28, 2024 at 3:37 AM UTC

ATLANTA (AP) — Max Fried pitched three-hit ball over 8 2/3 innings to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 3-0 victory over Kansas City on Friday night, but the Royals still got a chance to celebrate their first postseason berth since 2015.

Kansas City locked up an American League wild card when Minnesota lost to Baltimore 7-2, setting off a delayed celebration in the visitors’ clubhouse at Truist Park.

Sean Murphy hit a two-run homer and Marcell Ozuna trotted home on a throwing error after his first stolen base since 2022 for the Braves, who began the night one game behind Arizona and the New York Mets in the NL wild-card race.

The Mets were playing at Milwaukee, while the Diamondbacks hosted the Padres.

“This is a big game, obviously. Every game counts,” Fried said. “Knowing that this potentially could be the last game that I pitched this season, I just wanted to do everything I could to leave everything out there and try to win.”

The Royals came in with their magic number at one to clinch their first playoff appearance since winning the 2015 World Series. They were still in position to celebrate an AL wild-card berth Friday night if the Minnesota Twins lost to Baltimore.

Fried (11-10) came within one out of a shutout, giving way to Raisel Iglesias when the Royals put runners at second and third. Iglesias retired Salvador Perez on a flyout for his 33rd save.

It was Fried’s first career start against the Royals.

“We knew it was (going to be) tough, watching him and seeing him over the years,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. “He’s got multiple pitches that are plus pitches. He uses them all. He very rarely falls into any sort of patterns. ... That was masterful pitching.”

Fried threw 98 pitches, 63 for strikes. He walked two and struck out nine.

“You know exactly what you need to do,” Fried said. “We had to win this game and I just left everything out there.”

Royals starter Brady Singer (9-13) allowed two runs on four hits with three walks and five strikeouts. Murphy homered on an 0-2 sweeper that caught the middle of the zone in the fourth.

“I’m obviously trying to get that off the plate a little bit more there,” Singer said. “I kept it in the zone and he put a good swing on it. If I could just get that ball further off the plate I like my chances a little bit more.”

Ozuna tacked on an unlikely insurance run in the eighth by stealing third. Caught off guard, Perez threw the ball into left field, allowing Ozuna to make it home to a giddy celebration in the Atlanta dugout.

“They gave him the base,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said with a smile.

FRIED FINALE

Fried has spent his entire career with the Braves, but he’s set to become a free agent after the World Series.

The left-hander recognized the significance of the moment as he walked off the field to a huge cheer from the crowd at Truist Park. Depending on how the season plays out, it could’ve been his final home game in a Braves uniform.

“Walking off and hearing that, it was emotional,” Fried said. “I am extremely thankful and very, very grateful.”

There has been no indication that the Braves are pursuing a new long-term contract with Fried, a two-time All-Star who is 73-36 over eight seasons with Atlanta.

“I don’t know what the future holds, but this is really all I know,” Fried said. “I do love it.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Royals: 1B Vinnie Pasquantino (broken right thumb) was on the field during batting practice and will take simulated at-bats against reliever Will Smith on Saturday.

Braves: RHP Reynaldo López (shoulder inflammation) threw his second side session Thursday, felt good and will be activated to start Saturday, Snitker said.

UP NEXT

RHP Seth Lugo (16-9, 3.03 ERA) will start for the Royals in the second game of the series. López (8-5, 2.03) will make his first appearance since a start at Washington on Sept. 10. He lasted only one inning because of shoulder pain that sent him to the 15-day injured list. Lugo allowed two runs on three hits over seven innings in his last outing, a 2-0 loss to the Giants on Sept. 22.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.

Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.

Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Travel Oregon This Winter
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Neuropathy Breakthrough: Experts Calling This Device...
Try this 10 Minute Trick tonight!
Norelie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most...
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simpl...
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds...
Arthrozene
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Cinnamon: Could be the greatest enemy of blood sugar? (see how to us...
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest fo...
NerdWallet
|
Sponsored
Get Offer
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situa...
Historical Strategy Game
|
Sponsored
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all...
PanzerQuest
|
Sponsored
Latest News
Behind the scene playoff drama
 Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
O-Zone: SPS AD Josh Scott talks new additions to Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Link Academy HC Chad Myers talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Central HC Jordan Epps talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Parkview HC Jack Simpson talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
Jets interview Chiefs' Nagy and Borgonzi and Eagles' Halaby for vacancies
News
Weather
Sports
About KY3
KY3
999 West Sunshine Street
Springfield, MO 65807
(417) 268-3000
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File
publicfile@ky3.com - (417) 268-3000
FCC Applications
Advertising
Closed Captioning or Audio Description
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ky3.com/2024/09/28/braves-win-behind-max-fried-sean-murphy-royals-still-get-celebrate/ 
 ----- 
