Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
DODGERS
Dodgers clinch their 10th NL West title in 11 years: ‘We were expecting to do this’
Dodgers players celebrate after clinching the National League West division title Saturday in a 6-2 win over the Mariners. (Maddy Grassy / Associated Press)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Published Sept. 16, 2023 Updated Sept. 17, 2023 12:23 AM PT
Share

SEATTLE —  It feels like ages ago. Before the Dodgers’ slow start to the season. Before their torrid run through August. Before their pitching staff fell apart and their postseason fate was cast under a cloud of uncertainty.

When the Dodgers opened the season, they weren’t widely expected to win the National League West. They were picked by many for a regression in the standings. They were anything but a guarantee for a 10th division title in 11 years.

Yet with still three weeks to go, baseball’s most dominant regular-season franchise of the last decade collected another piece of familiar hardware, clinching the NL West crown in dramatic fashion Saturday with a 6-2, extra-inning win over the Seattle Mariners.

DODGERS

Dodgers’ supporting cast steals spotlight from Mookie and Freddie in win over Seattle
Sept. 15, 2023

“I think everybody talked about what we didn’t do [in the offseason], but we still had Mookie, we still had Freddie, it’s not like we were underdogs by any means,” said Clayton Kershaw, who pitched four scoreless innings in what became his fifth career start in a division-clinching game.

“It wasn’t like a ‘silence the doubters’ kind of moment,” Kershaw added, standing shirtless and beer-soaked in a plastic-wrapped postgame clubhouse. “We were expecting to do this. We were supposed to do this. But it doesn’t make it any less special.”

“This is one. We’re gonna do this three more times. Enjoy this moment because this is special.” Dave Roberts plans to keep popping bottles until the #Dodgers win the World Series. pic.twitter.com/AUqqyTwdQb

— SportsNet LA (@SportsNetLA) September 17, 2023

After surviving nine scoreless innings at T-Mobile Park, then trading runs with the Mariners in the 10th, the Dodgers finally prevailed in the 11th, exploding for a five-run rally that cemented what had been clear for months:

Despite injuries to every member of their opening day rotation, a rotating cast of young players and veteran faces in important roles, and a sluggish start to the campaign that saw the team languishing in third place into late June, the Dodgers were once again the class of the division, popping champagne bottles Saturday night after stretching their first-place lead to 13½ games.

“The amount that this group has overcome — it’s hard to compare years to other years — but this feels as together and united of a group that I’ve ever been around,” said Andrew Friedman, who has overseen the club’s last eight division titles as president of baseball operations. “It’s been a really special year, with what feels like a lot of things we’ve dealt with.”

Added manager Dave Roberts: “For me, this is the most fun I’ve had managing. Certainly the players are a big part of it. And to see those guys celebrate one another, pull for one another, sacrifice for each other, it makes my job that much more joyful.”

The Dodgers’ Jason Heyward celebrates in front of Seattle shortstop J.P. Crawford after hitting a double in the seventh inning Saturday. (Maddy Grassy / Associated Press)

Whether Saturday’s celebration was the starting point for a deep October run, or the climax for a shorthanded club in danger of fizzling out yet again in the postseason, remains unclear.

The Dodgers’ rotation is still unsettled, continuing to scramble in the absence of Julio Urías (whose is all but certain to spend the rest of the year on administrative leave following his arrest this month on suspicion of domestic violence) as well as Tony Gonsolin, Dustin May and Walker Buehler (who will all miss October because of injuries).

Their lineup is still prone to boom-or-bust swings, epitomized Saturday by the quiet nine innings that preceded their division-clinching outburst in extras.

Even their path through the playoffs seems tricky, where the reward for advancing through the NLDS would likely be a meeting with the top-seeded Atlanta Braves.

“Obviously,” Kershaw said, “[tonight] is not the ultimate goal.”

DODGERS

Walker Buehler on shutting it down for the season: ‘I got really, really close’
Sept. 14, 2023

Yet, Saturday’s win also offered a reflective reprieve — with the Dodgers (90-57) not only beating a fellow postseason contender in the Mariners (81-67), but doing so in a style that highlighted what those in the organization believe are the team’s defining characteristics.

On the mound, there was a veteran in Kershaw (whose workload was limited after skipping a start last week amid his battles with a lingering shoulder injury) passing the baton to a rookie in Emmet Sheehan (who pitched three scoreless innings in a promising sign for his potential October usage).

At the plate, there was an 11th-inning rally keyed more by the bats further down the lineup — including a tie-breaking, two-strike single from Max Muncy, and two-run knocks from Chris Taylor and Kiké Hernández that provided insurance — than the superstar duo of Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman at the top.

“Tonight, people saw who this team is, what this team is about,” said Roberts, who has now been at the helm for seven division championships. “I think we used 20 guys tonight to win one game. But that’s OK. That just speaks to the depth and how much guys care for one another.”

The postgame clubhouse scene might have been most telling.

Instead of Freeman, Betts or even Kershaw — who, as a pending free agent yet again this winter, could be in the midst of his final Dodgers season — making speeches in the middle of the room, the team-wide addresses came from Miguel Rojas and Jason Heyward, a pair of veteran offseason acquisitions who have emerged as important voices for a new-look roster.

“That’s what’s so awesome about this team,” Freeman said. “It’s not only the rookies. It’s not only the Claytons. It’s everyone that’s pulling on the same rope.”

Dodgers players celebrate and pose for a team photo after clinching the NL West title in a victory over the Seattle Mariners at T-Mobile Park on Saturday night. (Maddy Grassy / Associated Press)

Indeed, with one final heave Saturday, the Dodgers finally proved the preseason prognostications wrong.

And though plenty more doubts remain in the road ahead, their postgame party offered a staunch, booze-soaked statement. These Dodgers have overcome long odds already. And they’re certain they have the ability to keep doing it again.

“There’s no one way to win 11 games in October,” Roberts said. “But, 1 through 26, tonight really exemplified how we can win a baseball game.”

More to Read
Can’t stop, won’t stop: Dodgers still reveling in World Series title afterglow
Dec. 13, 2024
L.A. toasts its World Series champion Dodgers: ‘The city needed this parade’
Nov. 1, 2024
Plaschke: The Greatest! Historic Dodgers overpower Yankees for 8th World Series title
Oct. 30, 2024
DODGERS
Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Yankees fan admits he ‘probably crossed the line’ grabbing Mookie Betts’ glove: ‘Desperation kicked in’
Oct. 30, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2023-09-16/dodgers-vs-seattle-mariners-recap-mlb 
 ----- 
