Sign up
Log in
Your Library
Create your first playlist
It's easy, we'll help you
Create playlist
Let's find some podcasts to follow
We'll keep you updated on new episodes
Browse podcasts
Legal
Safety & Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Cookies
About Ads
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
English
Resize main navigation

Preview of Spotify

Sign up to get unlimited songs and podcasts with occasional ads. No credit card needed.

Sign up free
-:--
Change progress
-:--
Change volume
Podcast
The Emerging Cricket Podcast
Emerging Cricket
Follow
About
The stories of those growing the game across the world. Inspiring passion.
Hosts Daniel Beswick, Tim Cutler and Nick Skinner interview trailblazing players, coaches and administrators from Associate cricket and beyond
… Show more
4.9
(42)
Sports
All Episodes
Nepal Premier League success, Americas Sub-Regionals, Gulf and Africa T20 Action

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

A real global feel to this week's show with action in the Americas, to Africa, the Gulf and the raging success of the Nepal Premier League. Daniel Beswick and Nick Skinner with you as we send our best to Tim and everyone in Vanuatu!

Dec 28, 2024

50 min 57 sec

Big Innings - Charlotte Edwards talks Charlotte Edwards Foundation and women's cricket in North America

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

Aaman and Nate are joined by former England captain and all time great Charlotte Edwards to discuss the newly launched Charlotte Edwards Foundation, the future of women's cricket in North America and more. You can visit charlotteedwardsfoundation.org for more information on this new project. 

Dec 27, 2024

42 min 36 sec

Outgoing ICC Chair's words, EAP news, Africa, Asia, Americas action and more!

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

What did Greg Barclay have to say after walking out the ICC door? We break that down plus action all around the world as Tim Cutler joins Daniel Beswick and Nick Skinner

Dec 8, 2024

45 min 57 sec

Statsgate (again) at Africa SRs, Hybrid Asia/EAP T20WC Qualifier teams locked in and more!

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

Remember #StatsGate? We got it again. After a brief cleanup of Challenge League results a focus back on the shorter format, with Asia and Africa Sub-Regionals for T20WC 2026 done and Americas on the horizon.

Nov 30, 2024

54 min 3 sec

O-man! Sultanate shock in League 2, Nepal make U19 Women's T20WC, Challenge League assessments + More!

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

Where's this Oman been! Men in red throw League 2 race wide open, while Nepal's U19 Women celebrate World Cup qualification. Uganda make the early Challenge League B running as Hong Kong win Belt and Road honours albeit with a scare. Daniel Beswick back on deck with Nick Skinner.

Nov 18, 2024

55 min 20 sec

League 2, Challenge League, Hong Kong Sixes and more!

The Emerging Cricket Podcast

Nick Skinner is joined by Tom Grunshaw to discuss the League 2 series in the USA and the UAE, as well as the Challenge League series in Uganda. Also, the Hong Kong Sixes are back, and Rwanda's women beat Kenya at the Gahanga.

Nov 9, 2024

46 min 52 sec

Load more episodes
More podcasts like this
Show all
Popular Episodes
Show all

Company

About
Jobs
For the Record

Communities

For Artists
Developers
Advertising
Investors
Vendors

Useful links

Support
Free Mobile App

Spotify Plans

Premium Individual
Premium Duo
Premium Family
Premium Student
Spotify Free
Audiobooks Access

© 2025 Spotify AB
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://open.spotify.com/show/4KppgWyP498QS2grriNhKg 
 ----- 
