Skip to content
Subscribe Now
51°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Photos: San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford receives multiple ovations from fans during last game of the season
Crawford goes 0-4 in Giants 5-2 loss to Los Angeles Dodgers
By JANE TYSKA | jtyska@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group and JOSE CARLOS FAJARDO | jfajardo@bayareanewsgroup.com
UPDATED: October 3, 2023 at 9:02 AM PDT
San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) waves to the fans after their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group)

Today’s game may have been San Francisco Giants shortstop Brandon Crawford’s farewell not only to his team, but to professional baseball.

“The main thing will be if I want to come back and play baseball next year,” Crawford, 36, said of his looming decision. “There were a lot of parts I didn’t enjoy, unfortunately. But that’s baseball. You fail a lot in this game. Failing isn’t very fun. That’s probably partially why I haven’t made a decision yet. This year is far from how I pictured it going, whether it was going on the IL or just not playing well. Not kind of how I pictured to go out. So that’s definitely a factor.”

Crawford said he will consult with his family, who have accompanied him all the way, starting with his wife, Jalynne, ever since they met at UCLA. Their first-born, Braylyn, arrived two years into Crawford’s career. The nest has since grown to four, with a fifth on the way. All four kids threw ceremonial first pitches, with their dad crouched behind home plate.

Born in Mountain View and raised in Menlo Park and Pleasanton, the Foothill High School graduate received multiple ovations from fans, but loudest and longest was saved for the final time, when he was removed from the game before the top of the ninth inning. Crawford hugged interim manager Kai Correa and each of his fellow infielders, tipped his cap to the fans and was greeted by a procession of hugs upon entering the dugout.

“That was the time where I almost got a little emotional,” Crawford said. “I held it back. I was just trying to take it in and appreciate all the fans and cheers and all that.”

Staff reporter Evan Webeck contributed to this report.

See our gallery below for exclusive photos of Brandon Crawford playing for Foothill High School in Pleasanton.

San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) acknowledges the fans before his first at bat in the first inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Braxton Crawford, 7, throws out the ceremonial first pitch to his father San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) before their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) slips his cap on in the third inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) leaps to catch a ball as Los Angeles Dodgers’ James Outman (33) slides safely at second base in the fifth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Jaydyn Crawford, 9, holds a ball before throwing out the ceremonial first pitch to her father San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) before their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Jaydyn Crawford, 9, performs a backflip before throwing out the ceremonial first pitch to her father San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) before their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
A baseball fan holds a sign in support of San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) after their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
With tears in his eyes, Bryson Crawford, 5, watches from a distance as his father San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) says goodbye to fans one last time after their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) tips his cap to the fans after being relieved in the ninth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
With tears in their eyes San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) hugs his children Braxton, 7, from left, Braylyn, 10, Bryson, 5, and Jaydyn, 9. after their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) hugs San Francisco Giants assistant coach Alyssa Nakken (92) after being relieved in the ninth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants’ Casey Schmitt (6) is congratulated by teammate Brandon Crawford (35) after hitting a solo home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) walks through the dugout in the seventh inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Baseball fans cheer as San Francisco Giants’ Brandon Crawford (35) returns to the dugout after grounding out to first base in the eighth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
San Francisco Giants Brandon Crawford (35) gets a hug from his daughter Jaydyn, 9, before their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group) 
Sean McClure of Acalanes High School looks for the call after being tagged out at second base by Foothill High’s Brandon Crawford during the Willie Stargell Memorial Easter Classic in Alameda, Calif., on Monday, April 12, 2004. (Contra Costa Times/Mark DuFrene) 
Brandon Crawford, Foothill HS prep of the week, photographed on May 24, 2005. (Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group Archives) 
Foothill’s Brandon Crawford slides into second base against Encinal in the Willie Stargell Memorial Easter Classic Baseball Tournement on April 13, 2004. Foothill won 16-2. (Dariyoosh Hariri/Staff Archives) 
Baseball player Brandon Crawford of Foothill High School is an All-Times athlete in Pleasanton, Calif., on Wednesday, June 15, 2005. (Contra Costa Times/Cindi Christie) 

 

 

Originally Published: October 1, 2023 at 4:58 PM PDT
Around the Web
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
The 20 Worst Failed Restaurant Chains That Nobody Misses
Definition
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
In Iowa The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? a Discovery That Will Turn Heads!
Tardive | Search Ads
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
A Man Has Found a Way to Grow Hair! This is Not a Joke
BioGrow
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Council Bluffs: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
Healthier Living Tips
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Men With Enlarged Prostate Swear by This Simple Ritual
WellnessGaze Prostate
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
Caitlin Clark And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
vetob
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Warning Signals That You Have TNBC (Explore Now)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
Three Banks in Council Bluffs May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Check It Out!
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Add This to Your Toothpaste to Help Regrow Gums in a Few Days
WellnessGaze Dental
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Diabetes? Do This to Lower Blood Sugar (Naturally)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Digestion Expert: Doing This Will Reset Your Gut & Remove Parasites
WellnessGaze News
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Council Bluffs!
Oil Change
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2023
October
1
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/10/01/photos-san-francisco-giants-brandon-crawford-receives-multiple-ovations-from-fans-during-last-game-of-the-season/ 
 ----- 
