Skip to content
Subscribe Now
51°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
Rookies give glimpse into future as Giants celebrate Brandon Crawford’s past
Kyle Harrison, Casey Schmitt look to Giants’ future with Brandon Crawford (maybe) saying goodbye
San Francisco Giants’ Casey Schmitt (6) is congratulated by teammate Brandon Crawford (35) after hitting a solo home run in the eighth inning of their MLB game at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Bay Area News Group)
By SHAYNA RUBIN | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: October 1, 2023 at 4:55 PM PDT

SAN FRANCISCO — The crowd at Oracle Park rose to their feet to celebrate Brandon Crawford, the last player standing from a bygone championship era. Kyle Harrison and Casey Schmitt then made cases to be the Giants’ future.

Good vibes couldn’t overcome bad offense and the Giants lost the final game of the season to the Los Angeles Dodgers, 5-2, on Sunday afternoon at Oracle Park. Los Angeles took the 7-6 edge in the head-to-head series between the two rivals and the Giants finish the season 79-83. The Giants didn’t score more than two runs in any of the final eight games.

With Crawford’s tentative goodbye to the team he’s played 1,655 games for, the fan celebration and some strong rookie performances provided some highlights — and perhaps a little hope that there would be something to cheer for again.

Much like his debut so far, Harrison’s Game 162 start against the Los Angeles Dodgers wasn’t pretty, but showed promise. He hit three Dodgers with pitches, but held the NL West champions — rolling out all their starters — hitless through five innings. He struck out four and even mixed in a few cutters and 15 changeups along with his primary fastball and slider combination.

“That was awesome,” Crawford said. “I went up to him a couple times and said, ‘hell of a job,’ that’s a great lineup he went through a couple times.”

Harrison had some help defensively, including a diving catch by Mike Yastrzemski in right field to rob James Outman of a hit in the second inning. He also got in his own way. Harrison hit Freddie Freeman and Will Smith in back-to-back plate appearances in the first inning to the Dodgers’ ire. Later, Harrison hit Chris Taylor in the knee with a slider and Taylor writhed in pain on the ground, but wasn’t pulled until the eighth inning with a left knee contusion.

A tough Dodgers lineup got Harrison’s pitch count up to 93 pitches by the end of the fifth inning, but the rookie had four strikeouts and induced weak contact. Only DH J.D. Martinez and third baseman Max Muncy got hard contact off Harrison.

“Weird day, I felt like I had good stuff today but let a couple pitches get away from me,” Harrison said. “Wasn’t intentional. Not trying to hit anyone. Just competed a little too hard and had some pitches run away.”

John Brebbia relieved Harrison for the sixth inning and allowed the Dodgers their first hit to the first batter he faced, Smith, and walked Muncy before leaving the game. Taylor Rogers gave up RBI singles to Kolten Wong and Outman. Then Kiké Hernandez broke it open with a three-run home run to make it 5-0 and Rogers was removed from the game with lower back tightness.

Harrison finishes his rookie debut with a 4.12 ERA in seven big league starts. The 22-year-old heads into the offseason with a clear goal to “get bigger and stronger” in order to build up endurance to pitch deeper into games.

The Giants treated Game 162 as a goodbye to Crawford, whose contract expired after the game ended. Fans packed the ballpark flashing signs thanking the hometown kid for his 13 years in a Giants uniform.

He was reinstated from the 10-day IL for the final game and batted leadoff for the second time in his career. Interim manager Kai Correa said the decision was to get Crawford the opportunity for as many at-bats as possible. He went 0-for-4 with two strikeouts and was taken out of the game to a standing ovation in the top of the ninth for Luciano.

Crawford’s mini-me stole the show.

Blake Sabol’s hit off hot Dodgers’ pitching prospect Bobby Miller was the Giants’ only one until until Schmitt hit a solo home run off reliever Ryan Pepiot in the sixth inning. The rookie hit a second home run in the eighth inning.

Schmitt and Marco Luciano are vying to be part of the Giants’ starting infield next season year if Crawford doesn’t re-sign. Whatever Crawford decides, Schmitt learned a lot from the mild-mannered veteran he called “papa.”

As has been tradition since 2015, only in non-must-win games, Crawford chose the walk-up music for each of his teammates for Game 162. He chose “Just the Two of Us” by Bill Withers for his infield pal Schmitt.

RELATED ARTICLES
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report

Schmitt also hopes to get “bigger, faster and stronger,” but also more consistent. The 24-year-old made his debut on May 9 and got off to a torrid start, but started to chase pitches too much out of the zone and was shuttled between Triple-A Sacramento and the big leagues. But injuries kept him in San Francisco long enough to play 89 games; he finishes with a .200 average and .547 OPS.

Throughout, he’s showed off a strong arm and instinct defensively. Playing alongside one of the best shortstops in Giants history can only give him an edge.

“I learned how to just take it as it is and to think differently,” Schmitt said. “Just watching how he goes about his business. He’s a special guy. I’m really grateful I got to be around him.”

Originally Published: October 1, 2023 at 2:50 PM PDT
Around the Web
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
21 Things Golden Girls Producers Hid From Fans
YourBump
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
In Iowa The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Hair Grows Back in 7 Days! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Insomnia: Can't Sleep? Try This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
What Triggers Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Shock You! (Learn More Inside)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Forget Rogaine, Do This to Fight Thinning Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
Men With Enlarged Prostate Swear by This Simple Ritual
WellnessGaze Prostate
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
New AC Without Outdoor Unit USA 2024 - Search More!
Air Conditioners I Search Ads
The Price of Storage Units! You May Be Surprised!
Storage Units I Search Ads
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Three earthquakes in four hours hit off San Francisco coast
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
How to help people impacted by the Los Angeles fires
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
Sex tape, secrets, and snitches: In failed attempt to dismiss police brutality case, ex-Antioch cop airs department’s dirty laundry
Officials: San Francisco child presumptively tests positive for bird flu
A love story transplanted this pizzeria from Lake Como to Redwood City
‘Numerous’ attempts to serve subpoena to ex-Alameda County DA Pamela Price have failed, public defender says

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2023
October
1
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/10/01/rookies-give-glimpse-into-future-as-giants-celebrate-brandon-crawfords-past/ 
 ----- 
