Skip to content
  
Home
NBA
NFL
MLB
UFC
oh la la
NFL Fantasy
NBA Fantasy
MLB Fantasy
Odds
Futures
Props
PGA
College Football
College Basketball
NHL
Who is Jekalyn Carr, Girlfriend of Jawaan Taylor? His Relationship, Parents, Family, Net Worth
Posted on September 30, 2023 by Komal Kumari

Jawaan Taylor plays offensive lineman for the National Football League’s (NFL) Kansas City Chiefs. At Florida, he played college football. The Jacksonville Jaguars selected him in the second round of the 2019 NFL Draft (35th overall). During his true freshman year at the University of Florida in 2016, Taylor was a starter. He made the decision to forego his senior year and join the 2019 NFL Draft after his junior season in 2018.

Jawaan Taylor Relationship

This young and talented football player makes everyone curious to discover his relationship status. So, let us tell you that In 2020, Jekalyn Carr and Jawaan Taylor made their relationship public.

Alamy

In 2020, she discussed her new album and new boyfriend while live-streaming on Facebook. According to sources, In 2020, Jekalyn and Jawaan connected via Facebook Live. Jekalyn is a singer-songwriter, author, businesswoman, and actress. In addition to The Life Project in 2016 and the Grammy-nominated One Nation Under God in 2018, she has released a number of other well-liked albums.

However, the couple protects their privacy and does not want to have those headlines discussed or make big news in the media’s bright spotlight. We hope that he will share further information with his fans in the near future.

Jawaan Taylor Parents

Taylor was born on 25 November 1997, in Cocoa, Florida, United States to Robert Taylor and Wendy Taylor. Taylor attended Cocoa High School. Prior to deciding to play collegiate football at the University of Florida, he had previously committed to the University of Miami.

Jawaan M. Taylor ♛ on X: “Happy Mother’s Day to the Best mom in the world❗️🌍 Thank you for all the Love, Encouragement, &amp; being my #1 Supporter! Love You! 👸🏽❤️🤞🏽 https://t.co/VtDRkA8zc1” / X (twitter.com)

His father was a UPS driver and assistant pastor who is no more now. He belongs to a very supportive family who has always inspired him to follow his passion. So, it can surely be assumed that his early success in life could be a result of the support and encouragement he got from his close ones.

Jawaan Taylor’s Net Worth

With the Kansas City Chiefs, Taylor agreed to a four-year, $80,000,000 contract that paid him an average annual salary of $20,000,000 as well as a $18,900,000 signing bonus and $60,000,000 in guaranteed money. Taylor’s base pay in 2023 will be $1,080,000.

More News
Here’s Everything You Need To Know About The Odell Beckham Jr. And Kim K’s Rumored Romance
Former NFL Star Jay Cutler’s Wife And Reality TV Star, Kristin Cavallari Is In Love With QB Travis Kelce
Travis Kelce Revealed Important Information About His And Taylor Swift’s Dating Life. 
 
THE ULTIMATE MOBILE SPORTS EXPERIENCE

All team logos are the copyright of their respective teams and Yebscore LLC does not in any way claim to own them.

YebScore LLC
Private Policy
Terms
Contact us.
Follow Us
 
 

© copyright 2022 | Yebscore

We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies.
Got it!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://yebscore.com/news/who-is-jekalyn-carr-girlfriend-of-jawaan-taylor-his-relationship-parents-family-net-worth/ 
 ----- 
