SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
Credit...
David La Spina for The New York Times
Shohei Ohtani’s Impossible, Unrivaled, Bittersweet Season

It might have been the greatest year of individual achievement in major-league history. Will we ever see anything like it again?

Share full article
152

By Bruce Schoenfeld

Bruce Schoenfeld has been writing about baseball for over 30 years.

Sept. 30, 2023

In late August, a few days after the remnants of Hurricane Hilary hit the Southern California coast as only the second tropical storm there in recorded history, the Los Angeles Angels played a doubleheader at home against the Cincinnati Reds — a regularly scheduled game and a game that had previously been postponed. In the first inning of the opener, Shohei Ohtani came to the plate with a runner on first base. With his first swing, he smashed a fastball 116 miles per hour over the billboards with the Japanese ads in right field and into the stands, a computer-estimated 442 feet away. It was not just Ohtani’s 44th home run, the most in the American League at the time; it was an especially prodigious one.

Already that day, Ohtani had worked a perfect top half of the first inning as a pitcher, retiring the three Reds in order. After his home run, he returned to the mound as the American League leader in an assortment of statistical categories. He was both the leader in home runs and the starting pitcher who had held opponents to the lowest batting average, a combination nobody had achieved before. By the end of the day, he would lead in slugging percentage and O.P.S. (on-base plus slugging). He was at or near the top in all sorts of pitching metrics, too, both traditional and more recently adopted: sixth in earned run average, fifth in strikeouts, third in generating weak contact. He had also allowed the fewest hits per nine innings.

Ohtani’s emergence as both an elite pitcher and hitter is a phenomenon as rare as a California hurricane — there has never been anything like him. Since the 2018 season, his first in the majors, Ohtani has mastered the two disciplines, when his body has allowed it. For three seasons, from 2018 through 2020, he pitched a total of just 12 games because of a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow that required surgery but didn’t stop him from hitting. In 2021, he was the American League’s most valuable player. By most analytical measures, he performed just as well last season. By some, he was even better.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

This year was his best yet, perhaps the most remarkable season by an individual in baseball history. It started when he played for Japan in the World Baseball Classic in March, where he recorded the hardest-hit ball of the tournament and tied for the fastest pitch. The first five times he pitched for the Angels, he allowed a total of eight hits, the fewest by a starter to open a season in modern history. After that, he seemed to do something every week that hadn’t been seen in years, or ever. Some feats were the obscure sort baseball likes to keep track of, like becoming the first player since 1964 to steal a base and homer in a game that he started on the mound; or his accumulation of especially long home runs. Others were more historic. He was only the second player ever to lead his league in both homers and triples at the All-Star Break, for example. On July 27, he reached an apotheosis of sorts by throwing a one-hit shutout against the Detroit Tigers in the first game of a doubleheader, then hitting two home runs in the second game, another combination without precedent. “In our lifetime, we’ve never seen anything like it,” says Manny Machado, the San Diego Padres’ All-Star third baseman. “I didn’t believe it when he first came over here, that it would be possible. But he’s proven me and a lot of other people wrong.”

Image
Shohei Ohtani at Citi Field facing the Mets in August, before suffering a season-ending injury in early September.
Credit...
David La Spina for The New York Times

When Ohtani arrived from Japan’s Nippon Professional Baseball at age 23 in 2018, he already was renowned as a singular talent. A video of his hitting a ball through the roof of the Tokyo Dome in 2016 had been widely circulated. The fact that he excelled at both hitting and pitching (also in 2016, he was chosen for his league’s postseason “Best Nine” as its top pitcher and designated hitter) had captured the imagination of scouts and executives throughout Major League Baseball. Coveted by essentially every team, he signed a six-year deal with the Angels. It seemed clear that playing with Mike Trout, baseball’s best hitter at the time and a superb center fielder, would increase his chances of winning a World Series. It hasn’t worked out that way. In Ohtani’s six seasons with the Angels, the team hasn’t even managed a winning record. As of 2022, 12 of the 30 teams in the league now qualify for baseball’s playoffs, yet the postseason will begin again next week without him. For millions of casual fans, the narrative of his career is playing out offstage.

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

A version of this article appears in print on Oct. 1, 2023, Page 26 of the Sunday Magazine with the headline: Mr. Incredible. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: Shohei Ohtani, Los Angeles Angels, Major League Baseball
READ 152 COMMENTS
Share full article
152

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptionsYour Privacy Choices

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2023/09/30/magazine/shohei-ohtani.html 
 ----- 
