   

Expert Insights for the AI Business Revolution

IN-DEPTH

Top AI Tech from CES 2024
By John K. Waters
01/17/2024

It's no surprise that artificial intelligence (AI) grabbed the spotlight at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES), held last week in Las Vegas. Everything from a new generation of AI-based PC hardware to cutting-edge vision tech for safer driving, AI seemed to be part of nearly every product announcement—including the usual lineup of big-screen TVs and home robots.

Here's our list of the top AI tools, products, and platforms launched or previewed at the show:

NVIDIA launches GeForce RTX:
One announcement from the show we felt had the greatest potential for the most significant impact in the short term was NVIDIA's launch of the GeForce RTX 40 SUPER Series graphics cards. The new hardware was designed to supercharge the latest games and form the core of AI-powered PCs. The new family of GPUs  includes the GeForce RTX 4080 SUPER, the GeForce RTX 4070 Ti SUPER, and the GeForce RTX 4070 SUPER.

Volkswagen integrates ChatGPT into its vehicles:
The German automaker announced that it is integrating ChatGPT into all Volkswagen models equipped with its IDA voice assistant. Cerence Chat Pro from technology partner Cerence Inc. is the foundation of the new feature, which offers what the company describes as "an intelligent, automotive-grade ChatGPT integration." Volkswagen will be the first volume manufacturer to offer Chat GPT as a standard feature from the second quarter of 2024 in many production vehicles.

Mercedes-Benz enhances ChatGPT-based voice assistant:
At the higher end of the auto market, Mercedes-Benz announced an expansion of its use of AI in its vehicles with the addition of ChatGPT voice control via the MBUX Voice Assistant's "Hey Mercedes" prompt. An optional beta program will start June 16 in the U.S. for over 900,000 vehicles equipped with the MBUX infotainment system.

Bosch adds eye-tracking tech to safeguard sleepy drivers:
Another fascinating, in-car, AI-based technology is this tech from Bosch that monitors a driver's eyes and alerts them when they appear to be falling asleep. The technology is also designed to identify the driver’s points of interest as they drive, recognizing where the driver directs his or her gaze. This capability allows the car to provide relevant contextual information, such as details about nearby restaurants or historical facts about landmarks.

WeHead AI companion robot adds a face to your AI chats:
One of the most talked about displays at the show, the ChatGPT-based AI assistant presents a fractured, AI-generated face on a proprietary hardware platform for your ChatGPT interactions. As the company explains, "Wehead GPT is embodied LLM that helps you with brainstorming, decision making and self-reflection." Often described in reviews from the show as "creepy," the device and software are currently priced at $5000.

Getty Images launches AI tool for image generation:
The leading global visual content creator marketplace, Getty Images, unveiled Generative AI by iStock, billed as an affordable and commercially safe generative AI tool "to help users and businesses easily turn their creative visions into powerful content." The operative word here is "safe." The service makes it possible for users to download and license any generated image with legal indemnification at no extra cost. The new service is powered by NVIDIA's Picasso, and provides 100 image generations for $14.99 per month.

Seergrills' smart grill cooks perfect ribeye in 90 seconds:
It's probably not game-changing tech, but what was billed as the world's first AI-powered grill provided a striking example of AI's drift into everyday consumer products. The Perfecta grill uses dual vertical infrared burners to pulse and move horizontally, reaching temperatures as high as 1,652° F while providing 360° cooking. " From ribeye steaks to pizza, cook all your favorites in 3 minutes or less."

Walmart previews a service that keeps your pantry stocked, automatically:
Home grocery deliver just got automated. Walmart has teamed up with Microsoft to use AI to expand the capabilities of its InHome Replenishment Service. Guided by artificial intelligence, the automated replenishment system is designed to track the shopping and consumption habits of consumers and will use the data as a base point to determine when items are automatically restocked without shoppers entering the store.

AI for your dog from Invoxia, wins best innovation in the AI category:
It was bound to happen. The Minitailz collar attachment was billed as "an all-in-one device to know everything about your pet." The AI-powered device records resting heart rate and breathing rate to monitor your dog's overall health status. This might actually be a game changer for lovers of man's (and woman's) best friend.

Giorgio Armani "decodes your skin" with precision diagnostic service:
The L'Oréal Group's Meta Profiler's use of AI for analyzing skin health was another standout, illustrating AI's potential to tailor and enhance the so-called retail experience. The handheld device "born from a high-performance laboratory technology" replicates precise clinical lab measurements thanks to its combination of 18 analytical LEDs and 3 capture modes, the company says: parallel polarized mode to capture wrinkles and texture, cross polarized mode to capture pigmentation disorders and tone quality, and a 3D mode to capture smoothness and skin texture.

Samsung touts AI in its new TVs:
It wouldn't be CES without some wowie-zowie televisions, and the wowie-zowie-est this year were offered by Samsung. The company's new Neo QLED 8Ks include a built-in AI processor, the NQ8 AI Gen3, which supports a neural processing unit that is twice as fast as previous versions and an AI neural network eight times larger. The processor utilizes deep learning and 8K AI Upscaling Pro technology to automatically adjust image and sound quality. The AI Motion Enhancer Pro improves the clarity of fast-moving objects, such as a ball during a soccer match. And AI Upscaling Pro can upscale even low-resolution, standard-definition content to 8K. (Wowee!)




About the Author

John K. Waters is the editor in chief of a number of Converge360.com sites, with a focus on high-end development, AI and future tech. He's been writing about cutting-edge technologies and culture of Silicon Valley for more than two decades, and he's written more than a dozen books. He also co-scripted the documentary film Silicon Valley: A 100 Year Renaissance, which aired on PBS.  He can be reached at jwaters@converge360.com.


Featured
Launches Jetson Orin Nano Super, Boosting Generative AI Performance
House Leaders Unveil Bipartisan Roadmap for AI Governance and Innovation
Google Expands AI-Based Video and Image Generation Toolbox
AI Startup Writer Inc. Targets 'Creativity Gap' with New Language Model
Pure AI
Sign up for our newsletter.
Email Address*
Country*
United States of America
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Azerbaijan
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde (Cabo Verde)
Cayman Islands
Curaçao
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Pakistan
Oman
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Paraguay
Papua New Guinea
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Eswatini (Swaziland)
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to this site's Privacy Policy
Please type the letters/numbers you see above.
Most Popular Articles
AI Startup Writer Inc. Targets 'Creativity Gap' with New Language Model
Why is Hot New Agentic AI Now Dominating the Space?
Protect AI Joins Microsoft’s Pegasus Program to Boost Global AI Security Solutions
Google Expands AI-Based Video and Image Generation Toolbox
Welcome to the Agentic World
Upcoming Training Events
TechMentor Virtual Training: Getting To Know O365 From A to Z
February 11-12, 2025
Live! 360 2-Day Hands-On Seminar: From Traction to Production: Building Generative AI Applications with Azure AI Studio
March 25-26, 2025
Cybersecurity & Ransomware Live! VirtCon 2025
May 13-15, 2025
TechMentor @ Microsoft HQ
August 11-15, 2025
Live! 360 Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
Artificial Intelligence Live! Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
Cloud & Containers Live! Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
Cybersecurity & Ransomware Live! Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
Data Platform Live! Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
TechMentor Orlando
November 16-21, 2025
Upcoming AI Events
CES | Jan. 7-10
Microsoft AI Tour NYC | Jan. 30
AI Boardroom
ADTmag
AWS Insider
Campus Security Today
Campus Technology
Environmental Protection
Live! 360
MCPmag
MedCloudInsider
Occupational Health & Safety
Redmond
Redmond Channel Partner
Security Today
Spaces 4 Learning
TechMentor
Tech Tactics in Education
THE Journal
Virtualization & Cloud Review
Visual Studio Magazine
Visual Studio Live!


©2018-2025 1105 Media Inc. See our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Terms of Use. CA: Do Not Sell My Personal Info


Problems? Questions? Feedback? E-mail us.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pureai.com/Articles/2024/01/17/Top-AI-Tech-from-2024-CES.aspx 
 ----- 
