Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
AFCON 2023
Morocco vs Tanzania Prediction and Preview
JAN 17, 2024
RYAN BENSON / AUTHOR
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

Africa’s highest-ranked team get their AFCON 2023 campaign started on Wednesday. Look ahead to the game with our Morocco vs Tanzania prediction and preview.

Ad
Morocco vs Tanzania: Pre-Match Facts
The Opta supercomputer is backing Morocco as firm favourites for this encounter, with the Atlas Lions victorious in 62.9% of its 10,000 pre-match simulations.
Morocco are making their 19th appearance at the CAF Africa Cup of Nations. Their only title dates back to 1976 in Ethiopia.
Morocco last reached the final four of the Africa Cup of Nations 20 years ago, when they were beaten finalists against hosts Tunisia. However, the last time Morocco reached the semi-finals of the tournament outside of North Africa was back in 1980, when it was held in Nigeria.
Morocco have won seven of their last eight group matches at the Africa Cup of Nations (D1).
Morocco have scored in each of their last nine matches at the AFCON, the second-longest active streak coming into this tournament after Burkina Faso (14).
This is Tanzania’s third appearance at the Africa Cup of Nations after 1980 and 2019. They finished bottom of their group on both occasions, losing five of their six matches (D1).
Tanzania haven’t kept a clean sheet in their six matches at the AFCON. Only Zimbabwe (15), Mozambique (12) and Namibia (9) have played more matches in the competition without a clean sheet.
Among the 24 teams that will feature in Ivory Coast, Tanzania scored the fewest goals during the qualifiers (three in six games). Two of their three goals were scored by Simon Msuva.
Morocco striker Youssef En-Nesyri has scored in each of the last three Africa Cup of Nations. No Moroccan player has ever scored in four different editions of the tournament.
Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi created nine chances for his teammates in qualifying for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (one assist). The all-action full-back also completed more dribbles (six), played more passes into the box (25) and won back possession (22) more often than any other Moroccan player.
Match Preview

Expectations for Morocco have arguably never been higher. After a remarkable run at Qatar 2022 saw them become the first African country in history to reach the semi-finals of a World Cup, they go into the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations as the continent’s highest-ranked (13) side in the FIFA rankings. Exactly 13 months on from losing 2-1 to Croatia in the World Cup third-place play-off, the Atlas Lions get their AFCON Group F campaign started against Tanzania.

Given what Morocco achieved in Qatar and the fact they’ve broken into the top 15 teams in the world, this should – in theory – be a mismatch, with Tanzania making only their third appearance at the AFCON.

Ad

But if the first few days of AFCON 2023 have told us anything, it’s to expect the unexpected, with Nigeria, Egypt and Ghana all falling to shock results, with the latter even suffering a late defeat to Cape Verde.

There’s undoubtedly been an aura of confidence enveloping Morocco since the World Cup, however, and the talent they possess is considerable with the likes of Achraf Hakimi, Youssef En-Nesyri, Hakim Ziyech, Sofyan Amrabat and Bilal El Khannouss, who is one of our lesser-known players to watch.

Their route through qualifying was fairly straightforward as well. They won qualification Group K ahead of South Africa and Liberia, as well as Zimbabwe, who were disqualified due to FIFA suspending them for political interference.

Walid Regragui’s men finished with nine points from their four matches, their only loss coming against South Africa, who also made it to AFCON 2023. Of the 23 nations that reached the tournament (Ivory Coast automatically qualified as hosts), no team had their qualification confirmed earlier than Morocco (24 March 2023).

This will be their 19th participation in the AFCON, though their record is unspectacular. They’ve only won it once, in 1976, and reached the final on just one other occasion, losing the 2004 showpiece to Tunisia. Two years ago, in the 2021 edition, Morocco reached the quarter-finals but lost to eventual finalists Egypt 2-1 after extra time.

Tanzania, on the other hand, are very inexperienced at this level. They’ve participated at AFCON only twice prior to 2023 and never progressed beyond the group stage, only earning a single point over their two tournament runs.  

They qualified for AFCON 2023 as runners-up to Algeria in Group F ahead of Uganda and Niger. They got eight points from their six games, the lowest tally of any qualifying team that played all six matches, as well has having the joint-lowest goal difference (-1). They confirmed their qualification with a draw against Algeria on 7 September, being the only team to take points off the Fennec Foxes in qualifying.

Morocco vs Tanzania Head-to-Head

This will be the first encounter between Morocco and Tanzania at the Africa Cup of Nations. They faced each other last November in World Cup qualifying – Morocco won 2-0 in Dar-es-Salaam.

Morocco vs Tanzania Prediction
Ad

Morocco are heavy favourites for this match, with the Opta supercomputer predicting a win in favour of the Atlas Lions. They won 62.9% of the pre-match simulations, compared to Tanzania’s win probability of just 18.0%. The draw is rated at 19.1%.

In the week leading up to AFCON 2023, our pre-tournament predictions had Morocco as third favourites to lift the trophy, going all the way in 11.1% of the 10,000 simulations. Only defending champions Senegal (12.8%) and hosts Ivory Coast (12.1%) were deemed likelier to take the title than Morocco.

On the flip side, Tanzania are considered one of the weakest sides at the tournament. Their 0.6% win probability before the tournament started was only better than Angola and Namibia, both on 0.5%.

Below are the current, up-to-date chances of progression through AFCON 2023 for both sides according to the Opta supercomputer:

Morocco vs Tanzania Squads

Morocco: Munir Mohamedi, Yassine Bounou, Mehdi Benabid, Nayef Aguerd, Achraf Hakimi, Romain Saïss, Chadi Riad, Yahya Attiat-Allah, Abdel Abqar, Yunis Abdelhamid, Noussair Mazraoui, Mohamed Chibi, Sofyan Amrabat, Hakim Ziyech, Amir Richardson, Selim Amallah, Oussama El Azzouzi, Amine Harit, Azzedine Ounahi, Bilal El Khannouss, Sofiane Boufal, Youssef En-Nesyri, Abde Ezzalzouli, Ismael Saibari, Tarik Tissoudali, Amine Adli, Ayoub El Kaabi.

Coach: Walid Regragui

Tanzania: Beno Kakolanya, Aishi Manula, Kwesi Kawawa, Dickson Job, Abdi Banda, Ibrahim Hamad, Abdulmalik Zakaria, Mohamed Hussein, Bakari Mwamnyeto, Miano van den Bos, Lusajo Mwaikenda, Haji Mnoga, Mudathir Yahya, Feisal Salum, Charles M’Mombwa, Novatus Miroshi, Sospeter Bajana, Himid Mao, Mohammed Sagaf, Mzamiru Yassin, Morice Abraham, Kibu Denis, Tarryn Allarakhia, Cyprian Kachwele, Mbwana Samatta, Simon Msuva, Ben Starkie.

Ad

Coach: Adel Amrouche

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our new football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
AFCON 2023
A Tournament of Two Halves: The Incredible Numbers Behind Ivory Coast’s AFCON 2023 Win
11 MONTHS AGO MATT FURNISS
AFCON 2023
Nigeria vs Ivory Coast Prediction: 2023 Africa Cup of Nations Final Preview
11 MONTHS AGO RYAN BENSON
AFCON 2023
Ivory Coast 1-0 DR Congo Stats: AFCON 2023 Semi-Final
11 MONTHS AGO OPTA ANALYST
AFCON 2023
Nigeria vs South Africa Stats: AFCON 2023 Semi-Final
11 MONTHS AGO OPTA ANALYST
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/01/morocco-vs-tanzania-prediction-preview-afcon-2023 
 ----- 
