Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Bridges Block Secures Narrow Knicks Victory Over Nets
The New York Knicks survived a tough challenge from the Brooklyn Nets despite major absences and a standout performance from Cam Thomas.
Geoff Magliocchetti | Nov 16, 2024
Nov 15, 2024; New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks forward Mikal Bridges (25) looks to pass the ball against Brooklyn Nets forward Ziaire Williams (1) during the fourth quarter at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-Imagn Images / Brad Penner-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Knicks

With Karl-Anthony Towns out, it took a village for the New York Knicks to take down the Brooklyn Nets on Friday night.

The latest chapter of the metropolitan rivalry went down to the wire, as a game-winning three-pointer from Jalen Brunson and a sealing block from Mikal Bridges proved to be just enough for the hosting Knicks to steal a 124-122 victory. Friday's get-together at Madison Square Garden was the first between the two teams since a June deal sent Bridges from Brooklyn to Manhattan.

Brunson's heroics from deep created the last three of 37 points and helped the Knicks (6-6, 2-0) hold at least a share of first place in Group A of the Eastern Conference's NBA Cup activities. It also saved the Knicks the embarrassment of blowing an 18-point lead they carried into the fourth quarter, one that became a one-point deficit when Dennis Schroder sank a triple of his own shortly before Brunson's toss.

Nov 15, 2024; New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks guard Jalen Brunson (11) celebrates his game winning three point shot against Brooklyn Nets forward Dorian Finney-Smith (28) during the fourth quarter at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-Imagn Images / Brad Penner-Imagn Images

Cam Thomas scored 43 for the Nets(5-8, 0-1) in defeat, breaking his own record for points earned by a Net in a visit to Madsion Square Graden, breaking the record he set last April.

With Towns out due to a knee injury sustained in Wednesday's loss to Chicago and Miles McBride fighting an illness, the Knicks were forced to offer their rookies sizable showcases: though Jericho Sims got the start, Ariel Hukporti took paricular advantage, earning seven points with four blocks and rebounds each in a career-best 30 minutes. First-round choice Pacome Dadiet got a dozen and paired five points with four rebounds.

Metropolitan headliners, however, stole the show: Brunson saved the best for last despite the Knicks' late struggles, scoring 16 of their 24 points in the final period as Brooklyn inched its way back thanks in part to the efforts of Thomas and Cameron Johnson, who united for 22 points on 7-of-9 shooting in the fateful final frame. New York was further sidelined when OG Anunoby, scorer of 25 points, fouled out by way of a successful Jordi Fernandez challenge.

In the end, though, Brunson was able to pry a victory away after Wednesday's comeback fell short. That game ended with a Brunson jumper rattling in and out of the rim as time expired, but there was no doubt about Friday's heave, which sent MSG into relieved hysterics before Bridges met a driving Schroder at the opposing rim to reject his would-be equalizer.

The metropolitan rivals will do battle again at the Garden on Sunday night (7 p.m. ET, MSG).

Make sure you bookmark Knicks on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

What's Knicks' Plan For Robinson's Return
Bridges Ready to Face Nets
Anunoby Responds to Hathaway Encounter
Knicks Coach Addresses DiVincenzo Drama
Knicks Get Bad News in L2M Report
Published Nov 15, 2024|Modified Nov 16, 2024
GEOFF MAGLIOCCHETTI

Editor-In-Chief at All Knicks

Follow GeoffJMags

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/knicks/news/mikal-bridges-block-secures-narrow-new-york-knicks-victory-nets 
 ----- 
