Skip to main content
Purple Row homepage
a Colorado Rockies community
Follow Purple Row online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Purple Row main menu
FANPOSTS
SHOP
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

ROCKPILE
The Rockies have largely failed to improve at base stealing in 2024

Colorado Rockies news and links for Monday, September 23rd, 2024

By Evan Lang@evan_lang27  Sep 23, 2024, 6:00am MDT  85 Comments / 85 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

The Colorado Rockies have largely struggled to steal bases during the Bud Black era, especially following their 2018 playoff run. From 2019 through 2023, the Rockies have never stolen more than 80 bases in a season, with a low mark—discounting the COVID-19 shortened 2020 campaign—coming in 2022 where they stole just 45 bases.

In 2023 the Rockies stole the third-fewest bases in the league despite larger bases being introduced to encourage more attempts. 21 other teams stole at least 100 bases, while the Rockies only managed 76—matching their total from 2021 before the bases were made larger.

With the Rockies getting younger, faster, and more athletic heading into the 2024 season, general manager Bill Schmidt and manager Bud Black indicated during the Winter Meetings that doing more on the bases would be a point of emphasis. This was shown during spring training when the Rockies were extremely aggressive when it came to stealing bases. The Rockies swiped a top-ten 34 bags this spring with 52 total attempts in 31 total games out in Arizona during Cactus League play.

However, the Rockies got off to a bad start once the regular season began. Our own Renee Dechert checked in on the Rockies’ base stealing efforts in mid-May and the results were less than encouraging.

By May 14th the Rockies had stolen just 16 total bases, the second lowest number in the league at the time. Meanwhile, the Cincinnati Reds had already almost met the Rockies’ 2023 total with 72. Granted, base stealing phenom Elly De La Cruz accounted for 25 of those steals... but that still eclipsed the total of the entire Rockies roster.

Fast forward to today and with one week left in the regular season the Rockies have stolen 83 bases—not even ten more than they had last season. Although they aren’t ranked as low as they were in 2023, the Rockies are still in the bottom ten when it comes to the steal.

The Rockies’ primary base stealer is once again center fielder Brenton Doyle. Doyle was on pace to eclipse his total of 22 from last season and has succeeded. He leads the team with 29 and was likely to get past the 30-mark. Unfortunately, a flare-up of tendonitis in his knee kept him sidelined for this last three-game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers and there are just six games left in the season.

In 2023 Ezequiel Tovar and Nolan Jones were the team’s other two primary stealing threats with 11 and 20 respectively. Neither Tovar nor Jones have been able to deliver as baserunning threats in their sophomore seasons.

Despite the Rockies coaching staff indicating that—while it would never be the primary part of his game—Tovar would look to run more in 2024, he simply hasn’t. In 2023 Tovar had 16 total attempts in 153 games played. This season he’s stolen just six bases on 11 total attempts in 151 games.

Jones on the other hand has been a shell of himself in 2024 both with his bat and with his legs. Battling back injuries and spending a large chunk of the season on the injured list, Jones has appeared in just 74 games and stolen only five bases on nine total attempts.

According to Baseball Savant, Jones is still one of the fastest players on the Rockies with an above-average sprint speed, but when he’s getting on base—with a .309 OBP—he simply isn’t attempting to steal.

Brenton Doyle is the only member of the Rockies with double digit steals and one of just five Rockies baserunners with more than five. With six games left in the regular season it is unlikely any of his other teammates will join him.

His closest teammate is first baseman Michael Toglia with nine steals on ten attempts. While Toglia is definitely quicker than your average first baseman, stealing will never be a key aspect to his baserunning game.

The Rockies claimed this offseason that they would be pushing for a more aggressive baserunning game with steals as a key emphasis. However, they have largely failed to deliver. When 38-year-old Charlie Blackmon is tied for the fourth most steals on the team with six, that much is evident.

The Rockies are once again set to become younger and more athletic heading into the 2025 season. They will once again have to try catching up with the modern game when it comes to stealing bases.

★ ★ ★

On the Farm

Triple-A: Albuquerque Isotopes 7, Reno Aces 6

Yanquiel Fernandez (no. 5 PuRP) and Hunter Stovall were the offensive keys to victory in the Albuquerque Isotopes’ final game of the 2024 season. Fernandez went 3-for-4 with his second Triple-A home run to drive in three total runs. Stovall also had three hits and drove in two runs with a critical double. Isotopes Pitcher of the Year Riley Pint emptied the tank in an inning of relief by striking out the side.

★ ★ ★

Senzatela ‘competing hard’ as he prepares for big things next year | MLB.com

Antonio Senzatela made his second start of the season against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday. Senzatela gave up just one earned run in five strong innings of work against a difficult lineup. As he aims to return to the mainstay of the rotation he was before his Tommy John surgery, Senzatela will likely get one more start before the season ends.

“It feels really good overall,” Senzatela said. “My arm is really good. My pitches worked better than the last time. I kept more balls on the ground.”

Injuries & Moves: Goodman dealing with jammed thumb | MLB.com

Rockies catcher Hunter Goodman left Sunday’s game with an apparent injury after attempting to block a pitch with his right hand. The team is calling it a jammed thumb—something catchers can deal with as they try to handle balls in the dirt—but it caused Goodman to have difficulty gripping the ball in the late innings of the game. Goodman will take the off-day to rest and will be re-evaluated prior to first pitch on Tuesday.

★ ★ ★

Please keep in mind our Purple Row Community Guidelines when you’re commenting. Thanks!

MORE FROM PURPLE ROW
From the Archive: Jenny Cavnar’s TV debut highlights need for more female voices in baseball
Best of Purple Row: Either the numbers are lying or the game is rigged
Best of Purple Row: The Hall of Fame as History
Best of Purple Row: Keeping a Clean Scorecard: A Baseball Beancounter's Bible
Yes, of course Matt Holliday touched home plate in Game 163
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.purplerow.com/2024/9/23/24251853/colorado-rockies-news-monday-the-rockies-have-largely-failed-to-improve-at-base-stealing-in-2024 
 ----- 
