Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'I don’t have any regrets': Nats fan fave Sean Doolittle retires
Share
'I don’t have any regrets': Nats fan fave Sean Doolittle retires
September 23rd, 2023

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share

0:00

1:28

WASHINGTON -- Sean Doolittle has retired from baseball, but his imprint on the Nationals’ organization and Washington, D.C., goes far beyond his announcement on Friday morning.

At a press conference at Nationals Park with family, front office, coaching staff and teammates in attendance, the lefty reliever sat in front of a screen that read “Thank You Dooooooooo” and reflected on his 11 years in the Major Leagues.

“The gratitude outweighs the sadness,” Doolittle, 36, said prior to the Nationals’ 9-6 defeat to the Braves. “I’m kind of at a loss for words because everything just keeps coming back to how appreciative I am of all the opportunities that I’ve had in my career.”

Doolittle retired with a big league record of 26-24 with a 3.20 ERA, 112 saves and 218 games finished in 450 2/3 innings across 463 appearances with the Athletics, Nationals, Reds and Mariners.

Doolittle worked his way back from a left elbow injury on a Minor League deal with the Nats but sustained a partial tear of the patellar tendon in his right knee in late June. He had experienced tendinitis in the same knee for “quite a while,” and he learned “it already was too torn up for the cleanup surgery.” Doolittle worked daily with a mental skills coach and attempted to pitch as deep into the season as he could. 

“When I got the news about my knee, I knew what it meant for me,” said Doolittle, who had a brace on his right leg. “I put everything that I had into the rehab processes over the last two years to try to pitch again here at Nats Park. I did everything I could. And I think that’s why today, for me, this is a happy day -- I don’t have any regrets. I did everything that I could, and I enjoyed it.”

Doolittle’s career began as a 2007 first-round Draft pick by the Athletics as a first baseman. He debuted in 2012 and played six seasons for the A’s before being traded to the Nats in 2017 with Ryan Madson for Jesús Luzardo, Sheldon Neuse and Blake Treinen. At the time, Doolittle was nervous if he would be accepted by Nationals fans the same way he was in Oakland, but he quickly became a fan favorite in D.C. 

“When we traded for Sean in 2017, we knew we were getting a tremendous reliever and an even better human, and his tenure with the Nationals proved that to be correct,” president of baseball operations and general manager Mike Rizzo said. “A World [Series] champion, All-Star and leader in the clubhouse, Sean set an example of what it means to be a pillar of the community. He was as fierce as they come on the mound and took the ball whenever he was called upon.”

Related
Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

3:59 PM UTC

García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Nats' pitching strategist eager to show what he can Doo

January 28th, 2024

Nats hire All-Star and WS champ Doolittle as pitching strategist

January 16th, 2024

Nats reflect on Sean Doolittle's impact after retirement

September 24th, 2023

In his five seasons with the Nationals, Doolittle was a key member of the 2019 World Series team and became a staple in the D.C. community. His baseball accolades during his tenure in Washington included his second All-Star selection in 2018 and an NL-best 55 games finished in ‘19. He allowed just two runs across 10 1/3 innings in the 2019 postseason, including saves in Game 1 of the National League Championship Series and Game 1 of the World Series.

“He took the ball when I needed him,” said manager Dave Martinez. “... He was the guy we counted on to get big outs for us. I can remember a lot of times asking him if he could get five outs, and he would just look at me and say, ‘I’ll get as many outs as you need to win the game.’ He was that guy. He was amazing, he was amazing. The days he didn’t pitch, [he was] cheering for his teammates, helping his teammates, helping the bullpen. He was incredible.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Doolittle pitched for the Reds and Mariners in 2021, before rejoining the Nationals in ‘22. He underwent an internal brace procedure on his left elbow last July, and he signed a Minor League deal with Washington in early November with hopes of returning this year.

“On behalf of my family and the entire Washington Nationals organization, I’d like to congratulate Sean on a fantastic career and thank him for all that he’s done for our city and our franchise,” Nationals managing principal owner Mark D. Lerner said. “An All-Star and a World Series champion, he was not only a fierce competitor but is one of the finest people you’ll ever meet. 

“Sean and his wife, Eireann, are great examples of individuals who have used their platform and place in life to advocate for others, and I have no doubt that their impact will continue long beyond Sean’s playing career. We are so happy that they’ve made Washington, D.C., their home, and we hope to see them around the ballpark frequently.”

For his involvement in the community, Doolittle was named a 2020 Roberto Clemente Award nominee. He also became a Washington, D.C., resident and was named a 2022 Washingtonian of the Year. Doolittle plans to stay in D.C. -- “You’re stuck with us,” he laughed -- while considering his next plans. 

“I might be done playing baseball, but I’m not sure if I’m done with baseball,” Doolittle said. “I have a ton of passion and energy left for baseball. … I get a ton of fulfillment working with other guys and trying to help the young guys the way that guys helped me when I was coming up in the league. … Even though I don’t know exactly what it would look like as far as a specific role, I would love to give back to the game. 

“The game did so much for me.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Sean Doolittle

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/sean-doolittle-retires 
 ----- 
