Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
Why are 49ers players so good at getting YAC? George Kittle reveals the reason

Head coach Kyle Shanahan is strict when it comes to making plays after catching passes.

George Kittle was asked how the San Francisco 49ers are so good at picking up YAC.Amazon Prime Video
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 21/09/2023 - 23:45 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Trent Williams punches New York Giants player, doesn't get ejected
NFL. Patrick Mahomes teases Travis Kelce over State Farm ad poking fun at his name

For the past few seasons, the general consensus about the San Francisco 49ers offense is that it's filled with players who are extremely difficult to bring down on first contact. With the arrival of Christian McCaffrey mid-season in 2022, that's even more so the case now.

Another player who completely embodies that play style is tight end George Kittle, who takes advantage of every opportunity to inflict punishment on opposing defenders, be it after a reception or while blocking.

A point of emphasis for the 49ers

In an interview following the 49ers' Thursday Night Football blowout win over the New York Giants, Kittle revealed that head coach Kyle Shanahan makes the team watch YAC (yards after catch) tape during training camp.

That partly explains why the 49ers' players always seem to create so many more yards after contact than the rest of the NFL. It holds true in statistics, too.

In 2022, five San Francisco players averaged 5.0 or more yards after the catch per reception. They had five players within the top 60 in the entire NFL in terms of YAC per reception. No other team had more than three players.

Deebo Samuel: 8.8 YAC/R, 6th overall
Christian McCaffrey: 8.2 YAC/R, 10th overall
George Kittle: 6.4 YAC/R, 32nd overall
Brandon Aiyuk: 5.0 YAC/R, 56th overall
Jauan Jennings: 5.0 YAC/R, 59th overall
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
LeBron Jame...
Marca

It certainly takes more than watching film to get yards after the catch against NFL defenes. The players themselves have to be strong, fast and agile. The coaches also have to scheme up plays where they can get receptions in space or in-stride. The quarterbacks have to get them the ball on time as well.

But it's clear that YAC is a huge point of emphasis for the 49ers coaches. And it continues to pay dividends.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
George Kittle - English
Deebo Samuel - English
Christian McCaffrey - English
San Francisco 49ersChristian McCaffrey ties Jerry Rice's record in 49ers history on TNF
San Francisco 49ers49ers extend HC Kyle Shanahan and GM John Lynch despite Trey Lance debacle
San Francisco 49ersGeorge Kittle's helmet: Why is it different from what other NFL players wear?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Mike Tyson gives his approval to a...
Marca
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actuall...
Grammarly
年末購車好時機 GLA 進化版迎星啟程
Mercedes-Benz
愛車保障首選-車體損失險
新安東京海上產險
2024最熱門網頁遊戲，首款繼承沉浸式H5網頁遊戲
《仙途大世界》
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/22/650d1bbfca4741174b8b45ca.html 
 ----- 
