Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Dallas Cowboys
Cowboys' injury woes continue: Tyler Biadasz hamstring woes as Zack Martin sidelined

Will the Dallas Cowboys be able to maintain their great momentum as the squad falls apart?

The Dallas Cowboys are becoming a hospital with all their injuriesMARCALAPRESSE
LW
21/09/2023 - 17:39 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Dallas Cowboys. Sound the alarms in Dallas: Trevon Diggs will miss the rest of the 2023 season
Dallas Cowboys. Micah Parsons is practicing a new position: 'I want to touch the ball in the NFL'

In a challenging day for the Dallas Cowboys, injuries continue to take their toll on the team. After the devastating news of Pro Bowl cornerback Trevon Diggs tearing his ACL during Thursday's practice, another key player, center Tyler Biadasz, has been added to the list of injuries.

Biadasz's hamstring injury raised concerns during practice, leading to his limited participation before being sent for medical evaluation. The Cowboys now face uncertainty at the center position, with practice squad offensive lineman Brock Hoffman stepping in as the backup.

Zack Martin's absence persists amid injury woes

The Cowboys' injury struggles aren't limited to Biadasz, as right guard Zack Martin remains sidelined due to an ankle injury. While Martin managed to play through a groin injury last week, he has yet to return to practice. His absence poses a significant challenge for the offensive line.

Despite the injury setbacks, there is some positive news for the Cowboys. Wide receiver Brandin Cooks, who was dealing with a strained MCL, and left guard Tyler Smith, nursing a hamstring issue, have both returned as full participants in practice. This development suggests that both players are on track for a comeback.

Cooks missed the Week 2 victory over the Jets, while Smith has yet to make an appearance this season. Their potential return provides a boost to the Cowboys' offensive lineup.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

Chuma Edoga, who stepped in for Smith in the past two games, also had a full practice session after being limited on Wednesday due to an elbow injury. His availability ensures depth along the offensive line.

Safety updates

Safety Jayron Kearse remained absent from Thursday's practice due to illness. On the other hand, safety Donovan Wilson, recovering from a calf injury, continued his full practice routine, indicating his readiness to make his 2023 season debut.

Dallas Cowboys - English
Trevon Diggs - English
Dallas CowboysTrevon Diggs ACL tear ruins his birthday plans and misses out on epic Beyonce concert
New England PatriotsEzekiel Elliott's new chapter: His anticipated return to Dallas as a Patriot
UFCIsrael Adesanya faces the consequences of drunk driving: A champion's misstep
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以 下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/dallas-cowboys/2023/09/22/650cbaefca47413a288b457f.html 
 ----- 
