Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
ANGELS
Angels’ Luis Rengifo will finish season on injured list with torn biceps
Luis Rengifo bats for the Angels during a game against the Philadelphia Phillies on Aug. 30. (Matt Slocum / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 9, 2023 Updated 9:15 PM PT
Share

Luis Rengifo was finally in a good place at the plate. The Angels utility player, their best hitter over the last few weeks, had been one of few recent bright spots for the team.

On Thursday, as he was in the on-deck circle for his first at-bat against the Cleveland Guardians, he ruptured his left biceps tendon. On Saturday, after seeking a second opinion, he was put on the injured list, ending his season.

“A little frustrated,” said Rengifo, who was wearing a black compression sleeve on his left arm, while at his locker before Saturday’s game. “I want to be there and just play, but, happens.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Rengifo expects to be ready by spring training. He said the plan is to focus on healing, then rehab and potentially start his normal offseason routine by late December.

ANGELS

Shohei Ohtani is the rarest of players. Missing games is even more rare for the two-way star
Sept. 8, 2023

Manager Phil Nevin said he’s confident Rengifo will recover.

“He’s so important to this dugout, just his energy and what he brings and not just on the field,” Nevin said. “The good news, the timetable of it, he should be ready for spring training next year or right there close. It’s a pretty significant injury, as you know, and the rehab process is pretty grueling.

“But if anybody handles this and tackles this head on, it’s a guy like Luis, who obviously keeps his body in incredible shape.”

ADVERTISEMENT

ANGELS

For Lucas Giolito, Reynaldo López and Matt Moore, a surreal weekend in Anaheim

A week ago, the Angels put six players on waivers, three of whom got picked up by the Guardians. Those three players are back in Anaheim this weekend.

Sept. 9, 2023

Rengifo had been on a 14-game hitting streak, earning his first American League player of the week accolade. He showed a lot of improvement at the plate over the last two months — he was hitting .202 at the end of June before improving to .264 with a career-best on-base-plus-slugging rate of .783.

“The last two months of the season I’ve been more consistent,” Rengifo said. “You make adjustments … and you actually do your best every single time when you [go to bat]. You’re learning every single day and that’s the point.”

Rengifo said that he is proud of his adjustments. “One-hundred percent, yeah. The first half, I felt a little off, but I found my rhythm,” he said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Angels recalled right-handed pitcher Gerardo Reyes. On Friday, the Angels recalled outfielder Jordyn Adams, optioning right-handed pitcher Davis Daniel.

“I’m hurt,” Nevin said of Rengifo’s injury. “I’m upset for him. I’m gonna miss him being out there, for one, but you [also] miss his personality. But I know he’s gonna tackle the rehab head on and he’ll be good.”

Angels defeat Guardians

The Angels broke out the big bats in a 6-2 win over the Guardians at Angel Stadium on Saturday.

All of the Angels’ runs came off home runs. Rookie catcher Logan O’Hoppe started things with his second two-run home run in as many games. Matt Thaiss and Randal Grichuk also homered, as did Brett Phillips, who hit his first homer of the year.

“Something clicked in the first homer yesterday and then just trying to build off that now,” O’Hoppe said.

Three of the homers came off former Angels pitcher Lucas Giolito, who was making his second start with the Guardians.

Tyler Anderson was efficient in his best start of the season. He gave up two earned runs, four hits, walked one and struck out four over eight innings — his longest start since taking a no-hitter into the ninth for the Dodgers against the Angels in June 2022.

Carlos Estévez pitched a scoreless ninth.

More to Read
Angels shut down rehab for Mike Trout, put Anthony Rendon on IL
July 30, 2024
Angels score five in second inning, but can’t hold off Oakland Athletics
July 25, 2024
Mike Trout returns home for evaluation; Angels sweep Mariners
July 24, 2024
ANGELS
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Rents likely to balloon in wake of L.A. wildfires, experts say
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-09/luis-rengifo-angels-guardians-injured-list 
 ----- 
