Skip to content
Watch
Register
Sign In
ADVERTISEMENT
Week in pictures: 1 -7 June 2024
8 June 2024
Share
Save

A selection of striking news photographs taken around the world this week.

ADVERTISEMENT
Adnan Abidi/Reuters
Supporters throw petals on Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he arrives at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) headquarters in New Delhi. Mr Modi has claimed an historic third consecutive victory in the country's parliamentary elections.
Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
On the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings, veterans are applauded by the crowd in Arromanches-les-Bains, France. On 6 June 1944, tens of thousands of soldiers landed on five beaches in Normandy. The largest amphibious invasion in the history of warfare played a crucial role in the defeat of Nazi Germany, and the liberation of Europe.
SpaceX/Handout via Reuters
SpaceX's Starship completed its fourth test flight from the company's Texas launchpad. It is designed to eventually send astronauts to the Moon and beyond.
Shahzaib/EPA-EFE
A health worker administers polio vaccine drops to a child during a door-to-door vaccination campaign, in Karachi, Pakistan. Afghanistan and Pakistan are the only two nations where poliovirus is still endemic.
Hasnoor Hussain/Reuters
Conservationists inspect a turtle after it laid eggs on the shore of the South China Sea at Redang Island, Malaysia.
Boniface Muthoni/Getty Images
On World Environment Day, a mother and her son plant a tree along the banks of Mathare river in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, near the site of homes recently destroyed by flooding.
Nick Potts/PA Media
Real Madrid's Vinicius Junior celebrates with fans after his team won the UEFA Champions League final at Wembley Stadium, beating Borussia Dortmund 2-0.
Carla Carniel/Reuters
A drag queen marches along Paulista Avenue to celebrate LGBTQ+ rights during the annual Pride parade, in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Yoan Valat/EPA-EFE
Aryna Sabalenka of Belarus in action during her loss to Russia's Mirra Andreeva, in their quarter-final match at the French Open tennis tournament in Paris.
Dylan Martinez/Reuters
Opera fans attempt to light candles as they enjoy a picnic, during the interval for Bizet's Carmen on the opening night of the Glyndebourne Opera Festival.
Photography
Related
Canadian YouTuber's love letter to Welsh slate town
9 hrs ago
UK
Your pictures of Scotland: 20-27 December
22 hrs ago
Scotland
Dorset's Big Picture: Saturday's image of the county
24 hrs ago
Dorset
Watch
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Arts
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Audio
Weather
BBC Shop
BBC in other languages
Follow BBC on:
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Contact the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info
Contact technical support

Copyright 2024 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/ckkk4xd6gy9o 
 ----- 
