Wednesday 1st
January 2025
Updated: 6:53
Go to...
News
Sport
Business
Entertainment
Politics
Opinions
Lifestyle
Tech
Travel
17.10.2022
8:52
by Staff Reporter

Have your say:

Jump to comments

Zimbabwe vs Ireland, 4th Match, Group B
Follow Zimbabwe vs Ireland, 4th Match, Group B, Oct 17, ICC Mens T20 WC 2022 with live Cricket score, ball by ball 

ICC Women’s World Cup Qualifier, Mercantile Cricket Ground, Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Day 1: Ireland v Zimbabwe.
Pic shows: Zimbabwe’s Precious Marange is congratulated by her teammates after taking the wicket of Irish opener, Cecelia Joyce, for 26

Toss delayed
Commentary

Surya: “Wow! What a start to the tournament. Two Associate nations blow away two reputed sides. Can not think of a better start to the World Cup other than this.”

19:15 Local Time, 08:15 GMT, 13:45 IST: Scotland have beaten West Indies by 42 runs! Wow. Outstanding performance against the two-time champions. We saw Namibia come out on top against the 2014 champions yesterday. Now, let’s shift our focus to this encounter. The flip of the coin should take place shortly…

18:45 Local Time, 07:45 GMT, 13:15 IST: According to ICC Men’s T20 WC 2022 Playing Conditions (13.7.3.2) – “In circumstances where back-to-back matches are played at the same venue, there shall be a minimum 30-minute break between matches.”

18:15 Local Time, 07:15 GMT, 12:45 IST: This toss, supposed to take place at 18:30, will not go on as per schedule as the first game (West Indies vs Scotland) got delayed due to rain. 13 overs remain in that match and it’s gone slightly murky as well in Hobart. Fingers crossed for an uninterrupted game. We’ll keep you updated…

For Ireland, the chilly conditions on offer here in Hobart shouldn’t be too alien. They haven’t tasted too much success in the competition as they’ve failed to get past the first round in their last five outings. After qualifying for this WC, Ireland competed against the big boys of cricket. They hosted India, New Zealand and South Africa and although they ended up losing all the seven matches, they would have gained massive experience. They did win a 5-match series against Afghanistan in August and you can’t write them off. Ireland also have a good head-to-head record against Zimbabwe winning 5 of their 8 encounters. What’s in store today? Let’s hope we are treated to a crackerjack of a contest…

18:00 Local Time, 07:00 GMT, 12:30 IST: Hello everyone and a warm welcome to today’s second match. It’s another Group B encounter at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart. Zimbabwe couldn’t even make it to the previous edition of the T20 WC as they were suspended. They’d won just two out of their eight T20Is at the start of this year with back-to-back series losses against Namibia and Afghanistan. But they’ve been on the rise post that. The qualifiers were held at their own backyard and they remained unbeaten to make it to this tournament. They’ve now won seven of their last eight matches in the shortest format. All of these, however, were in Zimbabwe. The conditions here will be totally different. But their confidence will be sky-high as they registered their first-ever win against Australia in Australia just over a month ago in an ODI. Sikandar Raza is in the form of his life and the Zimbabweans would hope that the all-rounder continues to shine.

Preview by Ganesh Chandrasekaran

The first games under lights at Hobart in the first round of the 2022 World Cup could well be a test of the players’ efficacy in battling the weather conditions, even more than the day game, as much as each other. With temperatures dropping to single digits in the night, the cold and windy ground could well see the fast bowlers enjoying some assistance over the course of the game. The game will be the second one of the day, so a used pitch could add to the challenges for the batters.

For Ireland, who come into the tournament, having played 22 T20I since the last World Cup, the conditions on offer might not be too alien and could possibly have an advantage. However, Zimbabwe who have undergone a revamp under a new coach in Dave Houghton are set to give them a run for their money. They come into the tournament in a rich vein of form in the white-ball game, having won a T20I and ODI series against Bangladesh at home, and beating Australia in an ODI last month.

When: Monday, October 17, 2022 at 07:00 PM LOCAL, 1:30 PM IST

Where: Bellerive Oval, Hobart

Squads:

Ireland Squad: Paul Stirling, Andrew Balbirnie(c), Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Gareth Delany, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little, Stephen Doheny, Simi Singh, Conor Olphert, Graham Hume, Fionn Hand

Zimbabwe Squad: Regis Chakabva(w), Craig Ervine(c), Wesley Madhevere, Sikandar Raza, Sean Williams, Milton Shumba, Ryan Burl, Luke Jongwe, Brad Evans, Tendai Chatara, Blessing Muzarabani, Wellington Masakadza, Richard Ngarava, Tony Munyonga, Clive Madande

Post published in: Cricket
Related
7 Armed Robbers Steal Gold Carbon Worth US$22 400 From Filabusi Mine
Government Suspends Customs Duty On Vehicle Kits For Five Years
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Understands Your...
Grammarly
Teennagel schimmel ? Probeert u deze truc vanavond uit!...
fungulux.nl
Artrose en gewricht spijn? Doe dit en zie wat er gebeurt
OplossingArticulatie
Deze best presteren de termijndeposito's verdienen uw aand...
Online Termijn Deposito's | Zoek Advertenties
Leave a Reply

Interested in advertising?

Advertise with us

Branded Content

Partner with us now

The Zimbabwean
Wednesday 1st January 2025
Update: 6:53
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Contact Us
About Us
Subscriptions
News
Sport
Business
Entertainment
Politics
Opinions
Lifestyle
Technology
Travel
Human Rights
© The Zimbabwean 2005 - 2025
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
The Zimbabwean asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options

Ad 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thezimbabwean.co/2022/10/zimbabwe-vs-ireland-4th-match-group-b/ 
 ----- 
