 MENU
My Picks
Philadelphia Phillies vs New York Mets Prediction MLB Picks 10/9/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Shane Mickle  October 8, 2024 9:54 pm
New York Mets (92-75) vs Philadelphia Phillies (96-68)
Game Info: Wednesday, October 9, 2024 at 5:08 pm (Citi Field)
Jose Quintana (10-10) (3.62) vs Ranger Suarez (12-8) (3.58)
Betting Odds: New York Mets / Philadelphia Phillies --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds

In this article, we will formulate a Philadelphia Phillies vs. New York Mets Prediction for this MLB game on Wednesday, October 9th, at Citi Field. To formulate this prediction, we will examine:

-The Phillies' recent form and recent player performance 

-The Mets' recent form and recent player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

-Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Philadelphia

-Recent Betting trends and streaks involving New York

-Recent betting trends in games played between Philadelphia vs New York

-A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between the Phillies and Mets

Mets in Total Control 

The Mets sit with a 2-1 record in this series and now they have complete control. One more win and they'll take on the Padres or Dodgers in the NLCS. On Tuesday the Mets jumped out to a 2-0 lead after four innings and they never looked back. The pitching did give up two runs in the bottom of the 8th the bullpen did give up two runs, but that was the only two runs they gave up. Pete Alonso hit a home run to start off the scoring in the 2nd inning and they never looked back on the way to the win. Sean Manaea got the start and he went seven innings giving up three hits and one run. 

Getting the start for the Mets in this game will be Jose Quintana who sis with a 10-10 record and an ERA of 3.75. In his last start against the Milwaukee Brewers, he went six innings giving up four hits and zero runs. 

Why the Mets Will Beat the Phillies
The Phillies have lost four of their last five games as road favorites against National League opponents.
The Mets have won seven of their last eight games at Citi Field.
The Mets have covered the run line in seven of their last eight games at Citi Field against teams that held a winning record.
The Phillies have failed to cover the run line in seven of their last eight games at Citi Field against National League opponents that held a winning record.
Backs Against the Wall for the Phillies

The Phillies have their backs against the wall after losing the last two games. The Phillies won two games ago by a run-scoring seven runs, but it wasn’t enough in the last game. The offense only scored two runs and that led to the defeat. Aaron Nola went five innings giving up five hits and four runs. He had eight strikeouts but also two walks. Nick Castellanos finished with a hit and drove in a run. Jose Alvado wasn’t great either and he went 0.2 innings giving up one hit, two walks, and two earned runs. 

Getting the start for the Phillies will be Ranger Suarez who finished the regular season with a 12-88 record and an ERA of 3.46. His last start came on September 27th against the Washington Nationals and he went two innings giving up seven hits and six runs. 

Philadelphia Phillies vs New York Mets Prediction

The Mets are going to have no issue getting the job done here. They have a ton of confidence heading into this game, and they are going to have no issue running up the score here. Ranger Suarez, in his last start, gave up six runs, and he's going to really struggle here. Look for the Phillies bats to struggle Quintaana, and the Mets are going to get the job done here. Back the Mets on the money line to cash here. 

Shane’s Pick
Mets ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: SHANE MICKLE
To Be Continued...

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-10-09/philadelphia-phillies-vs-new-york-mets-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
