Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Even with up to 24 cameras, MLB didn’t have clear enough angle to reverse Chisholm steal
New York Yankees’ Jazz Chisholm Jr. (13) slides safely into second base ahead of the tag from Kansas City Royals second baseman Michael Massey during the seventh inning of Game 1 of the American League baseball division series, Saturday, Oct. 5, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
By RONALD BLUM | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: October 6, 2024 at 2:31 PM EST

NEW YORK — Even with up to 24 video cameras, Major League Baseball didn’t have a precise picture showing whether Michael Massey’s glove slapped Jazz Chisholm Jr.’s left foot before it touched the corner of second base.

Lance Barrett’s initial safe call stood awarding the stolen base, and Alex Verdugo followed with a run-scoring single that gave the New York Yankees the lead for good in a 6-5 win over the Kansas City Royals in their AL Division Series opener on Saturday night.

“They just said there was nothing clear and convincing to overturn it, and if he had been called out, that call would have stood, too,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said Sunday.

In the first postseason game with five lead changes, the score was 5-5 when Chisholm singled against Michael Lorenzen leading off the seventh. Chisholm took off for second as Anthony Volpe struck out and when Chisholm slid into second, his left foot hit the dirt inches short of the base, causing him to pop up.

Second baseman Michael Massey jumped to snag catcher Salvador Perez’s high throw and swiped down with his glove as Chisholm approached the base. The glove hit the front left side of Chisholm’s cleats as the back left of the shoe reached the base.

After consulting on the phone with Royals instant replay coordinator Bill Duplissea, who was in a room filled with monitors off the stadium tunnel, Quatraro signaled for a video review.

Chris Conroy, the umpire in the Rockefeller Center replay operations center, spent about two minutes checking an array of video in rectangles on a large screen inches in front of him. Informed of Conroy’s decision, Barrett announced to the Yankee Stadium crowd: “After review, the call on the field stands. The runner is safe.”

Watching from the Royals dugout, arms folded, Quatraro shook his head.

“After viewing all relevant angles, the replay official could not definitively determine that the fielder tagged the runner prior to the runner touching second base,” MLB said in a statement. “Additionally, the replay official could not definitively determine that the runner failed to maintain contact with the base as the fielder was applying the tag.”

MLB’s replay regulations state the umpire in the control room has three options: confirm, change or “let stand the call on the field due to the lack of clear and convincing evidence to change it.”

“It’s kind of like a court system, right? You have to — clear and convincing and what does that mean?” Quatraro said. “Clearly we’re saying that there was evidence to overturn it. But we’re talking about a fraction of an inch at high speed and all that. I understand how difficult that is on everybody involved.”

Massey watched the slo-mo on the center field screen and maintained “you could see the daylight between his heel and the corner of the bag.”

“He was like, ‘I think I put down a good tag,’” Chisholm recalled after the game. “I said, ‘You did put down a good tag, but that doesn’t mean I’m out.’ It was a lot of fun going back and forth, but I knew I had it.”

Massey reviewed the replays after the final out.

“It’s frustrating because the video I saw looked pretty convincing to me,” Massey said. “In my opinion that’s one of those things if that’s something that’s not going to be overturned, then I don’t really know what’s clear and convincing and I’m not really sure the whole point of the system if a call like that is not (overturned). We tagged him. We could see clear contact. We could see the daylight between his foot and the base.”

But to Conroy it wasn’t clear enough to change the call.

“There is a little bit of dirt that gets in the way,” Massey said. “We are playing an imperfect game. It’s outdoors, there is wind, there is rain, there is dirt.”

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
The Bra Designed by The 70-year-old Grandma Are Taking Las Vegas by Storm!
Libiyi
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Las Vegas Home
Ribili
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Nevada
Rechol
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
A Man Has Found a Way to Grow Hair! This is Not a Joke
BioGrow
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
20 Rare & Forgotten Super Cars of the Past
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Mind-bending Answer!
Tardive
Hidden Dangers of Psoriatic Arthritis - Don't Wait Until It's Too Late!
Psoriatic Arthritis
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Myelodysplastic Syndrome: Many People Ignore This Warning - See Here!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Restore Your Eyes to 20/20 Vision (Naturally)
Health News | Vision
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Dermatologist Begs: "Do This for Hair Loss Instead of Transplant"
WG Hair Restore
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods to Eat in the Evening
HEALTH NATURAL
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Gum Disease or Tooth Decay? Try This First (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Dental
15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods to Avoid in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Oil Changes Prices for Seniors: You Will Be Surprised (See Now)
Oil Change I Search Ads
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
2024
October
6
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/10/06/even-with-up-to-24-cameras-mlb-didnt-have-clear-enough-angle-to-reverse-chisholm-steal/ 
 ----- 
