Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
MLB
New closer Luke Weaver locks down Yankees’ win — with big assist from Clay Holmes
By Dan Martin
Published Oct. 6, 2024, 6:13 a.m. ET
8

At the trade deadline, it seemed apparent the Yankees needed a closer, with Clay Holmes struggling in the role for over a month.

Instead, general manager Brian Cashman went out and acquired Mark Leiter Jr. and Enyel De Los Santos, with Cashman saying he wanted to give Aaron Boone “as many choices to navigate late-game action [as possible]. I’m not viewing Clay as a problem.”

Who knew the closer the Yankees needed was already in their clubhouse?

Luke Weaver delivers a pitch during the Yankees’ 6-5 win over the Royals in Game 1 of the ALDS on Oct. 5, 2024.
Getty Images

Holmes has since been replaced by Luke Weaver at the end of games and the duo came up huge in Saturday’s 6-5 win in Game 1 of the ALDS over Kansas City in The Bronx, as Holmes got five outs in the middle innings before Weaver closed it with a four-out save.

For Holmes, it was his latest example of playoff success, as he hasn’t allowed a run in 9 ²/₃ postseason innings, while Weaver’s excellent work came in his first playoff appearance.

Holmes came away impressed with his replacement, especially with Weaver doing it over the course of two innings.

“It’s not easy, those last three outs,’’ Holmes said. “To come in [to the dugout] and cool down and go back out is hard. What he’s doing has been a huge boost for the team.”

On Saturday, Holmes provided a similar boost.

Gerrit Cole got knocked around for five-plus innings and was replaced by Tim Hill before Anthony Volpe’s throwing error put runners on second and third with one out.

Luke Weaver hugs Austin Wells after picking up the save in the Yankees’ Game 1 win.
Getty Images

Hill gave up a two-run single to pinch hitter Garrett Hampson and Holmes entered and got Maikel Garcia to line out to center.

Michael Massey reached on an infield single, but Holmes got Bobby Witt Jr. to ground to third to end the sixth with the Yankees down a run.

The Yankees tied the game on an Austin Wells RBI single in the bottom of the inning and Holmes was left in to start the seventh.

Despite dangerous left-handed slugger Vinnie Pasquantino leading off, Holmes got him to fly to left.

Salvador Perez grounded out and Yuli Gurriel popped out for Holmes’ fifth and final out of the game.

Holmes’ performance helped allow the Yankees to take the lead for good in the seventh on Alex Verdugo’s run-scoring base hit.

Weaver got the final out of the eighth and then retired the top of the Kansas City lineup — including Witt — in order to finish off the win.

“He was excellent,’’ Boone said of Weaver. “Especially his first time in the playoffs and going through the top of that order right there after finishing off the eighth inning is no easy task, and he was up to it.”

8

What do you think? Post a comment.

They’re part of a bullpen that pitched well down the stretch and figures to be tested this postseason, especially with Cole unable to get an out in the sixth inning in the opener.

FILED UNDER CLAY HOLMES  KANSAS CITY ROYALS  LUKE WEAVER  MLB PLAYOFFS  NEW YORK YANKEES  10/6/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Jennifer Tilly's Eye-Popping Throwback Pic Breaks The Internet
Bravotv.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Paige DeSorbo Has No Time Or Patience For A Scandalous Rumor
Bravotv.com
Jamie Lee Curtis' Emotional Response On-Air Over LA Wildfires
Decider.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/06/sports/new-closer-luke-weaver-locks-down-yankees-win/ 
 ----- 
