News Forums Blogs Videos
Twins Daily News
Twins News & Analysis
 A Familiar Fight: The Twins and Tigers Face Off Again in a Playoff Race

By Matthew Taylor

September 18, 2024

The Minnesota Twins and Detroit Tigers are battling for the final Wild Card spot, separated by just 1.5 games with less than a fortnight to go. As Detroit surges and Minnesota falters, this race feels eerily similar to their 2009 AL Central showdown—though this time, the roles are reversed. Could history repeat itself?

Image courtesy of © Leon Halip-Imagn Images
Twins Video
Twins Expected to Sign #43 International Prospect Haritzon Castillo
0 seconds of 49 secondsVolume 0%
 

Just a month ago, it seemed like the Twins had a playoff spot locked up, and the Detroit Tigers weren't even on Minnesota fans' collective radar. On Aug. 16, the Twins sat comfortably at 69-53, holding a 10.5-game lead over the Tigers, who had just a 0.8% chance of making the playoffs, according to FanGraphs.

But baseball, as it often does, had other ideas. Since then, the Tigers have surged with a 19-9 run, while the Twins have stumbled through a rough 10-18 stretch. That’s brought these teams much closer, and this two-team race has become much more fierce than anyone expected.

This battle for a postseason berth feels awfully familiar to Twins fans. In fact, it’s impossible not to compare it to the unforgettable 2009 AL Central race between these very same teams—though this time, the roles are reversed.

Fifteen years ago, it was the Tigers sitting comfortably in the driver’s seat, leading the AL Central for nearly the entire season. They were the favorites, much like the Twins appeared to be a month ago in 2024. Meanwhile, the scrappy, never-say-die Twins, led by the piranha style of play, hovered around .500, doing everything they could to stay in the race. Although Detroit's lead never reached the 10.5-game cushion Minnesota held in August of this year, their grip on the division seemed just as secure.

On Sept. 8, 2009, Detroit held a 6.5-game lead over Minnesota with just 24 games left to play. For Tigers fans, the postseason seemed inevitable. But just like the recent reversal of fortunes in 2024, both teams took off in opposite directions down the stretch. The Twins went on a tear, winning 17 of their final 24 games, while Detroit stumbled to an 11-14 finish.

This collapse set the stage for one of the most memorable moments in Twins history—Game 163. The dramatic tiebreaker, filled with tension and clutch moments, culminated in the Twins walking off the Tigers in 12 innings, clinching the AL Central crown in what felt like a destined comeback. Obviously, that was one of the things in this world too good to last. Baseball has done away with those tiebreaker contests, taking a little bit of the potential thrill out of this version of the race.

Fast-forward to 2024, though, and it’s the Tigers playing the role of scrappy underdogs clawing their way back into the race, while the Twins are the team on the verge of a collapse. It’s a strange twist, especially for long-time Twins fans who remember the pain Detroit endured in 2009. Now, the tables have turned. The Twins, who once looked like a sure bet for the postseason, are desperately trying to hold on, while Detroit is playing with house money.

It’s a dynamic that makes this final stretch fascinating. Can the Twins rediscover their early-season form and fend off Detroit’s late charge? Will the Tigers complete the comeback, as the Twins did to them in 2009? The tension is palpable, and the memories of Game 163 loom large as we wonder whether these two teams are headed for another dramatic finish.

While the stakes are different—this isn’t a division title on the line, but rather a Wild Card spot—the drama is just as intense. The 2009 race ended in unforgettable fashion for Twins fans, with jubilation in the Metrodome. In 2024, Twins Territory will be hoping they don’t find themselves on the other side of history, watching the Tigers sneak into the playoffs at their expense.

This rivalry, once again, has delivered in a way only baseball can. And while we don’t know how the story will end this time, the 2024 season has already drawn striking parallels to that fateful year. Let’s hope, for the sake of Twins fans, that history doesn’t fully repeat itself.

Matthew Taylor has been a writer with Twins Daily since 2020. If you can't find him at Target Field you'll most likely find him at the movie theater.
Follow Matthew Taylor on Twitter: MatthewTaylorMN

Think you could write a story like this? Twins Daily wants you to develop your voice and find an audience. We recruit our paid front page writers from our users blogs section. Start a blog today!

MORE FROM TWINS DAILY
— Latest Twins coverage from our writers
— Recent Twins discussion in our forums
— Follow Twins Daily via Twitter, Facebook or email
— Become a Twins Daily Caretaker

  Share
Followers
0
detroit tigers
Go to articles
Community Blogs
• The Twins’ New Owner’s First Act Should Be To Fire Jeremy Zoll
• Roki Sasaki
Forum Topics
• 5 Minnesota Twins Prospect Storylines to Follow in 2025
• Twins 2025 Arbitration Deals (or exchanged numbers)
	
The Players Project
Jaime García
It seems like the Twins are always looking for starting pitching at the deadline and in 2017 they got it with the acquisition of Jaime García from the Braves. On July 24th, a week prior to the deadline, García and catcher Anthony Recker were sent to ...
View The Players Project
Minnesota Twins 2024 MLB Draft Primer, Dates, Bonus Pools
View All Twins Guides
Counting Down the Best International Prospect Additions in Recent Twins History

By Jamie Cameron
22 hours ago

Sale of the Minnesota Twins Franchise Reportedly Trending Toward Completion

By Nick Nelson
1 hour ago



9 Comments
Blyleven2011  3,436
Verified Member

Posted September 18, 2024

It's interesting  to say the least  , detroit is creeping up , twins are slipping , royals have suffered some hardship too ,,, 

Detroit is in the race , no doubt about it , ( its anybodies for the taking ) red Sox  are fading , Seattle still has a slim chance ...

It's between Royals,  twins and Detroit and anyone of them  can take the second wild card ...

Twins got to get the bats hot and bullpen  will have to be good as well  ...

And yes I remember  the 163 game against Detroit  , the piranhas lived  ...

Doctor Wu and Doctor Gast
 2
jkcarew  6,758
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

If we call the Tigers 11-14 record over their final 25 games in 2009 a collapse….

what do we call the Twins record of 9-16 in their last 25 games?

Peter  809
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

Everyone says twins won’t make playoffs what about the royals. They are on bubble as well and they might not make it. Twins/tigers in playoffs? Enough of the fire Rocco/ownership doesn’t care crap!!! You’re not true fans!!! Go find another team and go to their chat room and cheer for them!!! I have my heart and soul into the twins-watch every game no matter what!!! Forget about having a girlfriend/going out with friends-twins are way more important!!! Forget about Vikings/wild/twolves/MNUFC until twins season is done!!! Support our twins no matter what win or lose!!!! They need more than ever!!!! Go Twins!!!

Doctor Gast
 1
Doctor Gast  8,209
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

DET never thought about being buyers at this deadline their focus was on the future, They decided to sell off nice pieces that benefitted other teams. Those pieces could have benefitted their surprise push towards the end of the season. Pundits wanted them to sell off Skubal, but their young core has progressed much faster than anyone had thought mid-way. DET will be a force to be reckoned with next season.

Peter and Daniel Anderson
 2
Peter  809
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

  
On 9/19/2024 at 12:53 PM, Doctor Gast said:

DET never thought about being buyers at this deadline their focus was on the future, They decided to sell off nice pieces that benefitted other teams. Those pieces could have benefitted their surprise push towards the end of the season. Pundits wanted them to sell off Skubal, but their young core has progressed much faster than anyone had thought mid-way. DET will be a force to be reckoned with next season.

I agree with Detroit next year as they and twins will be in season long battle for division titles-Cleveland/KC will regress next year. 

Doctor Gast
 1
Doctor Gast  8,209
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

  
On 9/19/2024 at 11:21 AM, Peter said:

Everyone says twins won’t make playoffs what about the royals. They are on bubble as well and they might not make it. Twins/tigers in playoffs? Enough of the fire Rocco/ownership doesn’t care crap!!! You’re not true fans!!! Go find another team and go to their chat room and cheer for them!!! I have my heart and soul into the twins-watch every game no matter what!!! Forget about having a girlfriend/going out with friends-twins are way more important!!! Forget about Vikings/wild/twolves/MNUFC until twins season is done!!! Support our twins no matter what win or lose!!!! They need more than ever!!!! Go Twins!!!

Expand  

Love your enthusiasm & dedication, Peter. Twins have always been my priority even over the Vikings.

Peter
 1
Doctor Gast  8,209
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

  
On 9/19/2024 at 1:13 PM, Peter said:

I agree with Detroit next year as they and twins will be in season long battle for division titles-Cleveland/KC will regress next year. 

AL Central Division has been pretty tough this season. IMO it's the development of the young core among the ranks. I see the Central might be even tougher next season. I wouldn't write off CLE or KC either. CLE don't have a lot of superstars but they work together well & when their famous rotation returns to form look out. KC will be tough as long as Bobby Witt & Pasquantino are healthy. If Witt goes down for any amount of time they're cooked.

LambchoP  1,258
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

The playoffs are all about who gets hot at the right time. Tigers are surging and putting together a last minute push. Meanwhile the twins are completely falling apart. I'm sure it would help if Rocco would actually play our best players everyday, maybe put together the same lineup and defensive alignment every now and then. Baseball is about consistency and when our guys don't even know if they'll be playing day to day, or where they'll be playing or hitting in the lineup, it's got to be hard to get on a routine. Unless some changes are made with the coaching staff and the pitching staff, next year might be a long losing season....

 

bean5302  6,701
Verified Member

Posted September 19, 2024

  
On 9/19/2024 at 1:31 PM, Doctor Gast said:

AL Central Division has been pretty tough this season. IMO it's the development of the young core among the ranks. I see the Central might be even tougher next season. I wouldn't write off CLE or KC either. CLE don't have a lot of superstars but they work together well & when their famous rotation returns to form look out. KC will be tough as long as Bobby Witt & Pasquantino are healthy. If Witt goes down for any amount of time they're cooked.

The Royals are going to be very tough for the next 2-3 years at least. That owner will reinvest into the franchise when their window is open, especially when he's looking to get a new stadium built right now.
Perez $22MM
Lugo $15MM
Witt, Jr. $7.7MM
Renfroe $7.5MM
Stratton $4.5MM
$55MM on the books for next year aside from Arb and pre-arb guys.

I expect the Royals to stretch payroll to at least $130-140MM. They're going to be able to get whomever they want in free agency.

In regard to why people aren't talking about the Royals?
As of 7/31 = .550, WC3, Playoff Odds 58.9%
As of 8/15 = .545, WC3, Playoff Odds 56.8%
As of 8/31 = .547, WC2, Playoff Odds 80.2%
As of 9/18 = .536, WC2, Playoff Odds 89.3%

Twins
As of 7/31 = .551, WC2, Playoff Odds 80.7%
As of 8/15 = .562, WC2, Playoff Odds 90.7%
As of 8/31 = .541, WC3, Playoff Odds 86.8%
As of 9/18 = .526, WC3, Playoff Odds 72.2%

The Twins are trending down while the Royals are trending up because they played much better during a rough schedule. The Royals since 7/31 have played against:
Tigers, Red Sox, Cardinals, Twins, Reds, Dodgers, Phillies, Guardians, Twins, Yankees, Pirates, Tigers. That's 10 of 12 series' against teams which are currently .500 or better.




Create an account or sign in to comment

You need to be a member in order to leave a comment

Create an account

Sign up for a new account in our community. It's easy!

Register a new account
Sign in

Already have an account? Sign in here.

Sign In Now


 Privacy Policy Contact Us Cookies

Copyright © 2024 DiamondCentric
Powered by Invision Community

×
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
A RAPTIVE PARTNER SITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://twinsdaily.com/news-rumors/minnesota-twins/a-familiar-fight-the-twins-and-tigers-face-off-again-in-a-playoff-race-r17061/ 
 ----- 
