Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Golden State Warriors
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
SHOP
CHASE CENTER
MY WARRIORS ACCOUNT
...
Stephen Curry Fourth Quarter Takeover Leads Warriors to NBA Cup Victory Over Mavericks
Kalyb Champion
November 12, 20249:42 PM PST

Stephen Curry scored the final 12 points for the Warriors to will them to a 120-117 victory over Klay Thompson and the Dallas Mavericks at Chase Center on Tuesday. Curry's 28-foot step-back 3-pointer with 27.5 seconds left gave the Warriors a four-point lead and his game-sealing free throws capped a season-high 37-point outing. In his return to the Bay, Thompson tied a season-high with 22 points and six 3-pointers.

In addition to Thompson's return, Tuesday's game carried extra significance being the opener of the Emirates NBA Cup. The win put the Warriors atop the West Group C standings and gives them a point differential of plus-three.

CURRY LOCKED IN AND CLUTCH
Understanding the stakes of the NBA Cup and his first opportunity to compete against his Splash Brother in an NBA game, Curry carried a fiery passion in his play on both ends of the court. He was vocal and a showman in celebrating his highlight plays and the reigning Clutch Player of the Year had plenty to celebrate. Curry had a complete game, leading all players in points (37) and assists (9) while shooting 60.0 percent from two (9-for-15) and 41.7 percent from three (5-for-12). He also had six rebounds, two blocks and a steal. The Dubs were plus-24 with Curry on the floor and minus-21 when he sat.

WARRIORS SALUTE CAPTAIN KLAY
Klay Thompson poured in 13 years of legendary moments with the Warriors organization and Tuesday was his first game back at Chase Center since his departure to the Mavericks. Making his way to the visiting locker room for the first time, Thompson was greeted by hundreds of Warriors employees wearing Captain Hats. The employees tipped their caps as he entered and cheered. When Thompson came out for warmups, there were more cheers from Dub Nation, who also donned the hats they were given upon entering the arena. Right before tip-off, the Warriors shared their tribute video for the four-time champion, which prompted a standing ovation and Thompson acknowledged the crowd with smiles and waves. 

STEPH-KLAY-DRAY MOMENTS
In his first game against his Splash Brother, Stephen Curry fittingly took the defensive assignment against Thompson. Thompson, feeding off the energy in the building, took Curry straight into the post for the first possession, drawing a foul. Curry was quick to respond, draining a 3-pointer over his outstretched arms and pointing at him with both hands smiling. Draymond Green got into the act a couple of minutes later with a three over Thompson from the right corner.

Thompson got going in the second quarter, hitting back-to-back threes to extend a Mavericks 16-2 run. However, Curry would again respond with a crafty and-1 layup over Thompson and stare him down. These three competitors have done so much winning together in this league and their competitive juices flowed throughout their first head-to-head NBA matchup.

POSTGAME WARRIORS TALKS
NOW PLAYING
1mo
00:06:55
Postgame Warriors Talk: Stephen Curry - 11/12/24
1mo
00:14:00
Postgame Warriors Talk: Draymond Green - 11/12/24
1mo
00:08:24

UP NEXT 
The Warriors will host their final home game of the Group Stage of the Emirates NBA Cup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday.

MORE NOTABLES:

The Warriors improved to 3-1 at home on the season.
Golden State improved to 7-1 in games against the NBA’s Western Conference.  
The Warriors’ record of 9-2 through 11 games marks their best start since the 2021-22 season (10-1). 
Golden State improved to 1-0 in Emirates NBA Cup play… The team’s next NBA Cup matchup is Friday, November 15 vs. Memphis at Chase Center… They finish their NBA Cup Group Play schedule at New Orleans (11/22) and at Denver (12/3). 
The Warriors have won two of their last three meetings vs. the Mavericks, with all three contests decided by four points-or-less... The Warriors have won three of their last four games vs. the Mavericks played at Chase Center… Tonight marked the first of three matchups for Golden State vs. Dallas this season, they next face on 2/12/25 in Dallas. 
Golden State improved to 7-0 on the season when scoring 120-plus points… The Warriors improved to 6-0 when outrebounding their opponent (50-40 tonight)… Golden State is now 9-0 when leading after three quarters (96-89 tonight).
Golden State’s bench scored 42 points tonight, the 10th time they have scored at least 40 points in the last 11 games… According to the Elias Sports Bureau, it’s the first time in franchise history the Warriors’ reserves have scored at least 40 points in 10 of the first 11 games of any season… The Warriors led the league in bench scoring entering tonight at 59.6 points per game. 
The Warriors trailed by as many as 11 points and went on to win, marking the team’s third double-figure comeback victory on the season (10/29 vs. NOP and 11/6 at BOS). 
The Warriors made a season-low 59.3% of their attempts from the free throw line (prev. 63.6%, 10/27 vs. LAC). 
Tonight marked the Warriors 522nd consecutive sellout, the third-longest active streak in the NBA. 
Stephen Curry tallied a season-high 37 points, his second consecutive game posting a season-high mark (36, 11/10 at OKC)… He scored 12 consecutive points to close the game, marking the second time in his career that he has scored 12-or-more points to end a game (14, 2/8/21 at SAS)… He added a season-high two blocked shots (prev. 1, three times). 
Kevon Looney grabbed nine offensive rebounds in 15 minutes off the bench, becoming the third player to record at least nine offensive rebounds in 15 minutes-or-less in league history (since offensive and defensive rebounds were first tracked in 1973-74 -- Elias Sports Bureau)... Looney joined Andre Drummond (11 offensive in 14 minutes on 12/11/23) and Will Perdue (nine in 13 minutes on 3/2/91), who both accomplished the feat with the Chicago Bulls… Looney finished with 11-total rebounds, his fifth outing of double-figure rebounds on the season. 
Draymond Green went 2-of-4 from three, and the Warriors improved to 174-37 all-time in games he makes two-or-more 3-point baskets (regular season and playoffs)… Green is averaging 45.7% (16-of-35) on his attempts from three so far this season.
Trayce Jackson-Davis grabbed a season-high-tying nine rebounds (third time). 
De’Anthony Melton dished out a season-high-tying four assists (done three times). 
Kyle Anderson missed tonight’s game due to neck spasms.
Tags
2024 nba cup
STEPHEN CURRY
Related Articles
Stephen Curry Fourth Quarter Takeover Leads Warriors to NBA Cup Victory Over Mavericks
Stephen Curry Went Captain Clutch Against Captain Klay in Legendary Duel
Stephen Curry Hits Clutch 'Night Night' Dagger in Warriors Win Over Thunder
Warriors of the Week: Week 4 'NBA Cup' Edition Nov. 12 - Nov. 15
WARRIORS.COM
GSW Sports LLC
Career Opportunities
My Warriors Account
COMMUNITY
Community Foundation
Donation Requests
STAY CONNECTED
Social Media
Get Mobile App
Insider Email
中文
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/warriors/news/gameday-recap-20241112 
 ----- 
