COOKIES CONSENT

WE USE COOKIES TO IMPROVE THE WEBSITE FOR YOU.


ACCEPT ALL SETTINGS
COOKIES SETTINGS
EN
COME BACK 

1 min

11 Jun. 2024

10613

Ukraine defeats Moldova in the last match before Euro 2024: what was memorable about the match?

Popular
Events
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Ukraine vs Moldova: a brief overview
Mikolenko was injured and risks missing the Euros
Ukraine's preparations for Euro 2024

Share:

The Ukraine national football team played its last friendly match before Euro 2024, which starts on 14 June. Find out how the match went, what happened in it and what Rebrov says about Vitaliy Mykolenko's injury

Order Visit Ukraine branded merchandise and support Ukraine (worldwide delivery)
BUY




The Ukraine national team played the last control match before the European Championship. "Yellow-blues" defeated Moldova, scoring four goals. Unfortunately, it was not without bad news. We tell you.




Ukraine vs Moldova: a brief overview




The match took place at the Zimbru stadium. The starting whistle sounded at 19:00 Kyiv time.




From the first minutes, the Ukrainian team showed dominant football, scoring at the start of the game. Forward Roman Yaremchuk scored a goal. By the end of the first half the Ukrainian team led by two goals. The second goal was scored by Viktor Tsygankov after a beautiful combination with Georgiy Sudakov.




Sudakov himself scored in the second half. Also in the second half Artem Dovbik distinguished himself.




In general, Ukraine showed good football against a less strong opponent. On a good note Serhiy Rebrov's wards finish the series of friendly matches and go to Germany, where the European Championship starts this week. 




Mikolenko was injured and risks missing the Euros




Ukraine's left-back Vitaliy Mykolenko was injured in the first half. During a tackle, an opponent hit Vitaliy's right ankle, who was just starting to recover from such an injury.




According to media reports, Mikolenko was taken to hospital for examination immediately after the forced substitution. So far there is no information on whether he will miss the Euros. However, Ukraine coach Serhiy Rebrov expressed hope that the defender will go to the tournament with the team.







Visit Ukraine on social media: Telegram | YouTube | Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | TikTok








Ukraine's preparations for Euro 2024




The training camp for Serhii Rebrov's team began a few weeks ago. The first friendly match took place against Germany. It ended in a zero-all draw.




The second match against Poland took place on Friday, 7 June, in which the Yellow and Blues lost 1-3. In general, the Ukrainians' preparation was marked by an interesting game and various tactics of the coaching staff, which prepares the team for games against serious opponents as much as possible.




As you know, the European Championship will start on 14 June. The first match of the Ukrainian national team in the tournament will be held on 17 June against Romania.




It is worth noting that this will be the first major tournament for Serhii Rebrov as Ukraine's coach. Where, when and with whom the Ukrainian team will play, read the article "Ukraine at Euro 2024".




If you want to support the Ukrainian national team, we offer you unique patriotic merchandise that will allow you to stand out from the crowd even in the busiest stadiums. Cheer for Ukraine with Visit Ukraine. 




You can order the merchandise here. Hurry up while the best items are still available.




Want to know more? Read the latest news and useful materials about Ukraine and the world in the News section.








Our recommendation for a safe and comfortable trip: 




Visit Ukraine Insurance - insurance for a safe stay abroad without unnecessary expenses;

Green Card - compulsory car insurance for traveling abroad;

Visit Ukraine Tickets - book tickets for buses, trains, and airplanes to/from Ukraine and between cities around the world;

Private Lawyer service - professional legal support on visa and migration issues;

Visit Ukraine Merch - buy patriotic clothing and accessories with worldwide delivery.







© 2018-2024, Visit Ukraine. Use, copying or reprinting of materials on this site is permitted only with a link (hyperlink for online publications) to Visit Ukraine.

All rights reserved.

RECOMMENDED ARTICLES

2 min

Popular

Ukrainian football legends: career highlights and support for Ukraine during the war

Football players Blokhin, Belanov, Shevchenko, Yarmolenko and Shovkovsky - career, successes and support of the Motherland during the war

10 Dec. 2022

More details

2 min

Popular

Football stars: when Ukrainians shone with the world's top teams

In a recent match against Germany, the players of the Ukrainian national football team once again demonstrated that they are able to compete with the top teams in Europe. Find out when else the Ukrainian team has demonstrated a spectacular result against the best teams

14 Jun. 2023

More details

2 min

Events

On this day 18 years ago: how the Ukrainian national football team made history

The performance of the Ukrainian national team and goalkeeper Oleksandr Shovkovskiy at the 2006 World Cup is remembered by all Ukrainian fans. However, not everyone can remember the path of the Ukrainian national team to this tournament. We tell you how Ukraine shone in 2005 and for the first time got a ticket to the final stage of the World Cup

03 Sep. 2023

More details

1 min

Popular

NAVI is the most famous cybersports team in Ukraine: history and successes

Ukrainian cybersports team Natus Vincere has already gained fame all over the world, repeatedly proving its high level in the world of computer games. The team has already written its name in history and continues to win at world-class competitions. Find out what is unique about this organisation and what victories it has already achieved

13 Apr. 2024

More details
INFORMATION
About us
Cooperation
Our partners
User Agreement
Shop
Cooperation with guides and tour operators
FAQ
NAVIGATION
Rules of entry to Ukraine
From Ukraine
Blog
Tours
Hotels
Tickets
PRODUCTS
Green Card
War Risks Insurance
Motor TPL Insurance
Mini Hull Insurance
Apartment All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Apartment All Risks Insurance
House All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Health Insurance
CONTACTS
media@visitukraine.today
info@visitukraine.today
+380939724145
+48724046522
VISA
2024 © Visit Ukraine Today | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://visitukraine.today/blog/4105/ukraine-moldova-when-and-where-to-watch-the-national-teams-last-sparring-match-before-euro-2024?srsltid=AfmBOorV8BcmfXmNgoOpOOWxxT7jRrBhXisgpqqtPMwocGzgWxDFPBnr 
 ----- 
