NFL
MLB
NBA
NCAAF
NHL
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
NFL Week 17
Connections: Sports Edition
Newsletters
SALE ENDS TODAY
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
The Athletic FC: Sesko going nowhere – what now, Arsenal? Plus: Noel Gallagher on Guardiola
By Phil Hay
Jun 11, 2024

32

The Athletic FC ⚽ is The Athletic’s daily football (or soccer, if you prefer) newsletter. Sign up to receive it directly to your inbox.

Hello! Take heed of Noel Gallagher: don’t turn your back. Especially in the transfer market.

	TNT Sports

On the way:

Benjamin Sesko lets Arsenal down
£55m ($70m) Ndombele set for quiet Spurs exit
Noel Gallagher’s Man City exclusive, cuss-words and all
Transfer updates on Aaronson and McKennie
Sesko Will Sign: Striker to stay at Leipzig – what now for Arsenal?

Certain transfers just make sense. Benjamin Sesko from RB Leipzig to Arsenal would have been one of them

Other English clubs had eyes on Sesko too but a leap to Arsenal had the potential to suit all sides.

Mikel Arteta wants a new No 9, and Sesko oozes class and potential. Arsenal were in a position to offer him Champions League football and coaching stability, in contrast to Manchester United and Chelsea. RB Leipzig could have taken the money, all £55m of it.

But an update from The Athletic’s David Ornstein caught my eye this morning, suggesting that Sesko was reluctant to jump from Leipzig. And it’s since been confirmed that we can all stand down. He’s staying in Germany. The 21-year-old will take up a new deal with Leipzig imminently.

	Sesko has decided to stay with Leipzig (Jurij Kodrun/Getty Images)

Arsenal were ultra-keen on signing him so what does this mean for their window? I picked the brains of our Gunners expert, James McNicholas:

“While Arsenal felt they had done the necessary groundwork to make themselves an attractive choice for Sesko, they were always aware there was a strong possibility he would choose to remain in Leipzig for another 12 months.

“They entered the window hoping to add a new dimension to their attack. With Sesko off the table, they’ll have to explore alternative options.”

Back to the drawing board.

Ndombele nightmare

Elsewhere in The Athletic’s Transfer DealSheet today: two cautionary tales about investments gone wrong.

True, no team strikes gold in the market unerringly, but I couldn’t help noticing the mention of Tanguy Ndombele in our weekly recruitment guide — and thinking about the epic fail he represents.

The midfielder became Tottenham Hotspur’s record signing in 2019, a £55m capture from Lyon in France, but has barely played for them since 2021. Spurs are actively working to terminate the last year of his contract before it begins.

If all sides agree, a record-breaking purchase will become a free agent while the rest of us wonder how Spurs called this so badly. There’s a very good footballer in there somewhere, but one in need of a reputational reset.

A reputational reset was what Jadon Sancho craved this time last year, and exactly what he got on loan at Borussia Dortmund.

Will Manchester United reintegrate him as a result? Don’t count on it. The club are ready to listen to bids of £40m ($51m) for him — a chunky loss on what they originally paid, but a fairly realistic price after his Champions League final appearance.

McKennie in vogue again?

Three more news lines worth highlighting:

Real Madrid haven’t given up on Bayern Munich’s Alphonso Davies. As if they’re not strong enough.
Weston McKennie’s first taste of the Premier League with Leeds United was a disaster but the USMNT midfielder has reloaded at Juventus, and Aston Villa are quietly on his tail.
West Ham United are about to seal their first transfer since appointing Julen Lopetegui as head coach. Palmeiras forward Luis Guilherme, 18, is on the way for £20m ($25.5m).
News round-Up
Three people who racially abused Real Madrid’s Vinicius Junior have been jailed for eight months. They’re the first convictions for racist offences committed in a Spanish football stadium.
A fairly major blow for the Netherlands on the eve of the Euros. Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong is out of the finals with ankle problems. He’ll be missed.
Brenden Aaronson and Leeds United are going to try to patch things up. It hasn’t worked out for the USMNT midfielder there and he took a controversial loan to Germany last season but he’ll be part of Leeds’ Championship promotion push in 2024-25.
Gallagher on Man City and ‘dinosaur’ Neville

Here’s an out-of-the-blue (moon) treat for you: an interview with Noel Gallagher, music’s answer to Zlatan Ibrahimovic.

It comes with a free bleep machine. Thank us later.

Because the brains behind Oasis and High Flying Birds loves an expletive. And loves Manchester City. And loves Pep Guardiola. And loves a fight. All of which is apparent in Danny Taylor’s funny chat with him.

Noel Gallagher: Texts from Guardiola, why Neville is a ‘dinosaur’ – and those 115 charges

You might have seen Gallagher refusing to take part in City’s Poznan celebration in the away end at Fulham last month (see TAFC’s intro). The reason? He was hungover, obviously. And is having cardboard cut-outs of Guardiola in his kitchen and his London studio the mark of a superfan? Or certifiable?

There’s a salient point at the top of Danny’s piece. If you ever make the mistake of thinking that City have always crushed Europe underfoot, Gallagher will put you right. The saving grace for him in the days of Division Two and no hope? “That Oasis were f***ing massive.” Modest to a fault. And not wrong.

Around The Athletic FC: Let’s talk tactics for Euro 2024

Our data crew have gone stratospheric in producing tactical guides to every Euro 2024 nation, creating a mini goldmine. They’ll explain England’s pressing out of possession (see above, against Brazil in March), how Ralf Rangnick put lead in Austria’s pencil — and why Group B should look out for Albania’s pot-shots from distance.
Could a 16-year-old be the star of the show in Germany? Barcelona’s Lamine Yamal is one to watch closely — a street footballer whose unpredictability can tie defenders in knots.
Welcome encouragement for Canada and Jesse Marsch. After their shoeing at the hands of the Netherlands, a goalless draw against Euro second-favourites France was just the ticket.
Phil’s Answer: Chelsea and a PSR puzzle

Much obliged to those of you who responded to TAFC’s request for feedback and questions.

Brian Murphy wanted to know, and he’s not alone here, why the Premier League allows a situation where Chelsea can use the sale of property like hotels to a sister company (a cynic would say, the sale of property to themselves) to stay within the limits of profit and sustainability rules (PSR).

Plenty of clubs are asking the same — but not enough to change the rules. A vote on closing this loophole took place at the Premier League’s AGM last week but only 11 teams were in favour, some way short of the two-thirds majority required. For now, bricks and mortar remain PSR weapons.

If you want to get in touch, email theathleticfc@theathletic.com
Catch a match

International friendlies: Moldova v Ukraine (12pm/5pm) — Fubo, Premier Sports 1; Portugal v Republic of Ireland (2.45pm/7.45pm) — Fubo, Premier Sports 1.

(Top photo: Damjan Zibert/Soccrates/Getty Images)

Phil grew up near Edinburgh in Scotland and joined The Athletic in 2019 as its Leeds United writer. He is now lead writer of The Athletic FC newsletter. He previously worked for the Yorkshire Evening Post as its chief football writer. Follow Phil on Twitter @PhilHay_

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5555627/2024/06/11/sesko-arsenal-transfers-noel-gallagher/ 
 ----- 
