Skip to main content
SHOP
TICKETS
United Kingdom
Football
NFL
NBA
More Sports
•••
Watch

Football

News
Teams
Leagues
Scores
Fixtures
Tables
Featured

Football

NFL

NBA

More Sports

Sports
Football
NFL
NBA
F1
Boxing
MMA
WWE
Golf
Tennis
Cricket
More Sports
Explore More
Watch
EDITIONS
United Kingdom
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Ivory Coast vs Nigeria prediction, odds, betting tips and best bets for AFCON 2024 group match
Kyle Bonn
17-01-2024
•
5 min read
Getty Images

2023 Africa Cup of Nations host Ivory Coast look to continue their bright start as they face a tough opponent in Nigeria in Group A play.

The tournament hosts battered Guinea-Bissau in a 2-0 victory to raise the curtain on the competition, with a thunderbolt from Seko Fofana and a second-half insurance goal from Jean-Philippe Krasso securing the three points in front of a boisterous home crowd.

With Sebastian Haller and Simon Adingra still potentially out injured for Ivory Coast, they will have to continue feeding off the crowd to urge them to victory.

Nigeria, meanwhile, has suffered a fall from grace as one of Africa's most talented footballing nations, missing a glutton of chances upfront in their opening round draw against Equatorial Guinea. Victor Osimhen got his tournament started with a 38th-minute goal, but he missed a slew of other opportunities and will need to be sharper here in a hostile environment.

USA: Click here to see the latest odds for Ivory Coast vs Nigeria and bet on AFCON matches

Ivory Coast vs Nigeria prediction, odds
Moneyline lean: Ivory Coast (+115)
Score prediction: Ivory Coast 2-1 Nigeria

At AFCON, the host bump is a very real phenomenon, and after Nigeria fell victim to their frailties up front in their opener against Equatorial Guinea, the Super Eagles could be Ivory Coast's next prey in front of a crowd resonant with excitement and support.

It will be hard to keep Victor Osimhen and company off the board completely, but if they don't take every chance, Ivory Coast will have plenty of environmental inspiration to draw from down the stretch. Backing the hosts early in the Africa Cup of Nations is a consistently winning strategy in every iteration of the tournament.

 	DraftKings
(USA)
Ivory Coast win	+115
Draw	+190
Nigeria win	+340
Both teams
to score Y/N	+115 / -145
Over / Under
2.5 goals	+180 / -225
Ivory Coast
-0.5 goals	+105
Nigeria
+0.5 goals	-140

CLAIM YOUR BONUS BETS AT DRAFTKINGS TODAY

CLAIM PROMO
Ivory Coast vs Nigeria match facts
Date: Thursday, Jan. 18, 2024
Kickoff Time: 8 p.m. local (3 p.m. ET / 12 p.m. PT)
Location: Alassane Ouattara Olympic Stadium (Abidjan, Ivory Coast)
Last meeting: Ivory Coast 1-2 Nigeria (Feb. 3, 2013 | Africa Cup of Nations)
Ivory Coast vs Nigeria: best bet
Pick: Ivory Coast over 1.5 goals
Odds: +170 (DraftKings)

The hosts are potentially still without Sebastian Haller and Simon Adingra, but they showed against Guinea-Bissau that if they create enough chances, the home crowd can will a few of them into the net. Seko Fofana, who is marred in a brutal run of form at the club level, was a man-possessed in the AFCON opener, scoring a thunderbolt just four minutes in and nearly bagging another as he hammered a howitzer that nearly found the underside of the crossbar.

With Franck Kessie absolutely cooking in midfield, and Jean-Philippe Krasso taking his good club form along with him to AFCON as Haller's understudy, this Ivory Coast team will find chances against a Nigeria side that has failed to keep a clean sheet in four straight games, all against theoretically inferior sides.

Ivory Coast vs Nigeria prop bet
Pick: Victor Osimhen anytime goalscorer
Odds: +225 (DraftKings)

In a tournament where the betting market believes goals will be at an exclusive premium, backing the main threats to score can provide big profits. Victor Osimhen netted in Nigeria's opener, and he is the top target for the Super Eagles.

Osimhen took six shots and amassed a huge 1.95 xG total against Equatorial Guinea, putting two on frame and finding the net in 38 minutes. While Ivory Coast will surely present a stiffer challenge, Alex Iwobi and Ademola Lookman are both in good club form and have carried that creative spark with them to international duty.

Ivory Coast vs Nigeria live stream, TV channel
 	TV channel	Streaming
USA	beIN Sports, beIN Sports en Espanol	Fubo USA, beIN Sports Connect, Fanatiz
Canada	beIN Sports, beIN Sports en Espanol	Fubo Canada, beIN Sports Connect, Fanatiz
UK	Sky Sports Mix	Sky Go

beIN Sports has the broadcast rights to the entirety of the 2023 African Cup of Nations in both the United States and Canada. They will broadcast the matches in both English and Spanish, with both beIN Sports and beIN Sports en Espanol available to stream on Fubo USA and Fubo Canada.

WATCH LIVE WITH

WATCH IVORY COAST vs. NIGERIA IN AFCON ACTION

NO COMMITMENT. CANCEL ANYTIME.

START YOUR FREE TRIAL

Sky Sports has acquired the broadcast rights to the African Cup of Nations in the UK and will put games on Sky Sports Mix, with streaming available on Sky Go.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Kyle Bonn

Kyle Bonn, is a Syracuse University broadcast journalism graduate with over a decade of experience covering soccer globally. Kyle specializes in soccer tactics and betting, with a degree in data analytics. Kyle also does TV broadcasts for Wake Forest soccer, and has had previous stops with NBC Soccer and IMG College. When not covering the game, he has long enjoyed loyalty to the New York Giants, Yankees, and Fulham. Kyle enjoys playing racquetball and video games when not watching or covering sports.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
Premier League Teams
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/uk/football/news/ivory-coast-vs-nigeria-prediction-odds-betting-afcon-2024/20bc1aaac3e55f4d6acae58a 
 ----- 
