HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Equatorial Guinea vs Guinea Bissau: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 16, 2024 at 8:38 AM
Modified at :
January 16, 2024 at 8:38 AM

Govind

0
0
Matchday 2 fixture from the host nation’s group in 2023 AFCON

The Equatorial Guinea side had a fairly good result on matchday 1 of the Africa Cup of Nations. They were up against the three-time winners, Nigeria national football team. The game saw Juan Micha’s men go ahead just after the half-hour mark. Although the lead lasted just 2 minutes before Victor Osimhen decided to plunge in, they will be happy with the 1 point on the table.

The Guinea Bissau national football team were competing against Group A opponents and host nation Ivory Coast on matchday 1. Even though the stats say both sides had equal shots taken, the Côte d’Ivoire side was more precise to net 2 goals. After a 2-0 defeat, Baciro Candé’s men will want to get a better result and hopefully some points on the table.

Kick-Off:

Thursday, 18 January 2024 at 7:30 PM IST (2:00 PM UK)

Location: Olympic Stadium of Ebimpé

Form

Equatorial Guinea (in all competitions): D-D-W-W-D

Guinea Bissau (in all competitions): L-L-W-D-L

Players to Watch
Jesús Owono (Equatorial Guinea)

The goalkeeper of Equatorial Guinea, Jesús Owono was kept busy throughout the game by Osimhen and other Nigerian players. In the full 90 minutes, Owono pulled off many important saves to keep his side on the level with the three-time AFCON champions. The player even won the save of the day for Day 2 of the ongoing tournament for his magnificent stopping of Napoli striker Osimhen’s 1-on-1 effort.

Marcelo Amado Djaló Taritolay (Guinea Bissau)

With the number 4 jersey on his back, Marcelo Amado Djaló Taritolay stood as one of the rocks in the defensive setup of Guinea Bissau’s side. Playing the full 90 minutes, the centre-back produced 38 accurate passes. And most importantly won 3 crucial tackles. Even though his side lost 2-0, Djaló will motivated to continue moving with his standards.

Match Facts
Equatorial Guinea were able to hold Nigeria for a 1-1 draw while Guinea Bissau lost 2-0 to Ivory Coast on matchday 1
With a 1-1 draw against the Super Eagles, the National Thunder extended their unbeaten run in all competitions (including friendly) to 11 games
The African wild dogs have conceded 8 goals in the last two fixtures (including 6 goals against Mali in a friendly)
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

Iván Salvador found the back of the net from a first-time effort against Nigeria. The 28-year-old should be starting once again for the side led by Juan Micha. José Machín, also known as Pepín, was the genius behind the assistance to Salvador. So hopefully he will start alongside as well. The rest of the squad’s performance was also good. Maybe an unchanged lineup could be very well on the cards.

Right back Nanu was in the substitute bench on matchday 1 against the host nation. He didn’t even come on in the second half for a few minutes. Reportedly the full back is recovering from a muscle injury and is doubtful for getting into action once again.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 1

Equatorial Guinea wins – 0

Guinea Bissau wins – 1

Draws – 0

Predicted Lineup
Equatorial Guinea predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Owono (GK); Akapo, Orozco Fernandez, Coco, Ndong; Bikoro, Ganet; Salvador, Pepín, Buyla; Nsue

Guinea Bissau predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Djoco (GK); Encada, Sangante, Djaló, Cande; Cassama, Semedo, Bikel; Rodrigues, Balde, Carlos Mane

Match Prediction for Equatorial Guinea vs Guinea Bissau

The AFCON Group A teams have played a game each. And now with this fixture, matchday 2 games will kick off. The National Thunder were able to hold their ground to get a point on board while the African wild dogs couldn’t handle the motivation of the hosts, who also go by the name ‘the Elephants’. This match will be a relatively close game although Equatorial Guinea have the ability to make the shots count.

Prediction: Equatorial Guinea 2-1 Guinea Bissau

Telecast for Equatorial Guinea vs Guinea Bissau

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Cli

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-equatorial-guinea-vs-guinea-bissau-match-preview 
 ----- 
