Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Equatorial Guinea holds Nigeria in group A duel
Ivan Salvador gave Equatorial Guinea the lead on 36 minutes with a sublime finish inside the goal area. The joy was however short-lived as Victor Osimhen, the CAF reigning player of the year leveled the matters two minutes later with a header past goalkeeper Jesus Ngua.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 14, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Nigeria players celebrate a goal by talisman Victor Oshimen at AFCON 2023 | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Group A is currently being led by hosts Cote D’Ivoire after that 2-0 win in the tournament’s official opening match over Guinea Bissau.

AFCON 2023 (Group A):

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau

Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea shared the spoils during a 1-all duel in group A during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations played at the Alassane Ouattara Stadium in Abidjan city on Sunday, 14th January 15, 2024.

Ivan Salvador gave Equatorial Guinea the lead on 36 minutes with a sublime finish inside the goal area.

The joy was however short-lived as Victor Osimhen, the CAF reigning player of the year leveled the matters two minutes later with a header past the impressive goalkeeper Jesus Ngua.

Equatorial Guinea endured the pressure from Nigeria for long spells in the second half thanks to the solid work ethic and solid defence with goalkeeper Ngua making a number of saves.

By close of business, each of the countries took home a point as Ngua was deservedly named the CAF man of the match.

Group A is currently being led by hosts Cote D’Ivoire after that 2-0 win in the tournament’s official opening match over Guinea Bissau.

Seko Mohamed Fofana and Jean Philippe Nil Step Krasso were on target for Cote D’Ivoire.

Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea follow suit with a point apiece as Guinea Bissau has not yet got a point.

Group A action will resume on Thursday, 18th January 2024 with Cote D’Ivoire taking on Nigeria as Equatorial Guinea shall face Guinea Bissau on the same day.

Meanwhile, defending champions Senegal swing into action on Monday, January 15, 2024 against The Gambia at the Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro during the early kick off.

Later, Cameroon will face Guinea at the same venue.

DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Infrastructure development dominate Magogo’s New Year Address on Football
Will CHAN serve as the perfect dress rehearsal for AFCON 2027?
Kalyowa, Express seek redemption against despairing Bright Stars
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/14/afcon-2023-equatorial-guinea-holds-nigeria-in-group-a-duel/ 
 ----- 
