Home
About Mikey Live
All News
Grenada News
Caribbean News
World News
Crime
Letter To The Editor
Politics
Entertainment
Mikey Live Program
Live Streams
Donate/Pay
Mikey Live
HOME
ABOUT MIKEY LIVE
ALL NEWS
MIKEY LIVE PROGRAM
LIVE STREAMS
DONATE/PAY
Home  Grenada News  Mass COVID-19 Vaccination Programme Moves To St. Andrew
Grenada NewsLatest News
Mass COVID-19 Vaccination Programme Moves To St. Andrew
By Mikey Live -
March 1, 2021
 Share
 Post Views: 80

PR –  The Ministry of Health announces that commencing Tuesday, March 2, through Friday, March 5, 2021, it will undertake a mass COVID-19 vaccination programme for all frontline and essential service  providers in Grenville, St. Andrew, who are not yet vaccinated. 

The St. Andrew leg of the COVID-19 vaccination programme will be conducted at the  Deluxe Cinema, Gladstone Rd, Grenville, between 9:00 a.m.and 2:00 p.m. 

Frontline personnel including:  

– Health care providers, 

– Law enforcement officers (Police, Customs and Immigration), – Health wardens and contact tracers, 

– Port/Dock workers, 

– Airport workers,  

– Hotel and guest house employees, and 

– Certified Taxi operators.  

Interested persons must present a valid company photo ID or an official ID inclusive of  NIS, driver’s license or passport. In addition to the above-mentioned categories of  workers, provisions have been made for the vaccination of seafarers, people aged sixty five (65) and over, as well as those eighteen (18) years and over with an underlying medical condition, who are interested in the vaccine. 

Meanwhile, in light of several requests from essential services providers and members of  the public who were unable to get their COVID-19 vaccine last week at the Radisson  Beach Resort, the Ministry has decided to extend the COVID-19 Vaccination Programme for two days only on Monday and Tuesday, at the Radisson Beach Resort Convention  Center, at Grand Anse. Vaccination will be done from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on both days. 

The Ministry of Health advises that all COVID-19 health and safety protocols MUST be  observed for the duration of the process. The national vaccination process will be  conducted on a first-come, first-served basis. 

Previous article
West Indies Name Exciting Squads For CG Insurance T20I & ODI Series Against Sri Lanka
Next article
PAHO To Deliver Over 300,000 Doses Of COVID-19 Vaccines To Barbados, Eastern Caribbean
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Trump Is Certified As The 2024 Election Winner Without Challenge, In Stark Contrast To 2021 Violence
Canada’s Trudeau Resigns As Liberal Party Leader, Spelling End To Time In Power
Grenada Earns More Than $2 Million In Work Permit Fees
ABOUT US

Mikey Live is a new, live, 1 hour Social Media show, which focuses on the latest developments in Grenada and to a lesser extent, the region. It is presented in a news format, however, tailored in a light and entertaining way. The program affords viewers the ability to participate in real time discussions and make comments on what’s being featured. Our motto “News Discussed, Not Told”. The program focuses on a wide range of topics and targets a young, dynamic audience, while at the same time catering to senior citizens. The show is live at 8:30pm, weeknights, and is available for replay or download immediately after.

Read More
LINKS

About Mikey Live

Grenada News

Caribbean News

Mikey Live Program

CONTACT US
Address: St. George's Grenada
Email: admin@mikeylive.com
Phone: 1-473-414-9995
FOLLOW US

Copyright © 2015-2020 by MikeyLive | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mikeylive.com/featured/mass-covid-19-vaccination-programme-moves-to-st-andrew/ 
 ----- 
