    Subscribe
SPORTS
Cavs clamp down on Towns, Brunson to overcome Knicks
Alder Almo - Philstar.com
October 29, 2024 | 2:42pm
 
Karl-Anthony Towns of the New York Knicks.
Elsa / Getty Images / AFP

ADVERTISEMENT

NEW YORK – The New York Knicks traded for Karl-Anthony Towns to be Robin to Jalen Brunson’s Batman. 

But on the night Brunson struggled to make shots, Towns also had a quiet night. 

The Cleveland Cavaliers constantly threw double teams at Towns while collapsing on Brunson in the paint as they overcame a 13-point deficit to defeat the Knicks, 110-104, Monday (Tuesday Manila time) at Madison Square Garden. 

Darius Garland scored 15 of his game-high 34 points in the fourth quarter to rally the Cavaliers. 

Brunson led the Knicks with 21 points but was held to 8-of-24 shooting, while Towns scored only 13 on eight attempts. 

“Some of it, I want the game to tell him what to do. Some of it is he's getting double-teamed in the post,” Thibodeau said of Towns’ quiet offense. “And then there's different ways. You've got to get in there as well. We got to search that out. And whether it's the transition, post-ups or off of what's going on in the game with cutting and movement, we got to find the good read.”

Brunson took the blame for the Knicks’ second loss in three starts, specifically for not involving Towns on offense as much as needed.

"As good as Karl is, no one can really take him out of a game,” Brunson told reporters. “It's on us. It's on me as a teammate to make sure we're all on the same page and everyone is eating. I gotta be better when it comes to that. I gotta adjust and I gotta see.”

Yet the Knicks led by 13 in the second half despite their top two stars’ quiet night offensively because of Josh Hart’s heart and hustle.

Hart had 16 points, 13 rebounds, three steals and two assists for his consecutive double-double performance.

The Knicks were in control until Brunson hobbled in the third quarter after hurting his ankle.

Cleveland took advantage with Brunson sitting out the final 3:58 of the third quarter, cutting a 72-61 deficit to 78-74 heading into the fourth quarter.

Brunson checked back in the fourth quarter but never got into a rhythm. He was 3-of-9 from the floor.

And when the Cavaliers took the lead and the momentum, the Knicks lost Hart, who got hurt with 4:45 left in the game.

Hart exited after he was tripped during a loose ball scramble. He never returned, and the Knicks never got back in the game, too.

Garland hit back-to-back 3-pointers after Hart’s final two free throws before limping to the locker room as the Cavaliers built a 99-93 cushion with 3:51 remaining.

The Cavaliers took away the Knicks’ offensive rebounding. After crashing for 11 offensive rebounds in the first half, the Knicks only had two in the second half.

Despite the hype surrounding the Knicks trying to mirror Boston’s spread-out offense following the pair of blockbuster trades for Mikal Bridges and Towns, they struggled anew from the 3-point line.

The Knicks only hit 9-of-28 from long distance.

“We have to generate more,” Thibodeau said.

Through the first three games, the Knicks ranked last in 3-point attempts in the NBA with only 28.3 per game.

In stark contrast, the Celtics lead the league by a mile — attempting 50.3 per game and making 21.5, which is equivalent to 64.5 points.

“I’ve got to watch tape,” Towns told reporters. “It’s as simple as that. We’ve got to watch the tape to see how we can get more threes. Obviously, Boston has something in place that they showed. Maybe there’s something to learn from.”

 

--

Alder Almo is a former senior sportswriter for Philstar.com and NBA.com Philippines. He is now based in Jersey City, New Jersey, and writes for US-based publications Heavy.com and Athlonsports.com.

KARL-ANTHONY TOWNS
KNICKS
NBA
NEW YORK KNICKS
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Hotshots hold on
PTA general assembly set
PSC to expand youth program
Philippine bowlers bow out
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
LOOK: Celebrities Anne Curtis, Marian Rivera, others praise the new vivo X200 Pro
Cebuana Lhuillier ventures into future of payments at Plan B Forum in Switzerland
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATESTTRENDING
Latest 
Zverev vows to win it all this time
2 hours ago
World No. 2 Alexander Zverev insisted Friday he has the mindset to win a first Grand Slam – but admitted Jannik Sinner...
SPORTS
 
Lakers game called off; Kerr loses home to wildfires
2 hours ago
The NBA has postponed Thursday’s scheduled game between the Charlotte Hornets and Los Angeles Lakers due to the devastating...
SPORTS
 
Unsung heroes
By Bill Velasco | 2 hours ago
Unbeknownst to most of us, the concept of being an overseas Filipino worker does encompass sport, and not just athletes.
SPORTS
 
Bolts zoom past Road Warriors to close in on quarters
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 3 hours ago
The Meralco Bolts pulled away late against the NLEX Road Warriors, 105-91, to inch closer to a quarterfinal berth in the PBA...
SPORTS
 
Hotshots oust Dyip to boost playoff hopes
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 5 hours ago
The Magnolia Hotshots grinded out a crucial victory over the lowly Terrafirma Dyip squad, 89-84, to pump life back into their...
SPORTS
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/sports/2024/10/29/2396164/cavs-clamp-down-towns-brunson-overcome-knicks 
 ----- 
