Skip to main content
Posting and Toasting homepage
a New York Knicks community
Follow Posting and Toasting online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Posting and Toasting main menu
FANPOSTS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Knicks Bulletin: ‘I’ve got to watch tape, it’s really simple as that’

The Knicks couldn’t top the unbeaten Cavs and Tom Thibodeau pointed out the most glaring issue.

By Antonio Losada  Oct 29, 2024, 10:00am EDT  7 Comments / 7 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Antonio Losada is a computer scientist with an MS in Artificial Intelligence who decided to throw away a career in Academia to blog about the Knicks at P&T and successfully survived the sophomore slump solidifying himself as a bonafide starter.

Another tough matchup, another loss by the New York Knicks. The hosts couldn't build any momentum coming off their first win of the season on Friday against Indiana, losing 110-104 to the visiting Cavs on Monday.

New York did more than enough to build some padding in the scoreboard, reaching a game-high 13-point distance, but they ended up surrendering that—and then some—and handing Cleveland their fourth win of the season so the Cavaliers could remain unbeaten.

Here’s what Coach Thibs, a few players, and some Clevelanders said before and after Monday’s disappointing affair.

Tom Thibodeau

On needing the team to shoot more three-pointers:

“We have to generate more. Sometimes it’s a byproduct of deep-paint decisions, what’s the read.

“Obviously you want as many layups as you can get. If there’s two on you, spread it out. And then everyone has to—you can’t just stare at the ball, you have to stare at the whole court so you know if you’ve got to read the man in front of you, what’s he doing so we don’t get guys.”

On what went wrong for the Knicks on Monday:

“We just missed some shots and gave up some easy ones in transition. That hurt us. We have to generate more.”

On the Cavaliers’ rebounding and the Knicks’ lack of physical play:

“They’ve got the size at the rim. I want to take a look at the film, but I thought they were pretty physical.

“I think that’s the way it’s going to be this year. So we’ve just got to focus on making the shot or making the play.”

On the Knicks early-season struggles:

“It’s early in the season. The dynamic of the team is you have a lot of talent on the team, and they steadily have gotten better.

“The pace is maybe a little bit different, but it’s too early to tell. I think the strengths and weaknesses of the club are going to be the same. And then you’re always looking at style of play.”

On playing Ariel Hukporti over Jericho Sims:

“Getting a look at someone different to try to change it up. Their bigs are pretty dynamic. So we wanted to see what it looked like.

“I thought [Hukporti’s] minutes were solid.”

On Karl-Anthony Towns’ performance and adjustments:

“Some of it, I want the game to tell him what to do. Some of it is if you’re getting double-teamed in the post, and then there’s different ways he’s got to get in there as well. We’ve got to search that out.

“Whether it’s transition post-ups or off of what’s going on in the game with cutting and movement.”

On Josh Hart’s injury:

“I haven’t talked to medical. They said it was a bruise.”

On Miles McBride’s work ethic and growth:

“Every time he was called upon, he was ready.

“I think it was a byproduct of the work ethic. When he went down to the G League, he played really well.

“Anytime he was thrust into the rotation, he played really well in those situations.”

Jalen Brunson

On Karl-Anthony Towns shooting just eight times:

“As good as Karl is, no one can really take him out of a game. It’s on us—it’s on me as a teammate—to make sure we’re all on the same page and everyone’s eating.

“I gotta be better when it comes to that, I gotta adjust and I gotta see him.”

On missing more shots than he should:

“Just missed some shots. Gave up some easy ones in transition. That hurt us.”

On his injury scare:

“I just got hit, that’s all. I’m all good.”

On Josh Hart leaving the game with an injury:

“Of course, anybody that doesn’t finish the game it’s hard to see and you want your brothers out there finishing the game with you. I mean, we’ll see. Don’t know what’s the situation, but we’ll see going forward.”

Karl-Anthony Towns

On how the Knicks can shoot more threes moving forward:

“I’ve got to watch tape, it’s really simple as that.”

Josh Hart

On the perceived lack of depth in the Knicks roster:

“Realistically, the people that say [we lack depth] are casual fans or don’t watch the league every night. They might not know these guys because they might not be a mainstream or household name.

“We have good guys who are willing and able to step up if they need to.”

Deuce McBride

On the support from the Knicks organization:

“From the front office down to the coaching staff and my teammates, there has been a lot of belief in me. It gives me a lot of confidence to go out there and do what I do.”

Kenny Atkinson (Cleveland Cavaliers Head Coach)

On beating the Knicks on Monday:

“You know the story of the game. They had 11 offensive rebounds in the first half. Second half we held them to two. That was really for us—the story of the game.

“Once we took care of the boards, we got out in transition, then our talent took over.”

On his perspective regarding the Knicks’ championship potential:

“I think they’re championship contenders. When you add two All-Stars, they’re going to be really good and really tough to beat in the East.

“Obviously with Jalen [Brunson], they’ve got a great group. [Knicks president] Leon [Rose has] done a heckuva job. [Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau] has done a heckuva job. I expect to have a lot of battles with these guys. I know they’ve owned us.”

On dealing with Karl-Anthony Towns:

“I’m sure every coach that comes in here says the same thing, but it makes it really hard because of his ability to spread the floor. But he can spread the floor and shoot the three obviously, but also [score] in the post. And he’s expanded his game where he can drive a close out.

“So when you’re a center in this league and you can do all three of those things, it’s really difficult.”

On his coaching journey and impact of past roles:

“It changed me. You know, I’m not totally a different coach than I was in Brooklyn, but I learned a lot.

“Obviously, being a part of the championship team with the Warriors—guys that have done it at the highest level—Steph [Curry], Draymond [Green], Klay [Thompson], Paul George, Kawhi [Leonard]. You learn so much from those guys.

“It’s funny how things work out. You get fired. You’re like, ‘Oh man, what am I gonna do?’ And then it turns out to actually be kind of what I needed.

“I needed more exposure to championship cultures.”

Darius Garland (Cleveland Cavaliers Player)

On beating the Knicks at Madison Square Garden:

“Coming into the Garden and getting a win, there’s nothing really better than that.

“Coming to the Mecca, stealing one on their home court, it’s good.”

On the Cavs benefiting from hiring of Kenny Atkinson as their head coach:

“I think [Atkinson’s] really good for us. He’s super offensive-minded. Our defensive side of the ball is pretty good. So to get some offense into our repertoire is a must.

“He gives us a lot of freedom, gives us room just to hoop, a lot of space.”

Donovan Mitchell (Cleveland Cavaliers Player)

On new head coach Kenny Atkinson’s impact on the Cavaliers:

“You feel [Atkinson’s presence], you see it in the group. Just the motion of the offense. You can tell it’s already different.”

MORE FROM POSTING AND TOASTING
Knicks’ Karl-Anthony Towns & Jalen Brunson keep pushing for All-Star nods
Game Preview: Knicks vs Thunder, January 10, 2025
Knicks Bulletin: ‘Say what you want about Thibs. He gets the job done’
Knicks 112, Raptors 98: The Quick and the dead
Knicks Bulletin: ‘My role is to be a servant for these guys’
Knicks 112, Raptors 98: Scenes from a that’s-more-like-it second half
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.postingandtoasting.com/2024/10/29/24282524/knicks-bulletin-ive-got-to-watch-tape-its-really-simple-as-that 
 ----- 
