Saturday, December 28, 2024
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
FINANCE
Impact of NFL’s private equity decision could be felt by year’s end
BY BEN FISCHER
8.30.2024
 
 
 
 
 
 

After an Aug. 27 vote by NFL owners to approve limited institutional investment in teams, a close associate to Commissioner Roger Goodell and many team owners predicted private equity will hold positions in about one-quarter of the NFL’s 32 teams in two to three years.

“Six to eight is a reasonable range to anticipate over the medium term,” said Marc Ganis, the founder of Sportscorp Ltd., who has been called the “33rd owner” because of his close ties to NFL power brokers.

It’s hard to predict overall interest until the first actual deals come together, Ganis said, because some majority owners will proceed only if they find the initial precedent appealing.

One or two transactions will likely be ready for league approval by the December owners meeting outside Dallas, he said. “And other teams that are interested are going to see how this works out,” Ganis added.

Commissioner Roger Goodell may soon see many new LPs among NFL teams.
GETTY IMAGES
Should Ganis’ prediction come true, that would represent $4.4 billion of assets that would change hands, assuming investors acquire 10% of eight teams and each of them is worth on average $5.5 billion. Those deals would likely push the unrealized value of every other franchise higher, too.

However, even that would hardly constitute a sea change in NFL ownership. The policy was designed to be limited in nature, with NFL owners understanding that their unique strength in the marketplace permits caution despite real pressures.

The special committee of owners created in 2023 to consider all possible solutions to an illiquid market for NFL team equity stakes chose a conservative path. It did not change any rules around majority stakes, such as the requirement that the control owner hold 30% of equity. Nor did it allow other kinds of institutions into the fold along with private equity, and the 10% cap is the most conservative among pro sports leagues.

“We felt that the overall framework of NFL policies have served the league well, and we didn’t need to address those at this time,” said Kansas City Chiefs Chairman and CEO Clark Hunt, who chaired the special panel.

But even a modest change in NFL rules around ownership could be consequential in other ways. By the nature of private equity, people or organizations that could not have won permission to invest in NFL teams as individuals have a new avenue to get involved.

That includes pension funds or sovereign wealth funds, which could become limited partners in funds that own NFL teams. But their stake in the investment fund would be capped at 7.5% under the current rules at least, and those LPs would have no governance rights or access to team information. 

Notably, NFL owners and their immediate family members are allowed to become LPs in private equity funds in the new program, capped at 3%. That means that an owner of one NFL team could soon own a small stake, indirectly, in several others.

The private equity funds approved to participate include: Arctos Partners; Ares Management Corp.; Sixth Street; and a consortium consisting of Blackstone, Carlyle, CVC, Dynasty Equity and Ludis, a platform founded and led by Pro Football Hall of Famer Curtis Martin.

Goodell singled out Martin’s involvement in the consortium of firms, which he said could be a big step toward developing more racial diversity among NFL ownership ranks. 

“Curtis deserves a tremendous amount of credit for bringing together several incredible blue chip firms, between Blackstone, CVC, Carlyle. … I think he’s been the leader of that,” Goodell said. “He has shown tremendous leadership. He will be investing along with them personally, and through his company, as well as bringing in an additional firm which is primarily focused on getting people of color into ownership positions, and this is something we’ve long fought for and tried to find ways to encourage.”

The NFL’s approach to private equity has a detail unique among North American pro sports leagues: The league itself will claim part of the profits when an institutional investor sells its stake in a team, a reflection of the financial strength and clout the NFL brought into negotiations with the PE industry.

The feature was a tactic to win support from owners who have no intention of selling to private equity themselves, sources said. It’s also a recognition that much of the upside likely to accrue will be the result of coordinated leaguewide activity like bigger media rights deals, sources said.

“As I said before, not all clubs will take advantage of this, but we said in the beginning, the finance committee and the membership, that this would be a benefit to all 32 teams,” Goodell said. “I think it’s appropriate, I think the private equity firms thought it was appropriate, and I think it’s the right way to approach this.”


Private equity is willing to get involved despite the conservative policy because of the super-premium nature of the NFL, Ganis said. PE traditionally wants investments that can generate returns of about 15%-20%; they often can achieve that, but only by buying firms in need of a turnaround.

The NFL may offer lower returns, but already spins off big cash profits and appears to still have a strong upside. “That certainty of how well it’s managed and what its results will be allows the PE to take different deal terms,” Ganis said.

“One of the key things was we wanted funds that had capital ready to put to work on Day 1,” said Joe Siclare, the NFL’s executive vice president of finance and league policy. “There were a lot of funds out there interested in investing in sports that are raising capital, and they’ll continue to do that, but one of the key parameters was we had funds ready to invest on Day 1.”

Siclare said he expects more funds to be added to the program, but no specific process was developed for bringing them in yet.

Under the new rules, one fund can buy the maximum 10% on its own or as little as 3% of a team, meaning that one team could involve up to three private equity funds. Any single fund cannot hold stakes in more than six teams. There is no specific buyback provision allowing for the league to unroll the program, but the league can force a sale. The funds cannot sell their stake in a club for at least six years. 

Other rules are designed to keep any fund from being too exposed to its team interest. Funds must have $2 billion in committed capital, and no fund can put more than 20% of its money into a single team.

PREVIOUS
Genius Sports’ updated BetVision view allows app users to watch almost live and place bets on a single screen
NEXT
Talent and executives outline areas of focus, vision for future at ESPN
SPONSORED CONTENT
ADDITIONAL SECTIONS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: December 27, 2024
December 27, 2024

Recapping Christmas Day NBA and NFL viewership; MLB agrees to new CBA with umpires

Ian Eagle and 2024 in review
December 25, 2024
On the pod this week, co-hosts Austin Karp and Mollie Cahillane look back at 2024 and answer listener questions from the mailbag. Plus, ahead of Netflix’s first NFL game broadcasts, play-by-play announcer Ian Eagle discusses his expectations for the broadcast and how it’s a special day for his family, as son Noah is also calling a game.
SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024
Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event in Denver, ONE 168.
SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS

You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
December 23
December 20
December 19
December 18
December 17
December 16
December 13
December 12
December 11
December 10
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2024 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Articles/2024/09/02/nfl-investment 
 ----- 
