Saturday, December 28, 2024
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
FRANCHISES
The Chiefs Take On The World
BY BEN FISCHER
8.30.2024
 
 
 
 
 
 

It’s a stiflingly hot late July afternoon in Kansas City. The sun is shining, but storms are coming.

Inside Chiefs headquarters on the grounds of Arrowhead Stadium, Chairman and CEO Clark Hunt sits at a conference table overlooking the practice field, leafing through a printout of a PowerPoint deck.

Across the table, Chiefs CMO Lara Krug is walking Hunt through slides of consumer research and media metrics, documenting how the team has leveraged its extraordinary on-field success — including three of the last five Super Bowl titles — to add fans. Krug’s second slide reads: “Our Goal: To Be The World’s Team.”


STEVE SANDERS/KANSAS CITY CHIEFS

 

Behind Krug on the wall are three oversized photographs of Lamar Hunt, Clark’s father and the man who founded the franchise. One shows the elder Hunt on the sidelines at Super Bowl I; another, posing inside a half-completed Arrowhead Stadium; the last, holding his own bust at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

It’s hard not to imagine the younger Hunt ending up in Canton one day himself, but if he’s given any thought to a similar legacy, he isn’t saying. He’s too busy overseeing the NFL’s current dynasty.

Over the next 24 hours, Hunt will review a community impact report; present Super Bowl rings to his team’s cheerleaders; drive 60 miles north to training camp and go over the depth chart in detail with general manager Brett Veach; and meet by Zoom with fellow owners, NFL executives and private equity insiders to fine-tune the league’s plan to allow institutional investment in teams. Finally, he’ll return to Arrowhead for a concert by country music superstar Morgan Wallen to celebrate his wife Tavia’s 53rd birthday.

These are hectic and heady times for Hunt. Much as the Pittsburgh Steelers dominated the 1970s, the San Francisco 49ers the ’80s, the Dallas Cowboys the ’90s and the New England Patriots the 2000s and 2010s, the Chiefs are this decade’s It Team. Eight straight division titles, four AFC crowns and a trio of Lombardi Trophies have rebuilt the legacy of a franchise that once went 50 years between Super Bowl appearances.

“We certainly understand what a special time this is for Kansas City football,” Hunt said. “We’re not taking this period for granted.”

Beyond the team’s success, Hunt has emerged as the NFL’s next-generation ownership leader. He may not match the larger-than-life personality of Jerry Jones or Robert Kraft, or the sheer wealth of Stan Kroenke or David Tepper, but he’s got the old-school bona fides and the intellect — to say nothing of the trophy case — to command attention. At 59, he is still the fourth-youngest principal owner in the league, and he is already entering his 20th full season in charge in Kansas City while at the same time having become a central figure in the most important matters facing the NFL.

“People view Clark as smart, even-handed and important,” said Commanders owner Josh Harris, who dealt with Hunt during the months-long negotiation with the NFL over his deal to buy the club from Dan Snyder in 2023. “He’s someone that people listen to, and he’s one of the more influential owners in the room. As a new owner, it’s a big room with a lot of voices, and I think increasingly he’s one of the people that people listen to.”


SEE ALSO
Impact of NFL’s private equity decision could be felt by year’s end

 

■ ■ ■ ■

Clark Hunt’s story is less about destiny than it is practicality.

“I don’t know that I love sports as much as my dad, but I certainly loved playing them and had a little bit of an interest in it,” Clark recalled.

As a boy, he would sometimes play catch with his father on the Arrowhead field, and he played football in high school. But his best sport was soccer. Clark was team captain at Southern Methodist University and a two-time Academic All-American. After graduating first in his class with a degree in business administration and a concentration in finance, he got a job at Goldman Sachs in New York.

It was never a foregone conclusion that he’d succeed his father atop a sports business empire that included not only the Chiefs, which Lamar had brought to life as the Dallas Texans in the new AFL in 1960, but also significant roles in professional soccer and tennis. (The elder Hunt co-founded the North American Soccer League and World Championship Tennis, and is in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, the National Soccer Hall of Fame and the International Tennis Hall of Fame.)

But in 1989, Hunt returned to Dallas to help his father set up a private office, which was separating from the larger Hunt enterprise. The prior year, a federal jury ordered Lamar Hunt and his brothers, Nelson and William, to pay $130 million in damages for illegally conspiring to corner the silver market. Nelson and William declared personal bankruptcy in 1989, and each of the three had to pay a $10 million fine in a settlement with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

The first sports task Lamar gave his son was the formation of Major League Soccer. Clark was asked to help analyze the novel idea of a single-entity league, fine-tune a business plan, and help MLS founders recruit other owners.


Hunt succeeded his father, Lamar, whose presence is still felt throughout the Chiefs organization.
STEVE SANDERS/KANSAS CITY CHIEFS

 

“That was really my first introduction to sports, and that’s quite an introduction,” Clark Hunt said. “And it did occur to me at the time that I’m getting to do this with my dad, Lamar Hunt, one of the few people who has been successful in starting a new league in this country.”

There still wasn’t much talk of succession. At the urging of longtime aide Jack Steadman, Lamar finally brought Clark, then 36, into the Chiefs fold around 2001. Hunt started to attend Chiefs management and NFL league meetings on a part-time basis, but it wasn’t until 2004 that he came to the team full time. By then, Lamar was quite sick with prostate cancer, and he died two years later at age 74.

“My dad wasn’t one who sat down and said, ‘This is how we’re going to do it, this is what you need to learn,’” Clark said. “That just wasn’t him. It was everything by example. So maybe that’s what he had in the back of his mind, but he never said [I’d take over.]”

Before Lamar died, he transferred majority ownership of the team to trusts created for his family. Today, the Chiefs are equally held by four trusts, one each for the benefit of Clark and his three siblings’ families. (His mother, Norma, died in 2023. Trusts for Clark and his younger brother Dan own FC Dallas of MLS; Clark is chairman and CEO of that club, and Dan is president.)

MORE: Chiefs' recent success transforms team into global brand

In 2005, Clark assumed the flexible role of chairman, allowing for as much or little involvement as he saw fit. He still emphasizes that title as well as his title of CEO over the more familiar public understanding that he is the team’s “owner.”

Day-to-day control in ’05 was held by his father’s longtime right-hand man, Carl Peterson, who had simultaneously held the titles of president, CEO and general manager.

Following last-place finishes in 2007 and ’08, Hunt removed Peterson, and after a brief stint by Denny Thum as president, Hunt in 2011 promoted COO Mark Donovan to the role, a position he still holds. Scott Pioli replaced Peterson as GM in 2009 and stayed for four seasons. Hunt became CEO in 2010, putting to bed any notion that he might keep the team at arm’s length as principal owner. 


Clark (center) had a ball with his dad, but got his biggest kick as an athlete from soccer.
AP IMAGES

 

In 2013, Hunt finally got the chess pieces where he wanted them. He reorganized the top of the organization so that the head coach, general manager and team president all directly reported to him. It was a necessary step to lure longtime Eagles head coach Andy Reid to the organization, and unlocked the success that was to come. One measure of that success: The Chiefs have the best regular-season record in the NFL since Reid took over, going 128-51.

Today, Hunt says it wasn’t always his plan to consolidate his power. It was just the solution he came across as he looked for answers. The Chiefs won just 10 games total from 2007-09, and it had been 40 years since they had last made a conference title game.

“It was to some degree a gradual process of more involvement,” Hunt said. “Once I was chairman, it was my responsibility. When you’re not doing well on the field, that’s a great motivator to figure out what kind of changes you need to make to turn it around, which ultimately led to the change in reporting structure.”

Overall, Hunt is proud of the moves he made to have the president, head coach and general manager report directly to him, and he has assured the current trio will stay together. In April, he announced contract renewals for Donovan, Reid and Veach. 

The group meshes well together. “We’re not going to sneak around the chicken coop at all,” Reid said. “We’ve all got a good working relationship, and that allows him to the be the godhead there.”


 

■ ■ ■ ■

 

Hunt’s permanent residence and day-to-day office are still in Dallas, but Kansas City is just one hour away by private plane and he travels there weekly during the season. If he is ever looking for a place to stay he can do so at the multistory, three-bedroom apartment suite at Arrowhead Stadium that his father had built. It may be one part of why Lamar Hunt often referred to Arrowhead as his favorite place on Earth.

The future of that venue — the third oldest in the NFL behind only Soldier Field and Lambeau Field — represents Hunt’s most immediate long-term concern. The team’s lease at what is formally known as GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium expires in January 2031. It needs either comprehensive renovations to add another 25 years to its life, or a total replacement.

MORE: Manica designs potential Chiefs stadium in Kansas

The Chiefs’ first plan was to fix up Arrowhead with $300 million of their own and $500 million from the government, but Jackson County voters in April soundly rejected that plan — which also would have funded a downtown ballpark for the neighboring Royals — in a landslide.

Since then, the Chiefs have been working behind the scenes with local leaders to find alternatives. That includes building somewhere else in the region, including on the Kansas side of the Kansas City metropolitan area.


Commissioner Roger Goodell (left) has leaned on Hunt’s wisdom and expertise.
AP IMAGES

 

Hunt acknowledges it would be hard to leave the stadium. “There’s a huge emotional tie to Arrowhead,” Hunt says. “For our entire family, and my dad’s legacy.”

But Hunt knows well that the most important lessons he got from his father were about prioritizing good fan service and a high-quality stadium. A year and a half ago, the family trust had a meeting to discuss the stadium. One sibling said: “Dad would really love it if we could continue the life of Arrowhead,” Donovan recalls. But another stopped the debate cold: “Yes, but Dad’s also the one who moved us from Dallas to Kansas City [in 1963] because it was a better thing for the franchise.” 

Beyond the stadium, Chiefs players are hopeful of improvements to the team practice facility, giving the Chiefs low marks for the quality of player workspaces and amenities in a recent NFLPA survey. Hunt was rated worst in the league among owners for his perceived unwillingness to invest in facilities. Renovations to the team's practice facility have been underway this summer.

After the Chiefs joined the NFL in the merger of 1970, the elder Hunt was always in demand at league headquarters and his counsel frequently sought by other owners, and with good reason. Not only was he one of the few people to have successfully launched a competitor to an established major league in any sport, he literally coined the term “Super Bowl.”  

“[My father] always felt like it was his responsibility — if the commissioner asked him to do something, he was going to do it,” Hunt said. “And I certainly have followed in his footsteps there. I probably didn’t have any idea about how engaged I was going to end up being at the league level, but I’ve enjoyed it and it’s something that to some degree comes naturally.”

Hunt stepped in for his ill father in 2006 on the search committee that ultimately chose Roger Goodell to replace Paul Tagliabue, a rapid-fire introduction to the most important voices in the league and their secretive way of working together. By impressing the other owners on that committee and Goodell early on, his influence has only grown since then.

The next year, Goodell appointed the younger Hunt to the management council executive committee, which directs negotiations with the NFLPA. In 2012, Goodell gave Hunt his first chairmanship, over the international committee. He held that role for seven years, during which the league expanded from one game annually in London to four games outside the U.S., including one in Mexico.

In 2018, Goodell made him chairman of the finance committee. That might be the league’s most important committee, and being chairman makes Hunt the most important owner in determining who buys and sells equity in NFL teams, and on what terms. He also has chaired the recent special committee on ownership policy, which directed the change to allow private equity funds to hold stakes in teams, a major evolution.

“Clark’s strategic vision has helped grow and diversify our business,” Goodell said in a statement. “He has also helped bring American football to the world through his service on the international committee and played a critical role in securing two collective-bargaining agreements as part of the management council executive committee. … Clark’s impact is vast, and we are privileged to have him as part of the NFL family.”


KC Masterpiece
59: Clark Hunt’s age, making him the fourth-youngest principal owner in the NFL; he runs the team on behalf of the four family trusts that own the franchise
.715: The Chiefs’ regular-season winning percentage over the last 11 seasons, the best in the NFL
1972: The year Arrowhead Stadium opened; it is now the third-oldest venue in the NFL, behind the Bears’ Soldier Field (1924) and the Packers’ Lambeau Field (1957)
100%: Attendance at Arrowhead Stadium last year for Chiefs home games; the venue’s capacity of 74,600 is the third-highest in the NFL
8: True stand-alone games on national television for the Chiefs in 2024, which is tied with the Dallas Cowboys for the most in the NFL and includes the league’s first game on Netflix, to take place Dec. 25 in Pittsburgh

 

■ ■ ■ ■

 

During the PowerPoint meeting with Krug, the CMO brings up Europe. One of her slides shows Spain highlighted as a potential target market.

That prompts a question from Hunt: “If we looked at Spain, could there be a language synergy with our work in Mexico?”

There would be, Krug acknowledged, but then referred to a different slide showing how far Spain lags other EU countries in NFL merchandise sales and fan interest.

Hunt asks another question: “When is the next year we’re guaranteed an international game?”

Five years, Donovan answers from a corner seat. 

Hunt says no more. He has signaled neither approval nor disapproval of his executives’ decision to pass, for now, on Spain. He only sought to understand their thinking. 

It’s a common theme, said Donovan, who’s been in daily contact with Hunt for 13 years. It’s sometimes hard to read Hunt in meetings, and the chairman knows that independent thought tends to get shut down once he declares his position. So, he doesn’t.

He takes a similar approach with on-field matters. The next morning Hunt rises early to drive himself one hour north to St. Joseph, Mo., where the Chiefs hold training camp at Missouri Western State University. After watching practice that morning, Hunt escapes to a room where Veach has the full depth chart displayed on a magnetic white board. For more than half an hour, Veach walks Hunt through every position, even though many of those players are unlikely to play a featured role in the Chiefs’ season. Nevertheless, Hunt asks several fine-point questions about the battle for backup positions. (SBJ was granted access to this meeting on the condition of keeping specific personnel off the record.)

“He wants to know you’ve been doing your homework,” said Reid. “He’s very involved, but he doesn’t make it feel like he’s prodding you.”

Hunt is clear-eyed about what makes his team a dynasty: Reid and two-time MVP Patrick Mahomes. “There are probably two things you must have if you want to win a championship, and one of those is certainly a star quarterback and the other is a great coach,” he said. “And we have both right now.” 

With their championship window still wide open, Hunt is making sure the franchise is taking advantage across the board. As he does every year at the start of training camp, Hunt addressed the players, and this year’s message about avoiding complacency and distractions was meant to go beyond the locker room.

“It applies to everybody in the building,” Hunt said. “And to some degree the business staff can assist in helping manage the distractions for the football side. There’s also a risk that the business side of the operation may create more distractions.”

It’s an immense leadership challenge, because Hunt and Donovan have instructed the business side to move as aggressively as possible to leverage the fame and prestige that all this winning (and a certain global pop star) have generated.

That’s why they’ve tackled foreign markets with such gusto and why they became the first NFL team to involve their brand in a Hallmark Christmas movie (“Holiday Touchdown: A Chiefs Love Story,” coming this season). Becoming a global brand requires big thinking — and discipline.

“There’s starting to be a lot of opportunities and your gut reaction is, oh yeah, we’ve got to do all of them,” Hunt said. “And we’ve had to step back a little bit and be thoughtful and selective about which ones we’re going to do and which ones we’re not going to do.”

With Reid and Donovan, former colleagues in Philadelphia and both well into their second decades with Kansas City, that line between good marketing and distraction is nearly intuitive around Chiefs headquarters. Everybody understands the priorities and has a clear sense of what’s too much.

“There has not been an example that I can recall where Clark had to come in and break a tie,” said Donovan. “We all understand where we are. … We’re going to do more this year than we did last year off the field. We have to take advantage of this opportunity, but we all also prioritize winning more than anything else. We know winning is going to give us the opportunities.”


Since Hunt brought Andy Reid to Kansas City as head coach, the Chiefs have had the NFL’s best record.
STEVE SANDERS/KANSAS CITY CHIEFS

 

■ ■ ■ ■

 

At practice that morning, Hunt walks over to the field. Second-year wide receiver Rashee Rice comes over and says, “Hello Mr. Clark,” starting a brief private exchange.

Behind rope lines, fans start to notice the Chiefs chairman as he approaches. A middle-aged man says, “I miss your dad! And your mom!”

Hunt signs a few autographs, but before the crowd gets too big, he finds a way to make an elegant escape. “I’m going to sign a few more,” he says, “then I’ll be back after practice.”

Growing into the soft skills of ownership did not come easily for Hunt, and it may have been what he struggled the most with during the early part of his tenure. It can still be a challenge, especially during the Chiefs’ swift ascent into a bigger brand.

“When all of a sudden that media spotlight — and I would add to that, the fan spotlight — is on you, that’s a lot,” Hunt said. “And not something I was prepared for necessarily and had to learn how to manage.”

Accepting the Lombardi Trophy on the most-watched TV broadcast of the year three times has certainly elevated his public profile. But he knows how to put people at ease.

Tami Greenberg is CEO of the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Kansas City, the recipient of the Chiefs’ annual “Red Friday” fundraiser, in which fans can buy $5 Chiefs flags at McDonald’s before the home opener to fund the nonprofit. Years ago, the first time Greenberg — admittedly not a sports fan — met Hunt she thought he was just one of several Chiefs staffers at the promotional press conference. But then TV cameras turned to him. “Oh, I’m standing next to a celebrity,” she remembers thinking.

Each successive year, Greenberg has made the same joke to Hunt as they gather to promote Red Friday: “These cameras make me feel like I’m Lady Gaga,” she whispers to him. But he acts like it’s the first time he’s heard it. “Clark chuckles because he’s kind,” she said.

Back on the rope line after the practice, there’s still several dozen fans waiting for autographs. Travis Kelce lingers with fans for a bit, but then he too jumps on a golf cart, leaving Hunt on his own. For another 36 minutes, the owner signs whatever’s put in front of him — a football, a jersey, a poster. Somebody gives him a beaded friendship bracelet. A man snaps a picture of his son with Hunt and says, “Thank you for everything you do for Kansas City.”

Hunt only leaves when every fan is satisfied. “I know they come for the players, but they have places to be,” he said later. “I don’t want them to leave empty-handed.”

Pleasing fans while enabling players to stay focused on camp may not be the same as vetting Josh Harris to buy the Commanders or building a capital stack for a new stadium, but in some ways, it’s an equally important part of running the league’s signature team.

After all, says Hunt, “There are a lot of distractions that come with having success. And managing those distractions I think will be one of the most important things we do this year.”

The first game of the regular season is 36 days away. There are still 31 other teams, all growing frustrated with the Chiefs’ continued dominance and eager to supplant them atop the NFL mountain. A storm is coming. Clark Hunt is ready. 

NEXT
Browns tap Columbus-based Huntington Bank as new stadium naming-rights sponsor
SPONSORED CONTENT
ADDITIONAL SECTIONS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: December 27, 2024
December 27, 2024

Recapping Christmas Day NBA and NFL viewership; MLB agrees to new CBA with umpires

Ian Eagle and 2024 in review
December 25, 2024
On the pod this week, co-hosts Austin Karp and Mollie Cahillane look back at 2024 and answer listener questions from the mailbag. Plus, ahead of Netflix’s first NFL game broadcasts, play-by-play announcer Ian Eagle discusses his expectations for the broadcast and how it’s a special day for his family, as son Noah is also calling a game.
SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024
Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event in Denver, ONE 168.
SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS

You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
December 23
December 20
December 19
December 18
December 17
December 16
December 13
December 12
December 11
December 10
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2024 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Articles/2024/09/02/chief-executive-clark-hunt 
 ----- 
