Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
England v Bosnia LIVE: Score and latest updates from Euro 2024 warm-up as Alexander-Arnold adds lovely goal
KARL MATCHETT AND CHRIS WILSON
June 3, 2024 at 4:29 PM

England begin their preparations for Euro 2024 this evening, with Bosnia and Herzegovina their opponents in a first warm-up friendly encounter, with another to come against Iceland on Friday.

After that it’s onto the tournament itself with Gareth Southgate’s side facing Serbia, Denmark and Slovenia in the group stage - though before that, the manager must cut his squad from 33 down to 26, making Monday night’s match a crucial one for a handful of hopefuls who still have something to prove before the final group is confirmed for Germany.

Matters are further complicated by a handful of players not being available this time around, with Luke Shaw still injured, John Stones joining the squad late and Jude Bellingham winning the Champions League final on Saturday night. That means opportunity knocks for others, though, and they must quickly impress Southgate to make the plane.

Follow all the action between England and Bosnia below:

England vs Bosnia-Herzegovina LIVE

England face Bosnia and Herzegovina in a pre-Euro 2024 friendly, live on Channel 4

Gareth Southgate without several faces including Bellingham, Stones, Maguire, Saka and Foden

85’ - GOAL! Alexander-Arnold provides stunning finish from Grealish cross (ENG 2-0 BOS)

60’ - GOAL! Palmer hammers home the penalty to put England ahead (ENG 1-0 BOS)

58’ - PENALTY! Konsa pulled down in the box and England awarded a penalty (ENG 0-0 BOS)

9 - SAVE! Watkins forces save from Vasilj after neat pass by Palmer (ENG 0-0 BOS)

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:26 , Chris Wilson

82 mins: Two more changes for Bosnia. Gigovic and Ahmedhodzic come off for Burnic and Muharemovic.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:24 , Chris Wilson

81 mins: A lot more narrow from England now, with Grealish providing a little less width than Eze.

Alexander-Arnold does well to pick out Grealish with the diagonal. The City winger drives into the box and cuts on the outside before playing a pass to Maddison, but the Spurs man mistimes his touch and can only get a scuffed shot away.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:21 , Chris Wilson

78 mins: Alexander-Arnold almost releases Kane down the middle, but it’s a poor touch from the captain.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:19 , Chris Wilson

76 mins: Branthwaite is booked for a late challenge on Gigovic.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:18 , Chris Wilson

73 mins: Another sub for England as Joe Gomez comes on for Lewis Dunk. Konsa moves to centre-back.

Bosnia make a triple change, as Radeljić, Demirovic and Bicakcic come off for Tabaković, Hadžikadunić and Mujakić.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:15 , Chris Wilson

72 mins: Kane receives the ball on the edge of the box, turns and hits a powerful shot at Vasilj, but it’s an easy save.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:13 , Chris Wilson

69 mins: Wharton plays it to Konsa overlapping on the left, and his cross finds the head of Harry Kane but he can’t direct the header towards goal.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:10 , Chris Wilson

67 mins: Grealish and Wharton exchange passes down the left before the Palace midfielder whips in a lovely early cross, which just overruns Harry Kane in the box.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:08 , Chris Wilson

66 mins: A great challenge from Gallagher allows the ball to break to Bowen. He plays it back to the Chelsea man, whose cutback is put behind for a corner.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:07 , Chris Wilson

64 mins: England have a free-kick in a dangerous position. Maddison clips it towards the back post, and it narrowly misses Harry Kane on the way out.

England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:07 , Chris Wilson

62 mins: Southgate makes five changes right after the goal, and we’ve got two debutants!

Kieran Trippier, Ebere Eze, Cole Palmer, Marc Guehi and Ollie Watkins come off for Adam Wharton, Jack Grealish, James Maddison, Jarrad Branthwaite and Harry Kane.

For Bosnia, Huseinbašić comes on for Šarić.

GOAL! England 1-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:03 , Chris Wilson

60 mins: GOAL! Cole Palmer steps up on his first England start, and he rifles the penalty across his penalty and into the bottom right corner.

PENALTY! England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:02 , Chris Wilson

58 mins: The referee is going to the screen and it looks like England will be awarded a penalty!

It looks like there are two hands on Konsa’s shirt as he runs in. Pretty damning on the replay.

And it’s given! Tahirovic is booked too.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

21:00 , Chris Wilson

57 mins: Another corner for England ends with Bowen fizzling the ball across the box on the volley, but no one is there to reach it.

There’s a penalty check for a shirt pull on Konsa.

20:59 , Chris Wilson

55 mins: Bosnia break with Saric, but he’s forced to play it backwards. The away side keep possession though, before Katic loses it trying to go long.

England counter quickly, and it falls to Bowen on the right. He squares it to Palmer on the edge of the box, and he sells his marker with the dummy, but he tries one more dummy and the chance is gone.

Soon after, Gallagher wins a corner after his cross is turned behind.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:56 , Chris Wilson

53 mins: Lovely again from Palmer, who is on the wing and squares it to Trent. He plays a brilliant disguised pass inside to the overlapping Palmer, whose shot is deflected for a corner.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:55 , Chris Wilson

51 mins: Bowen’s shot bounces out to Alexander-Arnold, and he plays it wide to Konsa before receiving the cross. He tries to divert it goalward, but it comes off the defender and rolls to the ‘keeper.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:52 , Chris Wilson

48 mins: A decent counter from Bosnia is cut out by Konsa, and he sends Bowen through on the counter, but he’s brought down.

Alexander-Arnold shows his value as he picks up the ball in the centre circle, turns and clips a ball on to the onrushing Watkins, but he can’t get a foot to direct it past Vasilj.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:49 , Chris Wilson

46 mins: Lovely idea from Palmer as he tries the clever touch to take it around his marker, and it almost pays off as Bowen collects and the two combine.

It’s out for a corner though, which Alexander-Arnold swings in and Watkins meets, but the Villa man can’t get clean contact and it goes over.

KICK-OFF! England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:48 , Chris Wilson

Conor Gallagher gets the second half started!

HT: England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:47 , Chris Wilson

The teams are back out at St. James’ Park. Time for some of them to make a statement to Gareth Southgate.

No changes at half-time.

20:42 , Chris Wilson

(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
HT: England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:35 , Chris Wilson

This game has been the same as many of England similar friendlies over the years. Tedious at best in many phases.

Eze and Palmer have certainly stood out, with Alexander-Arnold also showing why he’s a useful tool to have (but perhaps not a starting XI one).

All three have strengthened their claim to be on the plane, though the latter two were probably going anyway.

England will need much more quality in attack if they’re going to win this.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:33 , Chris Wilson

45 mins: HALF-TIME! Bowen receives the ball on the outside of the box, takes a touch to direct him inside and unleashes a shot that is straight at Vasilj.

There was just one minute of added time, and we head into the break with the scores level.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:31 , Chris Wilson

44 mins: A lull in activity as the half draws to a close, though Palmer is inches away from pouncing on a loose ball that would’ve put him clean through.

Bowen finds the ball on the right and dribbles wide past the challenge before delivering an inviting ball in, but England can’t make anything of it despite Watkins regaining possession.

20:28 , Chris Wilson

41 mins: A decent chance for Bosnia as Guehi plays a loose pass that runs straight to a white shirt. Hajradinovic hits the shot, but it’s deflected behind after Dunk blocks, and Bosnia can’t make anything of the corner.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:26 , Chris Wilson

39 mins: Alexander-Arnold does well to keep possession in the middle and spread a pass to Konsa.

England build again and Palmer exchanges passes with Konsa, before clipping a ball in towards Watkins in the box, but it runs out of play again.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:23 , Chris Wilson

37 mins: A little bit laboured from England in the last few minutes. Plenty of passing sideways, and not a lot of penetration.

Only Eze and Palmer have strengthened their case to be on the plane so far.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:22 , Chris Wilson

35 mins: Watkins is fouled near halfway as he skipped through a challenge, and England have it in midfield. Alexandrer-Arnold tries the long diagonal to Trippier, but the full-back just fails to control it.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:21 , Chris Wilson

33 mins: Another couple of disjointed attacks for England, as Palmer tries to squeeze through the challenge and then sends a through ball out of play.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:20 , Chris Wilson

31 mins: England are having a few moments of confusion here, but they manage to weather a Bosnia attack easily enough.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:17 , Chris Wilson

29 mins: Guehi is booked for a poorly timed challenge. Not a good moment for the Palace man!

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:16 , Chris Wilson

27 mins: From the corner, the ball drops at the feet of Konsa , but he can only hit his shot straight at the goalkeeper!

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:14 , Chris Wilson

26 mins: Nothing comes from the corner, but England win possession back quickly. All but one member of the Bosnia side is behind the ball.

England work an opportunity and again it’s Eze at the centre of things, as he beats two challenges before driving towards the box. He plays it to Palmer, who tries to slip it through, but it’s out for a corner.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:11 , Chris Wilson

23 mins: Bosnia win a corner, but they’re wasteful and nothing comes of it as England end up winning a throw-in.

England counter, and Palmer collects the ball on the right before easily beating his man and clipping in a cross, which is headed behind for a corner.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:09 , Chris Wilson

21 mins: Guehi almost finds Watkins with a lovely clipped ball over the top, but it runs to Vasilj.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:08 , Chris Wilson

20 mins: A slow start from England in truth. Only Eze and Palmer have really looked like they can make something happen so far.

Bosnia go long on the ball over the top, but Konsa and Gallagher combine to win it back for England.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:05 , Chris Wilson

16 mins: Nothing of note to report since that Watkins chance. It’s been a tame start from both sides.

England go on the attack once more, and Eze beats his man before slipping it through to the overlapping Palmer. He can’t get his cross through though, and the home side work it back to Conor Gallagher before he fires a shot wide from outside the box.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

20:02 , Chris Wilson

13 mins: The full-back is fine to carry on and we resume with more relaxed England possession. Before long another Bosnia player is down, this time Bicakcic.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:58 , Chris Wilson

11 mins: Some controlled possession from England as they build from the back. Alexander-Arnold is seeing plenty of the ball in midfield.

Gazibegovic is down briefly after a collision with Jarrod Bowen.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:56 , Chris Wilson

9 mins: CLOSE! Lovely from Palmer, who receives the ball on the turn and slips it through to Watkins. He lets it run through his legs and shrugs off the challenge, but his shot is straight at the ‘keeper.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:54 , Chris Wilson

6 mins: Saric does well to start the counter from his own half, and he wins a foul halfway into the England half as he surges towards the box.

Hajradinovic swings it in and Dzeko gets a foot to it, but it rolls harmlessly to Pickford.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:52 , Chris Wilson

5 mins: Palmer delivers an inviting free-kick but it’s headed away. England collect it again, with Gallagher winning a free-kick in midfield.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:50 , Chris Wilson

3 mins: Trippier does well to read the Bosnia pass and intercept. Neither side is trying to force the issue yet.

Eze collects down the left and wins a free-kick after a foul from Ahmedhodžić.

England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:48 , Chris Wilson

1 min: England try the ball over the top towards Watkins but it’s too long. Eze has started on the left, with Palmer down the middle.

KICK-OFF! England 0-0 Bosnia-Herzegovina

19:46 , Chris Wilson

KICK-OFF! We’re underway in the northeast, with the visitors getting us started.

England are playing in their purple away kit, for some reason. Bosnia in white.

England vs Bosnia-Herzegovina LIVE

19:44 , Chris Wilson

Both the teams are out of the tunnel and the national anthems are underway.

Plenty of Bosnia fans have made the journey to St. James’ Park.

England vs Bosnia-Herzegovina LIVE

19:39 , Chris Wilson

Less than 10 minutes until kick-off here, and we’re within 90 minutes of being one step closer to knowing who’s on the plane to Euro 2024.

These four should all be making it.

(The FA via Getty Images)
Marc Guehi speaks to BBC

19:31 , Chris Wilson

Guehi, who is one of those battling to earn his place on the plane to Germany, spoke to Channel 4 in the lead-up to kick-off. He says that he’s “really glad to be here”.

“It’s always tough when you’re injured. I was trying to focus on coming back as quick as possible.

“It’s always a good opportunity to pull on the shirt. Everyone’s really excited. To actually potentially be involved would be amazing for all of us. We’ve got to focus on today first.”

19:25 , Chris Wilson

Plenty of support for the Three Lions in Newcastle. This is the first time England have played away from Wembley since June of last year, when they beat North Macedonia 7-0 at Old Trafford.

(The FA via Getty Images)
(Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
England’s key dates

19:20 , Chris Wilson

A reminder of the key dates for England ahead of a busy summer.

After today, they will play one more warm-up game before the official squad announcement and the beginning of Euro 2024.

7 June - final warm-up match against Iceland at Wembley, 7.45pm BST

8 June - announcement of final 26-man squad

16 June - opening game of Euro 2024, against Serbia at 8pm BST

20 June - second group game of Euro 2024, against Denmark at 5pm BST

25 June - final game of Euro 2024 group stage, against Slovenia at 8pm BST

The round of 16, if England were to qualify, would begin from 29 June, with England playing on 30 June in Gelsenkirchen at 5pm BST if they manage to top the group.

19:10 , Chris Wilson

An emotional night for Kieran Trippier, who captains the side at his home club stadium. His son is also a mascot tonight!

(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
BREAKING: Kylian Mbappe finally completes Real Madrid transfer

19:00 , Chris Wilson

The biggest football-related news of the day has landed, as Kylian Mbappe has finally signed for Real Madrid, bringing one of modern football’s longest transfer sagas to an end and adding even more talent to the champions of Europe.

Madrid announced Mbappe’s arrival on Monday, two days after the club sealed a record-extending 15th European Cup, having beaten Borussia Dortmund 2-0 at Wembley in Saturday night’s Champions League final.

They confirmed the news in a short statement that read: “Real Madrid CF and Kylian Mbappe have reached an agreement whereby he will be a Real Madrid player for the next five seasons.”

The captain of France’s five-year contract reportedly includes a €150m signing-on fee to be paid in instalments over the deal.

Read more below.

Kylian Mbappe finally completes Real Madrid transfer

Team news

18:55 , Chris Wilson

No first caps for a new England player yet then, with the uncapped quintet all on the bench to start with.

All five will be hoping to see some action tonight – there are no limits to the number of substitutions permitted – though it may be difficult for Trafford to get on considering neither of Ramsdale or Henderson are in the starting XI.

Expect at least one debutant later tonight though, with Branthwaite, Quansah, Wharton and Jones all battling for a place on the plane.

Team News

18:50 , Chris Wilson

Plenty of changes for England then, with Gareth Southgate making seven changes to the side that drew 2-2 to Belgium in the last international break.

Marc Guehi and Kieran Trippier come into defence in place of John Stones and Ben Chilwell, while Southgate opts for Alexander-Arnold and Gallagher in midfield in place of Declan Rice and Kobbie Mainoo.

Phil Foden and Jude Bellingham are replaced by Cole Palmer and Eberechi Eze in attack, with Watkins coming in for Ivan Toney up front.

Line-ups

18:39 , Chris Wilson

ENG XI: Pickford; Konsa, Guehi, Dunk, Trippier; Alexander-Arnold, Gallagher, Eze; Palmer, Watkins, Bowen.

SUBS: Ramsdale, Gomez, Branthwaite, Quansah, Rice, Toney, Grealish, Maddison, Kane, Jones, Henderson, Wharton, Trafford.

Tonight's team news...

First #ThreeLions starts for Cole Palmer and Ebere Eze! 👏 pic.twitter.com/ecHgnBPIGl

— England (@England) June 3, 2024

BOS XI: Vasilj; Ahmedhodzic, Bicakcic, Katic; Gazibegovic, Saric, Tahirovic, Radeljic; Hajradinovic; Demirovic, Gigovic.

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight? Kick-off time, channel and how to watch Euro 2024 warm-up fixture

18:35 , Chris Wilson

Just over an hour until kick-off now, so here’s a reminder of how you can watch tonight’s warm-up game.

The match kicks off at St. James’ Park in Newcastle at 7.45pm BST.

The game will be broadcast on Channel 4, with coverage starting at 7pm. Subscribers can also stream the game via Channel 4’s website and app free of charge, with a a sign-up via email all that is needed.

Here’s everything you need to know ahead of the game.

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight? Kick-off time, channel and how to watch

18:25 , Chris Wilson

Plenty of these players will be looking to cement a place on the plane to Germany on 8 June.

(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)

18:15 , Chris Wilson

The stage is set for the first pre-Euro 2024 match.

Kick-off loading...⏳ pic.twitter.com/6rVbtuMJx4

— England (@England) June 3, 2024

Lovely weather in the north of England!

📍 St. James’ Park 🏟️ pic.twitter.com/jwx6AUTm2H

— England (@England) June 3, 2024

England vs Bosnia-Herzegovina Match Stats

18:05 , Chris Wilson

Perhaps surprisingly, tonight’s meeting between these sides is the first time that the two have met.

This will be the first meeting between the two nations in any competition, though Bosnia and Herzegovina are unbeaten in their seven games against British nations this century (W4 D3). Their last loss on UK soil came against Scotland in 1999.

For England, this will be the first game at St. James’ Park since 2005, when the Three Lions beat Azerbaijan 2-0 in a World Cup qualifier.

England are unbeaten in their last eleven friendly matches against European nations (W8 D3) since losing 3-2 away at France in June 2017, but their last two matches – friendlies against Brazil and Belgium respectively – produced disappointing results.

Similarly, Bosnia and Herzegovina have lost their last four matches, conceding 13 goals across these games, including a 2-1 loss to Ukraine in their Euro 2024 qualifying play-off.

When does Euro 2024 start?

17:50 , Chris Wilson

The summer’s main football competition begins on 14 June in Munich, where hosts Germany will play Scotland in the opening game of Group A.

The games come thick and fast from 15 June onwards, with three matches per day on all but one day between 15 June and 23 June.

Selected fixtures from the opening round include:

GROUP B – Spain vs Croatia, 15 June 8pm BST

GROUP C –Serbia vs England, 16 June 8pm BST

GROUP D – Austria v France, 17 June 8pm BST

GROUP E – Belgium vs Slovakia, 17 June 5pm BST

GROUP F – Portugal vs Czechia, 18 June 8pm BST

When is the England squad announced?

17:35 , Chris Wilson

Tonight’s game is the first of two warm-up friendlies that England are playing ahead of the final 26-man squad for the tournament being announced.

England will play Iceland at Wembley on 7 June, and the following day, Southgate will name his official squad for the European Championship in Germany.

Below is everything you need to know about the squad announcement.

When will England’s final Euro 2024 squad be announced?

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who is almost on the plane?

17:20 , Chris Wilson

A handful of players have all but secured their places in the side, with factors including impressive Premier League performances or a lack of competition in the side helping their chances.

Aaron Ramsdale

The goalkeeper lost his battle for a starting place at Arsenal with David Raya, but even so, he is likely to go to the Euros as Pickford’s deputy.

Kieran Trippier

One of Southgate’s favourites, Trippier is likely to be part of the squad for his experience, versatility and his set-piece delivery. His form for Newcastle this season has not been to his typical high standards and he had battled injury over the past two months, but he can cover both right-back and left-back.

Conor Gallagher

Gallagher seems to have done enough to usurp more well-established internationals and regular starts for Chelsea this season have increased his chances of being selected for the Euros in a position where England lack depth.

Kobbie Mainoo

Mainoo has had an impressive breakthrough year at Manchester United after graduating from the club’s academy, and the teenager reproduced that form in his first senior start for England against Belgium. Given the lack of midfield options, Mainoo may well have played himself into the Euros squad – and perhaps even the starting XI.

James Maddison

The midfielder struggled with an injury at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, which prevented him from making an appearance, but he’s done enough for Tottenham this season to earn another squad place at the Euros. Maddison will provide an alternative option as an attacking midfielder, though his minutes may be limited.

Cole Palmer

Chelsea’s talisman won the Premier League’s young player of the year award after scoring 26 goals and racking up 15 assists in all competitions. Palmer has two England caps, although a minor injury scuppered his chances of showing what he can do during March’s internationals.

Ollie Watkins

Watkins has been sensational since Unai Emery took over as Aston Villa manager last year, and the striker makes a strong case for the role of Kane’s deputy at the Euros after finishing the Premier League season with the most assists (13) and joint-fourth most goals (19).

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who’s on the plane and who will miss out?

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who’s on the plane?

17:05 , Chris Wilson

Jude Bellingham

The 20-year-old has quickly elevated himself to be one of England’s essential players. He is consistently producing outstanding performances both for his country and his club, Real Madrid, racking up goals and assists after driving runs from midfield.

Declan Rice

Rice has been one of Arsenal’s outstanding players this season, and his importance at international level has grown immeasurably over the past few years to the point where he is crucial to how England play. After Kane, Rice is arguably England’s hardest player to replace.

Phil Foden

Foden enjoyed his best season yet in a Manchester City shirt, becoming a talisman for the club that delivers time and again. His velcro control is unique in the national squad and Southgate’s only conundrum is where to fit Foden’s attacking talents into a team containing Bellingham, Saka and more.

Bukayo Saka

Saka is fast becoming a senior England player despite being only 22, and is set for a key role at Euro 2024. He has produced another excellent season for Arsenal, with 20 goals and 14 assists from 47 games, and Saka will be first choice on England’s right wing in Germany.

Harry Kane

England’s captain remains their talisman on the pitch, both with his leadership and with his goals in a record-breaking debut season at Bayern Munich, even if it was also a trophyless one. The only concern is fitness after a back injury prevented Kane from playing in Bayern’s final game of the season.

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who’s on the plane and who will miss out?

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who’s on the plane?

16:50 , Chris Wilson

While some players will still be worried about earning their place on the plane to Germany, there are several who are certain to be in the squad come 8 June.

So who is definitely on the plane?

Jordan Pickford

The Everton goalkeeper has been England’s No 1 for a long time and that position is safe, given the way his closest challenger, Aaron Ramsdale, was usurped by David Raya at Arsenal this season.

John Stones

The Manchester City defender has been a stalwart for Southgate over the years, integral to deep runs at the 2018 World Cup and the last Euros, and the lack of centre-back alternatives only strengthens his position in the squad.

Harry Maguire

The Manchester United defender is one of Southgate’s most trusted players and he remains the most likely partner for Stones at Euro 2024, in what will be their fourth tournament together. His calf injury is not expected to deny him a place on the plane.

Kyle Walker

Experience, recovery pace and an ability to play on the right of a back three all make the Manchester City captain an essential part of Southgate’s plans.

Trent Alexander-Arnold

Alexander-Arnold has struggled to get games for England at right-back, but a switch into midfield has seen him more involved for his country. The Liverpool vice-captain offers unique creativity as well as pinpoint set-piece delivery and could be an option alongside Rice as a deep-lying midfielder.

England’s Euro 2024 squad: Who’s on the plane and who will miss out?

England vs Bosnia-Herzegovina – who is fighting for a place on the plane?

16:35 , Chris Wilson

Several players are almost guaranteed a place on the plane to Germany, but will be fighting for a starting place before the tournament begins.

Among these is Chelsea starlet Cole Palmer, who capped an impressive Premier League campaign by winning the young player of the season award.

His league form would usually be deserving of a starting berth, but such is the form of Bukayo Saka, Phil Foden and Jude Bellingham that the Chelsea man will likely not start (at least at first), whether on the wing or more centrally.

Kobbie Mainoo is fresh off the back of scoring the winner in the FA Cup final, but he is another player who will be fighting for both his place on the plane and potentially a starting position. With Rice and Bellingham almost guaranteed to start in midfield, there is one starting place up for grabs between Mainoo, Adam Wharton and Chelsea’s Conor Gallagher.

The last worries come in defence, where injuries to Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw have cast doubts over whether either will be fit to start the opening game against Serbia on 16 June.

This means there are gaps in the squad for adaptable defenders such as Ezri Konsa and Joe Gomez, who can play in a range of positions across the back.

Centre-backs Jarrad Branthwaite, Marc Guehi and Jarell Quansah have all had good seasons, but there will likely only space for two of them behind Kyle Walker, John Stones, Kieran Tripper and the aforementioned Manchester United men.

England may be set for some debutants in Newcastle

16:20 , Chris Wilson

Five of the players called up into the 33-man squad are uncapped so far.

Burnley ‘keeper James Trafford, who is the likeliest goalkeeper to be dropped from the squad, will hope to make his first appearance.

Defenders Jarrad Branthwaite and Jarell Quansah are both uncapped too, with the Everton man looking more likely to potentially gain a place in the tournament squad.

The final two uncapped players are Curtis Jones and Adam Wharton, who it seems like are competing for one spot in midfield. Liverpool midfielder Jones has featured heavily for England U21s in the past, with Wharton having taken great strides in his career since joining Crystal Palace from Blackburn in January.

Prediction & Odds

16:05 , Chris Wilson

Even a depleted or experimental England side should have enough to win the game, with the away side not taking part in this summer’s European championships. Expect wholesale changes as Southgate aims to make the final decisions on his squad for the tournament, but a straightforward England win nonetheless. England 3-1 Bosnia.

Odds

England win 1/10

Draw 6/1

Bosnia win 16/1

Predicted Line-ups

15:55 , Chris Wilson

ENG: Ramsdale, Walker, Guehi, Branthwaite; Trippier; Rice, Mainoo, Eze; Foden, Kane, Palmer.

BOS: Sehic; Ahmedhodzic; Hadzikadunic, Kolasinac; Dedic, Cimirot, Krunic, Gazibegovic; Hajradinovic; Dzeko, Demirovic.

Team News

15:45 , Chris Wilson

Southgate has confirmed that six players will miss the game, with Real Madrid’s Jude Bellingham unavailable having won played in the Champions League final on 1 June. He’ll join the squad on 8 June.

Manchester United defenders Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw are still nursing injuries as they battle to be fit in time for the opening match of Euro 2024 (and indeed, to make the final squad). Manchester City’s John Stones is unavailable having joined the squad late.

Anthony Gordon is recovering from an injury, and Southgate has said that Saka will be also be rested.

Who should start for England vs Bosnia in Euro 2024 audition - Cole Palmer, Joe Gomez, Ollie Watkins?

15:30 , Chris Wilson

With Jordan Pickford an automatic choice in goal, the three behind him are not just vying for two plane tickets, but the right to be his go-to backup in-tournament. In defence, the alternatives at full-back must be decided, especially on the left given Luke Shaw’s ongoing injury issue, while four centre-backs in the squad tally just seven caps between them, with two as yet untested.

Further forward, Southgate must choose whether he wants to see Liverpool’s Alexander-Arnold in midfield dovetailing with Declan Rice before the tournament starts, or if it’s more important to give other fringe options a chance to succeed and earn a place in the squad, while the likes of Jarrod Bowen and Eberechi Eze will be hoping for a go with Anthony Gordon currently out with an injury. Competition for places in the wide areas of attack are fierce - and then there’s the Harry Kane understudy to fully decide on.

Read below for The Independent’s thoughts on who might start tonight.

Who should start for England v Bosnia in Euros audition - Palmer, Gomez, Watkins?

Who should start for England vs Bosnia in Euro 2024 audition - Cole Palmer, Joe Gomez, Ollie Watkins?

15:15 , Karl Matchett

England have just two matches this week before Euro 2024 is upon them - with Gareth Southgate still needing to refine his squad and decide which seven he is going to cut from his preliminary group.

The first of those warm-up friendlies takes place on Monday night with the Three Lions in action against Bosnia and Herzegovina, with a host of absentees meaning spots are definitely up for grabs if players impress when handed the chance to start.

But who should get the nod?

Who should start for England v Bosnia in Euros audition - Palmer, Gomez, Watkins?

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

15:00 , Karl Matchett

Recent results haven’t been great for Southgate and Co - no wins in the last three.

Those latest games did come after a run of eight wins in nine, to be fair, which spanned most of qualifying. But of late it has been average at best: 1-1 away to North Macedonia, a 1-0 defeat to Brazil and a 2-2 draw with Belgium.

Only one goal in those three matches scored by an England player in open play, that being Jude Bellingham’s late equaliser in the last match.

Southgate will be hoping for a significantly better return in these two outings.

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

14:45 , Karl Matchett

England’s summer fixture lineup....so far!

3 June vs Bosnia and Herzegovina, Newcastle - friendly

7 June vs Iceland, Wembley - friendly

16 June vs Serbia, Gelsenkirchen - Euro 2024 Group C

20 June vs Denmark, Frankfurt - Euro 2024 Group C

25 June vs Slovenia, Koln - Euro 2024 Group C

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

14:30 , Karl Matchett

Gareth Southgate believes England’s Euros bid will benefit from cricket star Ben Stokes’ “brilliant session” on adapting a fearless mindset whilst embracing pressure and nerves.

The Euro 2020 finalists’ preparations to go one better this summer are under way, with the majority of the squad convening at their temporary County Durham base on Wednesday.

England welcomed a special guest to Rockliffe Hall over the weekend as they put in the groundwork for Germany, with Test captain Stokes imparting his wisdom to those going for Euro 2024 glory.

Ben Stokes gives England teamtalk as Euro 2024 looms

Bosnia captain Edin Dzeko feels Monday’s opponents England can win Euro 2024

14:15 , Karl Matchett

Bosnia and Herzegovina captain Edin Dzeko believes England can win Euro 2024.

England host Bosnia in a friendly fixture at St James’ Park on Monday and the visitors arrived in Newcastle earlier on Sunday.

It is the start of a new era for Bosnia after they appointed former forward Sergej Barbarez as head coach in April following a failure to qualify for this summer’s European Championship in Germany.

After Monday’s clash with England, Bosnia will travel to Italy for a friendly and Dzeko, who spent five years at Manchester City, feels both teams can win Euro 2024.

Bosnia captain Edin Dzeko feels Monday’s opponents England can win Euro 2024

Luke Shaw has good chance of making England’s Euro 2024 squad

14:00 , Karl Matchett

Gareth Southgate says Luke Shaw has gone from a long shot to having a “good chance” of recovering from injury in time to make England’s Euro 2024 squad.

The 28-year-old has endured an injury-hit season with Manchester United and has been laid low with his latest muscle issue since mid-February.

Shaw was expected to return in early May only to suffer a setback, leaving the left-back in a race against time to make this summer’s European Championship squad.

Southgate included the Euro 2020 final goalscorer in his 33-man training group but admitted he was a “long shot” and somewhat of a “wild card”.

Shaw is set to miss both warm-up friendlies against Bosnia and Herzegovina and Iceland, but the England boss has been enthused by his progress.

Luke Shaw has good chance of making England’s Euro 2024 squad – Gareth Southgate

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

13:45 , Karl Matchett

England skipper Harry Kane continued to work his way back towards full fitness as Gareth Southgate and his players stepped up their preparations for Euro 2024.

The 30-year-old Bayern Munich striker was among 26 players who trained at Middlesbrough’s Rockliffe Park headquarters on Sunday ahead of Monday night’s friendly clash with Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Kane missed the final two games of his club’s season with a back injury sustained in the Champions League semi-final second-leg defeat by Real Madrid.

Harry Kane trains with England as he bids to return to fitness after back issue

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight?

13:30 , Karl Matchett

Gareth Southgate has warned it will not just be a “procession to Berlin” for England amid their injury problems as he admitted that the troubled seasons of Jordan Henderson and Kalvin Phillips have left him over-reliant on Declan Rice.

England will enter Euro 2024 as one of the favourites but Southgate is worried by injury problems in the midfield after omitting his vice-captain Henderson and dropping Phillips, a stalwart of his Euro 2020 squad, in March. The England manager revealed he has never had such a complicated build-up to a tournament with so many injuries, particularly in defence.

But in midfield, Southgate faces a question of who to partner with Rice – with the uncapped Adam Wharton and Curtis Jones named in his 33-man training squad and Trent Alexander-Arnold a midfield option – and believes he may have to change his tactics if Arsenal’s £105m signing is ruled out. He is reluctant to use Jude Bellingham in a deeper role in midfield but accepts he may have to.

Gareth Southgate reveals plan to unleash Jude Bellingham at Euro 2024

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

13:15 , Karl Matchett

England boss Gareth Southgate has been “pleased with the progress” Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw are making as the Manchester United duo look to prove their fitness for Euro 2024.

The pair missed the Red Devils’ victorious conclusion to a bumpy season through injury but were included in the 33-man training squad taking part in a 10-day pre-tournament camp.

Maguire and Shaw linked up with England early in a bid to prove their fitness as they recover from muscle injuries that have kept them out for a month and three months respectively.

They are set to miss Monday’s friendly at St James’ Park against Bosnia and Herzegovina and Iceland’s visit to Wembley on Friday but are progressing well, along with Newcastle forward Anthony Gordon, who was also absent from training.

Southgate offers positive update on England’s injured stars in Euro 2024 fitness race

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight?

13:00 , Karl Matchett

Kieran Trippier has confirmed he is fit and well to tackle England’s Euro 2024 finals campaign after finding himself at the centre of rumours he was out of the tournament.

The 33-year-old specialist right-back could once again line up at left-back for his country at a major tournament with Luke Shaw facing a race against time to work his way back from injury before the opening Group C fixture against Serbia on June 16.

Trippier joined up with the Three Lions squad himself on the comeback trail having not played 90 minutes since February because of a calf injury, and off the back of a gruelling post-season trip to Australia with the Magpies which sparked a major scare when he was substituted 37 minutes into a friendly clash with Tottenham in Melbourne.

I’m ready to go for England – Kieran Trippier allays any injury fears

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

12:40 , Karl Matchett

England manager Gareth Southgate is still weighing up the attacking options for his Euro 2024 squad and said that while Jack Grealish has not played as much as he would have liked this season, he is still in the running to make the cut.

Marcus Rashford was left out of the provisional 33-man squad for Germany and there has been talk that Grealish could be the next big name axed with Southgate set to cut the squad to 26 players by June 7.

Grealish made just 20 Premier League appearances for Manchester City this season, scoring three goals, and was an unused substitute in their FA Cup final defeat by Manchester United last month.

Gareth Southgate explains why Jack Grealish is still in the mix to make Euros squad

When will England’s final Euro 2024 squad be announced and how many players can be named?

12:30 , Karl Matchett

Gareth Southgate has named England’s training squad for this summer’s Euro 2024 as he begins whittling down his selection to the final 26 players.

England will play two warm-up games before the tournament, taking on Bosnia at St James’ Park on Monday 3 June, before facing Iceland at Wembley on Friday 7 June.

The following day, Southgate will name his official 26-man squad for the European Championship in Germany.

Here is everything you need to know about the squad announcement.

When will England’s final Euro 2024 squad be announced?

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

12:25 , Karl Matchett

If you’re travelling abroad and want to watch major sporting events, you might need a VPN to unblock your streaming app. Our VPN round-up is here to help and includes deals on VPNs in the market. Viewers using a VPN need to make sure that they comply with any local regulations where they are, and also with the terms of their service provider.

We may earn commission from some of the links in this article, but we never allow this to influence our content. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight?

12:15 , Karl Matchett

Gareth Southgate’s England side will face Bosnia and Herzegovina in the first of two warm-up friendlies ahead of the start of Euro 2024.

The Three Lions travel to Newcastle on 3 June for the first step in their preparations ahead of the summer tournament, which begins in Germany on 14 June.

England’s first game takes place against Serbia on 16 June, but before that, Southgate needs to narrow down his 33-man provisional squad to just 26 players.

This game will likely help to decide who occupies those final spots on the plane to Germany, but some England stalwarts will be injured for the game, with players such as Jude Bellingham and Bukayo Saka unavailable, the former having won the Champions League just 48 hours beforehand.

So expect plenty of changes, with the England manager experimenting with different players as he tries to trim his squad, and certain players trying to grab their last chance at a spot on the plane.

Here’s everything you need to know ahead of the game.

Is England vs Bosnia on TV tonight? Kick-off time, channel and how to watch

Five talking points ahead of England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina

12:05 , Karl Matchett

England ramp up their Euro 2024 preparations with a friendly against Bosnia and Herzegovina on Monday evening.

Ahead of the clash at St James’ Park, we have a look at five of the main talking points, including which debutants might feature, a mix of defensive options and which forward leads the line in what is sure to be an audition to be Harry Kane’s understudy.

Five talking points ahead of England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina

England vs Bosnia and Herzegovina LIVE

09:23 , Karl Matchett

Good afternoon and welcome to The Independent’s live coverage of England’s first warm-up match ahead of Euro 2024.

With just two matches to play and seven players to be cut from the preliminary squad, Gareth Southgate still has a lot to sort out just 11 days before the tournament starts in Germany.

The Three Lions play Bosnia and Herzegovina tonight, before facing Iceland on Friday...and naming their final 26-man squad on Saturday 8 June. Stay tuned for all the latest buildup and news.

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

This Olay anti-aging cream is down to $18: 'In one week, wrinkles are clearing'

AOL

The 10 carry-on essentials that make for a first-class experience, according to pilots

AOL

The best books of 2024, according to Goodreads
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
Elle
‘Squid Game’ Season 2’s end credits scene reveals a terrifying twist
Elle
In ‘A Complete Unknown,’ Sylvie Russo is fictional. Her experience is not
Finance
Yahoo Finance
How retirement savings will change in 2025
USA TODAY
BMW recalls 2024: Check the list of models recalled this year
Food
Simply Recipes
The $7.99 Target freezer find my whole family devours
Southern Living
What color is real key lime pie?
Lighter Side
USA TODAY
15 books we can't wait to read: Most anticipated releases of 2025
People
Woman tells co-worker why customers don’t like her to help improve her tips, gets une…
News
USA TODAY
2 dead, thousands of flights delayed as tornadoes, storms slam Southeast
CBS News
15 injured after Brightline train collides with Delray Beach fire engine
Weather
Fox Weather
Georgia, Carolinas face tornado threat as deadly severe weather outbreak continues ch…
Fox Weather
Tornadoes rip through South as destruction seen in multiple states amid deadly severe…

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/england-v-bosnia-live-score-202906592.html 
 ----- 
