SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
THE WAR THAT TORE APART PERHAPS THE BEST TEAM IN HISTORY BEFORE EURO 92
The war that tore apart perhaps the best team in history before EURO 92
Svend Bertil Frandsen,
06.06.2024 07:19
Robert Prosinecki was one of the stars of the Yugoslavia team at the 1990 World Cup
Profimedia
If you're Danish, it's hard not to get excited when you think back to EURO 92. But you shouldn't forget that the Danish triumph was born on the flames of a Yugoslavian football dynasty that crumbled as political and ethnic tensions exploded in the Balkan conflict.

One morning in late May 1992, a fax from the European Football Association, UEFA, arrived at the DBU informing the association that Denmark would replace Yugoslavia at the European Championships as the Balkan team had been disqualified as a participant due to sanctions imposed by the UN.

Yugoslavia was then on the threshold of a decade with a golden generation of players who, due to the conflict in the Balkans, were never really allowed to play together in a unified national team with players like Sinisa Mihajlovic, Davor Suker, Predrag Mijatovic, Robert Prosinecki, Vladimir Jugovic, Zvonomir Boban, Dejan Savicevic, Alen Boksic, Dragan Stojkovic and Darko Pancev.

About a month later, Denmark had become European champions after sending shockwaves through most of European football with a team that had already been sent on a summer holiday.

But while the European Championship triumph in Denmark created a fusion of people across age, social and cultural differences, the death of President Josip Broz Tito back in 1980 was the first step towards a Balkan war where ethnic and religious tensions tore Yugoslavia apart and eventually created seven new nations, Serbia, Croatia, Macedonia (now North Macedonia), Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia, Montenegro and Kosovo.

Dragan Stojkovic is currently the coach of the Serbian national team that will face Denmark at the European Championship
Profimedia

It created a human tragedy where thousands of people lost their lives in terrible battles and massacres and at the same time robbed the football world of one of the most fearsome teams in history, a team that would have been vastly superior to the later Danish European champions in every position.

The blueprint for the team that qualified for EURO 1992 came as early as 1987, when Yugoslavia won the FIFA Under-20 World Cup in Chile.

Before the tournament, there were no expectations for the team at all and a number of key players like Sinisa Mihajlovic, Vladimir Jugovic and Alen Boksic were told it made more sense to stay home and play in the Yugoslavian league.

Red Star also wanted Robert Prosinecki home for an important cup match, but FIFA said no and he subsequently developed into one of the tournament's best players. However, this was not a one-man team.

Prosinecki was also helped by players like Zvonimir Boban, Davor Suker, Robert Jarni and Predrag Mijatovic, who put Brazil to the sword before West Germany were beaten in the final on penalties.

At the time, Yugoslavia had the best team in the world in their age group, but they never got to reap the rewards of perhaps the most talented generation ever seen in modern football.

When you consider that the players already mentioned would have been flanked by the likes of Dejan Savicevic, Darko Pancev, Dragan Stojkovic and Screcko Katanec, it is one of the greatest tragedies in football history that a number of those players never got to play together.

One of the goalscorers from the Yugoslavian team that defeated Denmark 2-0 in Parken in 1990, Mehmet Bazdarevic, recalls the composition of the team.

"Four players who played that day were from Croatia, four of us were from Bosnia, then there was Predrag Spasic from Serbia, Pancev from Macedonia and Srecko Katanec from Slovenia. Although Denmark was a good team, we were much better than them."

Zvonimir Boban, who replaced Pancev in Copenhagen, is particularly interesting because he plays a central role in the political tensions that formed the prehistory of the Balkan conflict.

A month before the 1990 World Cup, the political fronts had been sharply divided by the later Serbian war criminal Slobodan Milosevic and Croatian nationalist Franjo Tudjman, and the conflict ignited the flame that would bring emotions to a boil in a match between Boban's Dynamo Zagreb and arch-rivals from Serbian club Red Star Belgrade.

On top of the crowd disturbance at the stadium, 21-year-old Boban karate-kicked a policeman in the back, who he felt had treated the Croatian spectators badly.

As the Dutch author Erik Brouwer, who described the incident in detail, later put it: "Many Croats feel that with that kick their nation was born". The following year, the powder keg exploded when Slovenia and Croatia declared independence.

Shortly before, Yugoslavia had achieved one of its greatest triumphs in its sporting history when Red Star won one of the most boring championship finals in history in Bari after a penalty shootout against an Marseille team featuring such greats as Chris Waddle, Jean Pierre Papin and Basile Boli.

But when the first missiles started raining down on the Balkans, the Red Star's star-studded squad was scattered across Europe, with players like Prosinecki, Mihajlovic and Savicevic achieving huge personal success at big teams like Real Madrid, AS Roma and AC Milan.

In terms of national teams, the remnants of the Yugoslavian dynasty crumbled into a series of newly independent nations.

No Balkan teams took part in the 1994 World Cup, but the 1998 World Cup signalled just how strong the Yugoslavs could have been when Croatia won bronze with players like Prosinecki, Boban, Jarni, Boksic and Suker.

Forgotten is the fact that a Serbian-Montenegrin team, fielded as FR Yugoslavia, lost to the Netherlands in the 1/8 finals.

Today, former Bosnian coach Faruk Hadzibegic, one of the stars of the team that qualified for 1992, can look back on the times when a united Yugoslavian team was ready to set European football ablaze.

"I can tell you one thing: If we had all stayed together, if we had played that tournament under normal circumstances, if we had had a chance to compete, I'm sure we would have won the European Championship. We would have won EURO 92."

MENTIONS
Football
Euro
Darko Pancev
Yugoslavia
Denmark
Features
Related Articles
EURO Rewind: Denmark produce miracle run in Sweden to lift first major trophy
27.05.2024 14:15
EURO Rewind: Greece pull off the biggest upset in the tournament's history in 2004
04.06.2024 10:42
EURO Rewind: Zidane the star as world champions France conquer Europe
03.06.2024 11:48
Show more
Football
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
2 h ago
Updated
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
4 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Lamine Yamal voted Young Player of the Year
5 h ago
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
17 h ago
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
18 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
20 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
20 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
23 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
23 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
Yesterday 15:04
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
FOOTBALL SCORES
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-euro-the-war-that-tore-apart-perhaps-the-best-team-in-history-before-euro-92/CvFL4z5t/ 
 ----- 
