Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
 SPORT / SOCCER
Croatia out to bring World Cup shine to Euros
The team has never been past the quarterfinals and fell in the last 16 at the previous two editions of the continental contest
06 JUNE 2024 - 18:16
by TOBY DAVIS
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
Croatia players celebrate Marco Pasalic's goal for 3-0 during an international friendly match against North Macedonia at Stadion HNK Rijeka on June 3 2024 in Rijeka, Croatia. Picture: SANJIN STRUKIC/GETTY IMAGES

Perennial overachievers Croatia have made a habit of bucking predictions and making pretournament odds look ridiculous, but while their World Cup record is the envy of many, they have never quite hit the same highs in the European Championship.

With a population of about 3.8-million, Croatia’s achievement in reaching the 2018 World Cup final and following that with a run to the semis four years later is one of the great underdog stories in the sport’s voluminous annals.

Yet their history in Europe’s continental contest lacks the same shine, with them having never been past the quarterfinals and falling in the last 16 at the previous two editions.

They will hope to put that right at Euro 2024 in Germany, in what will surely be the last hurrah for captain Luka Modric.

The 38-year-old, Croatia’s talisman and schemer-in-chief, has lifted every trophy going at club level with Real Madrid and would love to crown his incredible career with international honours.

The 2018 Ballon d’Or winner, who has won multiple LaLiga and Champions League trophies, has seen his playing time at Real limited this season but he remains the linchpin in a Croatia side that on paper lacks the star quality of some of their rivals.

Croatia coach Zlatko Dalic referred to Modric last year as “footballing perfection” and “superior [to others] in every possible way” but he has also proven a master at melding a team of lesser talents that is almost always greater than the sum of its parts.

Having had a journeyman career before taking on Croatia in 2017, Dalic’s World Cup achievements, while also reaching the Nations League final in 2023, make him the most successful coach in the country’s history.

In qualifying for the Euros, Croatia finished second in Group D, a point behind Turkey, earning five wins in their eight games, with two defeats.

Their top scorer was Andrej Kramaric with four goals and, while those efforts proved important, the team ethos was reflected in the fact that their 13 goals in the qualifiers were spread between seven players.

The first task for Croatia at the tournament will be escaping arguably the hardest of the six groups after they were drawn alongside Spain and Italy in Group B, with the fourth team Albania heavy favourites to exit at the first hurdle.

The group winners, runners-up and best four third-placed teams will advance to the round of 16.

Reuters

AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS POSTPONED SIX MONTHS TO EARLY 2026
The finals were due to be played in June 2025 but that clashed with the Club World Cup
SPORT6 months ago
BROOS SHRUGS OFF REVENGE AS BAFANA TAKE ON NIGERIA
Coach focuses on preparation for World Cup qualifier after Nigeria knocked Bafana out of Afcon this year
SPORT6 months ago
NETHERLANDS HAVE A SHOT AT EURO TITLE, SAYS COACH
The Dutch face Poland, France and Austria in Group D
SPORT6 months ago
FIFA BANS AFCON TOP SCORER NSUE AFTER PLAYING ILLEGALLY FOR EQUATORIAL GUINEA
Striker Emilio Nsue should not have been allowed to represent the country for 11 years
SPORT6 months ago
BROOS RUES SUNDOWNS’ WORKLOAD AS MSIMANGO REPLACES KEKANA
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos has released key centreback Grant Kekana from his squad for the forthcoming 2026 World Cup qualifiers against Nigeria ...
SPORT6 months ago
Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
2.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
3.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
4.
Sinner defeats De Minaur in ATP Finals opener
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
Related Articles
African qualifiers for World Cup resume on Wednesday
 SPORT / SOCCER
Hosts Germany ready to turn tide on home soil
 SPORT / SOCCER
Spain aim to put aside domestic crisis as they chase Euro glory
 SPORT / SOCCER

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2024 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXIV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-06-06-croatia-out-to-bring-world-cup-shine-to-euros/ 
 ----- 
