Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jeju Air plane crash
Norovirus
Charles Dolan dies at 98
Halifax plane incident
Trump H-1B
SPORTS
Euro host Germany warms up in 0-0 draw with Ukraine. England, Croatia ease to 3-0 prep wins
1 of 14 |  

England’s Trent Alexander-Arnold celebrates scoring with Harry Kane, right, during an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. (Mike Egerton/PA via AP)

2 of 14 |  

England coach Gareth Southgate applauds the fans at the end of an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. England won 3-0. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell)

3 of 14 |  

Germany’s Maximilian Beier makes an attempt to score during an international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine at the Max Morlock stadium in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

4 of 14 |  

Germany’s Maximilian Beier reacts after missing a scoring chance during an international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine at the Max Morlock stadium in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

5 of 14 |  

Germany’s head coach Julian Nagelsmann, left, gestures during an international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (Federico Gambarini/dpa via AP)

6 of 14 |  

England’s Eberechi Eze, right, tries to drive the ball past Bosnia and Herzegovina’s Armin Gigovic during an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell)

Read More
7 of 14 |  

Croatia’s Lovro Majer celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the international friendly soccer match between Croatia and North Macedonia at Rujevica stadium in Rijeka, Croatia, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Bandic)

8 of 14 |  

Germany’s team fans wait for the start of the international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine at the Max Morlock stadium in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

9 of 14 |  

German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, left, stands in the stands next to Oleksii Makeiev, right, Ukraine’s ambassador to Germany, during an international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (Christian Charisius/dpa via AP)

Read More
10 of 14 |  

Ukraine’s Mykola Shaparenko, left, challenges for the ball with Germany’s Jamal Musiala during an international friendly soccer match between Germany and Ukraine at the Max Morlock stadium in Nuremberg, Germany, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

Read More
11 of 14 |  

England’s Trent Alexander-Arnold celebrates scoring during an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. (Mike Egerton/PA via AP)

12 of 14 |  

Croatia’s Ante Budimir, left, is challenged by North Macedonia’s Gjoko Zajkov during the international friendly soccer match between Croatia and North Macedonia at Rujevica stadium in Rijeka, Croatia, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Bandic)

13 of 14 |  

England’s Cole Palmer scores during an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. (Mike Egerton/PA via AP)

14 of 14 |  

England’s Trent Alexander Arnold celebrates with Harry Kane, left, after scoring his side’s second goal during an international friendly soccer match between England and Bosnia and Herzegovina at St. James Park in Newcastle, England, Monday, June 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell)

Read More
BY  GRAHAM DUNBAR
Updated 9:45 PM UTC, June 3, 2024
Share

Host Germany and England kicked off the true buildup to the European Championship with their first warmup games on Monday, only after Real Madrid capped the club season by signing Kylian Mbappé.

About 90 minutes after France captain Mbappé finally confirmed he was joining the new Champions League winner, Germany put national team action on midsummer’s center stage in an enterprising 0-0 draw with Ukraine.

England got off to a slow start before a second half surge in a 3-0 win over Bosnia-Herzegovina, including a national record-extending 63rd goal for Harry Kane, who went on as a substitute.

Croatia, another of the European powers, eased to a 3-0 win over North Macedonia.

All three Euro 2024 contenders were without their Madrid stars — Toni Kroos, Jude Bellingham and Luka Modrić — who are resting this week after their title win on Saturday against Borussia Dortmund.

It was a night for untested lineups to search for some rhythm in their play and debuts given to several emerging talents ahead of rosters being finalized on Friday.

Germany’s 21-year-old forward Maximilian Beier almost scored with his first shot in international soccer, striking the underside of the bar in the 60th minute. It was one of 26 attempts on the Ukraine goal by coach Julian Nagelsmann’s team.

RELATED STORIES
Messi, Ronaldo only World XI nominees from clubs outside Europe as voted by players
England and new coach Tuchel land in 2026 World Cup qualifying group with Serbia and Albania
Mbappé's misfire at Anfield compounds his rocky start at Real Madrid

The roster deadline is one week before Germany opens its home tournament against Scotland in Munich on June 14.

Scotland stepped up its preparations with a modest 2-0 win against Gibraltar, which extended its run of losses to 13 games.

Albania, which is in the same Euro 2024 group as Croatia, cruised past Liechtenstein 3-0.

GERMANY GOAL-LESS

Hoffenheim forward Beier somehow did not score as a second-half substitute in his Germany debut. After immediately rattling the crossbar, Beier was denied three minutes later by goalkeeper Anatoliy Trubin’s diving save, then he sent a stooping header wide of the goal.

Nagelsmann also gave a debut to Bayern Munich’s 20-year-old midfielder Aleksandar Pavlović.

The head of Germany’s federal government, Chancellor Olaf Scholz, was at the game in Nuremberg, which is not among the 10 Euro 2024 venues.

Both Germany and Ukraine start their tournament in Munich. Ukraine begins against Romania on June 17, three days after Germany meets Scotland in Bayern’s home stadium.

Scotland took time to find an edge against minnow Gibraltar, missing a slew of first-half chances, and got second-half goals from Ryan Christie and Ché Adams. They have more responsibility after regular No. 9 Lyndon Dykes was ruled out of Euro 2024 last week after being injured in training.

ENGLAND EASY

Harry Kane has 62 more goals for England than Cole Palmer but the emerging Chelsea playmaker scored the first of what should be many for the Three Lions.

Palmer has been a penalty specialist for his club and was able to take a 60th-minute spot kick to open the scoring as Kane was still on the bench.

Trent Alexander-Arnold in midfield for England has been an experiment Liverpool fans want to see, and the long-time right back was advanced in the Bosnian penalty area to score with a volleyed shot in the 85th.

Kane pounced to score in goalmouth congestion in the 89th to seal a good outing in Newcastle for the Euro 2021 beaten finalist.

Coach Gareth Southgate gave first appearances to Crystal Palace midfielder Adam Wharton — whose club teammate Eberechi Eze impressed in the first half — and Everton defender Jarrad Branthwaite.

England starts Euro 2024 against Serbia on June 16.

KOVACIC’S CENTURY

Mateo Kovacic made his 100th appearance for Croatia in a comfortable win over North Macedonia, the surprise qualifier for Euro 2021.

Lovro Majer, who plays in Germany for Wolfsburg, scored twice in the first half before Germany-born Marco Pašalić got the third.

Croatia faces Spain in the standout game of day two of the tournament, June 15, in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin. Also in Group B, Albania plays Italy in Dortmund on the same day.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

GRAHAM DUNBAR
Dunbar is an Associated Press sports news reporter in Geneva, Switzerland. He focuses on the governing bodies, institutions and politics of international sports.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Tre Carroll scores 18 as Florida Atlantic fends off Texas State 89-80
Learn More: Bipolar I Disor...
GoodRx
:
Advertisement
Edwards, Watkins lead No. 3 South Carolina to its 63rd straig ht home win, 78-62 over South Florida
Mayo scores 26, Dickinson has 21 points and 14 boards as No. 10 KU beats NC State, 75-60
LSU receives transfer commitm ent from ex-Mississippi State QB Michael Van Buren
Keshon Gilbert scores 16 points to help lead No. 3 Iowa State...
AMES, Iowa (AP) — Keshon Gilbert scored 16 points to help lead No. 3 Iowa State to...
AP News
Paige Bueckers, Sarah Strong lead No. 2 UConn past Georget...
Paige Bueckers scored 24 points and Sarah Strong had 17 points, 14 rebounds and fi...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
Learn More: Major Depressive Disorder
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instan tly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Hunter's 3-point shooting leads Memphis to 87-82 OT win at N...
Tyrese Hunter had 23 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with 59.3 seconds lef...
AP News
Pharrel Payne's big game helps No. 17 Texas A&M pull away...
Zhuric Phelps and Pharrel Payne each scored 16 points to lead No. 17 Texas A&...
AP News
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Johni Broome's double-double sends No. 2 Auburn to a 91-53...
Johni Broome had 21 points and a career-h igh 20 rebounds to lead No. 2 Auburn to a...
AP News
Marshall withdraws from Indepe ndence Bowl matchup against...
Marshall has withdrawn from the Indepen dence Bowl after a coaching change...
AP News
Storage Sheds Almost Being Given Away
Storage Unit Deals
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Maximize your Series 7—give it more room to grow.
Fidelity Investments
Advertisement:
Apply Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathrooms (Take a Look)
Newest Walk-In Tub:Advertisement
District Of Columbia: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling Out Fast
Ultra Heater:Advertisement
Shop Now
Americans can once again order 4 free at-home tests
Test Kits:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/euro-friendlies-germany-ukraine-england-croatia-669129b06e5ab7dedae39749850a7d1a 
 ----- 
