Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
GTA
Toronto police say they will not clear U of T encampment without court order

Police said they don’t believe they have “sufficient legal authority” to remove protesters from campus without a court order. 

Updated June 3, 2024 at 1:31 p.m.
May 31, 2024
4 min read
Save

Toronto police say they considered a request by the University of Toronto to send officers on a “24/7” basis to a pro-Palestine encampment on campus, but declined because they felt their presence could inflame tensions.

Nick Lachance/Toronto Star
By Ben CohenCity Hall Bureau

Toronto police say they will not clear out the protest encampment at the University of Toronto unless there is an emergency or they are ordered to by a judge.

In an email to the Star, police said they don’t believe they have “sufficient legal authority” to remove protesters from campus. 

“Absent a material change of circumstances, the Toronto Police Service will only act in situations involving an emergency to enforce the law and protect public safety, or to act in accordance with a court order,” said TPS director of corporate communications Natalie Clancy.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

She added that a Quebec court denying McGill University an injunction against its own encampment protesters was a factor in TPS determining what it can and cannot do at U of T. 

The encampment set up on U of T campus four weeks ago is one of several at university campuses across Canada, and in the wake of similar demonstrations at U.S. schools leading to hundreds of arrests. Protesters say they want schools to restructure their finances and academic relationships to sanction Israel amid the devastating war in Gaza. U of T’s lawyers claim the encampment on its campus is damaging to the university’s reputation and has been the site of multiple reports of hate speech and violence. Police have cleared university encampments in Alberta and a pro-Palestinian protest on the University of British Columbia. 

GTA
Students are calling for U of T to divest from Israel. Here’s a closer look at what that would mean

U of T is waging a similar legal battle against protesters as McGill. New court documents submitted by U of T in pursuit of an injunction to authorize the removal of protesters show Toronto police refused a request from the university for help with the encampment last week.  

In a sworn statement to the court, Ryan Dow, assistant director of U of T campus safety, wrote that he asked police to send “several” officers “on a 24/7 basis” from last Friday onward to assist in “managing any potential escalation” at the encampment after U of T delivered protesters a notice of trespass.

“TPS denied the request,” Dow said. “TPS has generally expressed to the university an unwillingness to address the encampment absent a specific emergency situation or court order.

The notice of trespass gave protesters until Monday morning to pack up. That deadline came and went without any police action. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The notice of trespass gives police the authority to fine protesters as much as $10,000. It should also give them licence to clear the encampment, according to Toronto criminal defence lawyer Alex De Boyrie, but only if they choose to do so.

Clancy, of TPS, said police refused U of T’s request because officers felt their presence on campus could inflame tensions. 

“The University of Toronto’s request was given due consideration and, given the increasing tensions at the encampment brought on by the university taking a harder line on legal actions, it was felt that TPS officers stationed on the ground, at the encampment, would significantly escalate tensions and therefore the request was denied,” she said.

In his sworn statement, Dow seemed to express frustration with TPS for not helping more.

“Although TPS has been available to attend campus when called in respect of the most serious incidents and emergencies, campus safety has been left to manage the encampment almost entirely with its own resources and officers.”

With regards to the serious incidents, TPS said it has made five arrests related to the encampment, including one Wednesday for an alleged assault. U of T’s court documents claim this man, a protester, was charged for assault after shoving away a man who was trying to access the encampment to play football with his son. It also alleges he threatened him with a blow from a liquor bottle.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Protesters dispute this version of events, saying the father struck first. A police report noted no one was injured in the altercation. 

U of T’s special constables have “enhanced authority” by the province through the Toronto Police Services Board, which “effectively gives members of the organization the authority of a police officer while on campus,” according to U of T’s website. 

The university has 27 special constables in its employ.

“Despite this broad mandate, campus safety does not have unlimited resources and is limited by staffing and budgetary constraints,” Dow wrote. “Campus safety also relies on the support of Toronto Police Services when necessary.”

Since the encampment was set up four weeks ago, campus safety has received “an ongoing stream of concerning reports about violence, property damage, harmful and discriminatory speech, and other health and safety issues,” Dow wrote. 

Dow said he has “personally observed” the encampment continue to grow throughout the month. “I understand there to be as many as 177 tents in the encampment, with more joining each day.”

Dow said protesters have reinforced the fence surrounding the encampment with zip ties and other materials, which would make removing the fence a “far more difficult and dangerous task.” U of T set up the fence last month in an attempt at preventing an encampment. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
GTA
‘We will be your human shields’: Why unions are showing up in force to support the U of T pro-Palestinian protest encampment

U of T is in the process of seeking an urgent court order to tear down the encampment and arrest any resisting protesters.

One stated reason for this urgency was to have the encampment cleared before convocation began Monday. 

This now seems unlikely. Hearing dates for the injunction against the encampment have been set for June 19 and 20.

“I appreciate that those hearing dates do not accommodate the university’s interest in having the issue resolved before graduation ceremonies are over,” wrote justice Markus Koehnen to the parties in the case Wednesday.

“In my view, however, that is the earliest that the hearing can be held in order to afford the respondents a fair opportunity to answer the application.”

Koehnen wrote that U of T had prepared such a volume of material for review that the issue could not be resolved before convocation.

He said the university intended to submit affidavits totalling more than 1,000 pages, including exhibits. Dow’s affidavit is among them. Lawyers for the protesters would need time to review all that and respond, he said.

U of T made the documents public Wednesday night.

 

Correction - June 3, 2024

This article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly said police have cleared encampments on the University of British Columbia campus. In fact, they cleared a pro-Palestinian protest on the campus. The encampments are still there.  

 

Ben Cohen is part of the Star's city hall bureau, based in Toronto. Follow him on X: @bcohenn.

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
2 days ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
9 hrs ago
CANADA
Canada vows to crack down on international student program abuse amid India’s allegations of human smuggling
7 hrs ago
STAR COLUMNISTS
OPINION
Althia Raj: The Liberals’ focus is no longer on whether Justin Trudeau should resign. The debate is now about how to replace him
20 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
5 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
8 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
12 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
5 hrs ago
More from The Star & partners
More News
GTA
At Toronto’s ‘Museum of Bad Gifts,’ where unwanted presents are ‘another person’s treasure’
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
GTA
Motorcyclist dead after collision in York Region, police seek witnesses
Article was updated 57 mins ago
Comments
GTA
Fireworks, skating and New Year’s Eve parties: Here’s where you can ring in 2025 in Toronto
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
GTA
Man charged with assault, arson after two-alarm apartment fire in Etobicoke
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/toronto-police-say-they-will-not-clear-u-of-t-encampment-without-court-order/article_3af738d6-1ec3-11ef-b47b-3759e74c4ace.html 
 ----- 
