Menu
ACCOUNT
CART
0
< ULTRA MAG
 PREVIOUS ARTICLE NEXT ARTICLE 
FAST REBORN: THE ADIDAS F50 IS BACK

Article by: Mickey

Mon, Jun 03.24

Read: #ADIDAS #ADIDAS-F50

There aren’t many boots that people have wanted to see make a return more than the adidas F50. Ever since we opened, people have asked us when it would happen, while telling us about their favourite colourways or reminiscing about their Tunits. From 2004, for over a decade, the iconic silo was on the feet of some of the game's greatest ever players, and now it’s back for the next generation.

 

The design and colourway of the new adidas limited edition ‘Fast Reborn’ F50 honour the past with the super recognisable and charming ‘Chameleon’ colourway - a pair that is so closely linked to the greatest of all time, Lionel Messi, thanks to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.

 

The ‘Unity Purple’ and ‘Lucid Lemon’ with white details look better than ever on this laceless model. It’s a super fast-looking colourway for the fastest players of the new generation to wear and blast their way into the history books like Messi has; think Lamine Yamal, Rafael Leão, and Linda Caicedo, to name a few.

 

 

On the soleplate, you’ll see a design that aims to mirror the appearance of a boot in high-speed motion. The ‘Lucid Lemon’ fades out towards the heel in a vapor trail vibe, looking visually stunning with the addition of the F50 logo. How can you not love it?

 

Currently, we’ve got the laceless version in stock, with the laced version coming soon. To kick things off, we’ll be running the laceless version through EQL from 12 pm (AEST) Tuesday, 3/6/24. The laced version shouldn’t be too far away, either. Stay tuned to our socials for both. Numbers are extremely tight, but you’ve got to be in it to win it!

 


Share this:   
LATEST READS
Best Football Boots Under $250
Read More
Adidas launch the Lamine Yamal limited edition F50 ‘LY304’
Read More
Best 10 Jerseys Of The 24/25 Season
Read More
ABOUT
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
SHOP WITH ULTRA
LEGAL
STORE LOCATION
Ultra Football on Facebook
Ultra Football on Instagram
Ultra Football on Twitter
Ultra Football on Youtube

Join our mailing list for the latest news, launches and more.

SUBSCRIBE
Copyright © 2024 Ultra Football. All Rights Reserved.
Protected by hCaptcha
Privacy
Terms
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ultrafootball.com/blogs/ultra-mag/fast-reborn-the-adidas-f50-is-back?srsltid=AfmBOorwzh0EILowhKyJ37spVsBOg1pKoTIq77uoKPlYFUt5J02c-fID 
 ----- 
