     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Topics  Foreign Policy and Security Studies  Malaysia as 2025 Asean chair: a test of diplomacy, regional cohesion –...
Foreign Policy and Security Studies
Malaysia as 2025 Asean chair: a test of diplomacy, regional cohesion – and its China ties
by Thomas Daniel -
03 September 2024
Related:
Anwar Ibrahim, ASEAN, China, Diplomacy, Malaysia, South China Sea, United States


Thomas Daniel was quoted in South China Morning Post, 2 September 2024

With tensions rising in the South China Sea and the Myanmar crisis still unresolved, Malaysia’s leadership will be closely scrutinised

By Maria Siow

Malaysia’s coming chairmanship of Asean in 2025 will test its diplomatic skills, as experts argue its evolving stance on the Israeli-Gaza war and strengthening ties with China could challenge the bloc’s unity.

Tough issues are sure to crop up during its tenure, said Thomas Daniel, a senior fellow at the Institute of Strategic and International Studies in Malaysia.

“Malaysia will require no small amounts of deft, proactive diplomacy to manage these issues in a way that positively pushes the needle forward where possible, avoids any kind of regression, and emphasises both Asean’s interests and cohesion,” he told This Week in Asia.

Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim has expressed confidence in Malaysia’s ability to host the Asean Summit, with Foreign Minister Mohamad Hasan outlining the three pillars for its chairmanship as security and politics; the economy; and socio-culture.

The Association of Southeast Asian Nations’ chair, currently held by Laos, rotates annually around the 10 member states in English alphabetical order.

But concerns are mounting about the bloc’s cohesion amid its struggles dealing with the Myanmar crisis and South China Sea disputes.

Joanne Lin Weiling, an associate senior fellow at the ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute in Singapore, noted the traditional role Malaysia has played in promoting regional diplomacy.

“However, the ongoing conflict in Gaza has led Malaysia to shift its focus more towards the Middle East, adopting a more cautious stance towards the US and other allies of Israel,” she said. This shift has been accompanied by stronger ties with China and interest in Brics.

Malaysia has shown robust support for Palestinians, with Anwar calling Hamas “freedom fighters” and rejecting US demands to cut ties.

The country’s recent application to join Brics was welcomed by Beijing, which said it seeks “like-minded partners”.

“These shifting strategic priorities are likely to influence Malaysia’s approach to major regional issues,” Lin said, suggesting the nation might prioritise cooperation with the Middle East and advocate for stronger language on related issues within Asean.

“Through such priorities, Prime Minister Anwar will be able to leverage regional platforms to boost his domestic standing,” she noted, adding that Malaysia is likely to welcome initiatives with China and Brics members, including Russia.

Despite all this, Lin believes Malaysia’s chairmanship won’t drastically alter Asean’s relations with the US or the West, as the chair’s influence is limited in the consensus-based bloc. As the current country coordinator for Asean’s relations with China and a South China Sea claimant state, Malaysia has “a vested interest” in speeding up code of conduct negotiations, she said.

Asean Secretary General Kao Kim Hourn announced plans in June to accelerate talks with China, eyeing a code to mitigate conflict risks in contested waters by 2026. “However, if Malaysia is perceived as favouring China, it may face challenges balancing the interests of other claimant states, such as the Philippines and Vietnam,” Lin said – further highlighting Malaysia’s likely push for stronger action on Myanmar given its vocal stance on human rights issues.

Former Foreign Minister Saifuddin Abdullah was a vocal advocate for a stronger Asean response to Myanmar and previously met with representatives of the National Unity Government, a shadow administration that opposes the ruling military junta.

Dedi Dinarto, an associate at strategic advisory firm Global Counsel, said Malaysia’s push for closer ties with China could hinder its ability to advocate for a strong regional stance on the South China Sea conflict. Following Chinese Premier Li Qiang’s visit to Malaysia in June, Anwar referred to China as a “true friend”, while Li hailed the relationship as a model for bilateral ties in the region.

China has been Malaysia’s top trading partner since 2009, with bilateral trade reaching US$98.8 billion last year, accounting for 17 per cent of the Southeast Asian nation’s total trade.

While Malaysia’s Asean chairmanship and interest in Brics both reflect its aim to promote economic and political cooperation, Dinarto said the objectives and dynamics of the two differ significantly.

Chairing Asean allows Malaysia to reaffirm its role as a key regional player after the years of political upheaval that followed the Umno-led Barisan Nasional coalition being ousted in the 2018 elections. By contrast, joining Brics represents a strategic move to strengthen ties with rising powers like China, India, and Russia amid rising geopolitical tensions between Beijing and the West.

Malaysia’s leadership will be tested as it carefully navigates between pursuing its national interests and fulfilling its responsibilities
Dedi Dinarto, strategic advisory associate

“Overall, Malaysia’s leadership will be tested as it carefully navigates between pursuing its national interests and fulfilling its responsibilities as next year’s chair,” Dinarto said.

Joshua Kurlantzick, a senior fellow for Southeast Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations in the US, noted that while Malaysia “may make for a decent host”, Anwar’s challenging domestic political landscape could undermine his foreign policy effectiveness within Asean and beyond. He said Malaysia is not positioned to accomplish more than previous Asean chairs, citing both internal challenges and the overall weakness of the bloc.

Domestic challenges for Anwar include attracting investment, implementing economic reforms and addressing long-standing corruption issues, Kurlantzick said in a June blog post for the Council on Foreign Relations.

“In recent years, it [Asean] has done so little on key issues like Myanmar and the South China Sea that it has lost much credibility as a regional organisation, regardless of who is chair,” he said.

This article first published in South China Morning Post, 2 September 2024

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Thomas Daniel
Thomas is a senior fellow in the Foreign Policy and Security Studies programme. His interests lie in the strategic-security challenges of Southeast Asia, including the impacts of major power dynamics on ASEAN. He looks mainly at the South China Sea dispute, political-security cohesion within ASEAN and Malaysia’s security and foreign policies. Thomas also focuses on government policies towards refugees, asylum seekers and other displaced people in Malaysia, as well as the impacts of the crisis in Myanmar on the region. He is a member of the Malaysia Study Group on Myanmar, convened by Universiti Malaya. He comments on these issues in local, regional and international forums and media. Thomas holds an MA (International Studies) from the University of Nottingham (Malaysia), a BA in Communication and Media Management, and a BA (hons) in Communication, Media & Culture from the University of South Australia.
By: Thomas Daniel
Related
What does Anwar Ibrahim stand for? Malaysia’s PM on his balancing act at home and abroad
23 September 2024
Premier Li Qiang’s visit has Malaysia wanting more from China pivot
21 June 2024
BFM podcast: Malaysia & Indonesia on shared boundaries in a relationship
12 January 2024
One year recap of Anwar Ibrahim’s foreign policy
20 December 2023
BFM podcast: PM Thavisin visit sets tone for Thai-Malaysia ties
12 October 2023
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/09/03/malaysia-as-2025-asean-chair-a-test-of-diplomacy-regional-cohesion-and-its-china-ties/ 
 ----- 
