Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
Ten Hag Sack: Jamie Carragher Reveals When Man Utd Axe Will Fall As Dutchman Admits Three Big 'mistakes'
Carragher names when Man Utd will sack Ten Hag as Dutchman admits three big ‘mistakes’
James Marshment
02 Sep 2024 8:17 AM

Is Erik ten Hag facing the end at Man Utd?

Erik ten Hag will not survive the season with Manchester United, according to Jamie Carragher, who has named the month when he expects Sir Jim Ratcliffe to swing the axe, while the Dutchman has been forced into an awkward admission after their 3-0 home defeat to Liverpool.

Ten Hag signed a new one-year extension to his Manchester United contract over the summer despite both Ratcliffe speaking to a number of different managerial options and amid claims the Dutchman was facing the sack after a woefully poor season in the Premier League. That saw United finish in eighth place – the lowest they had ever finished in the competition’s history.

'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Carra: Salah on course for Ballon d'Or...
'You didn't say who sang it!' | Nev,...
<
>

However, victory in the FA Cup final earned Ten Hag the second trophy of his era, marking him alongside Jose Mourinho as the club’s joint-most successful manager since the Sir Alex Ferguson era, and ultimately preserved his status in the hotseat.

That said, not everyone was convinced by Ratcliffe’s decision, with plenty suggesting the extension only delays the inevitable at Old Trafford and with United still facing the same tactical shortcomings that have been a lowlight of his reign.

DON’T MISS ➡️ Neville throws Ten Hag future at Man Utd into major doubt after ‘sobering day’ filled with ‘terrible errors’

Having lost their second game of the season at Brighton last Saturday, worse was to come for United at home to Liverpool on Sunday as a brilliant Mo Salah picked them apart, assisting Luis Diaz for two first-half strikes, before adding a third himself to secure a 3-0 win and ensure Arne Slot became only the second Reds manager – and first since 1935 – to win their first match at Old Trafford.

United were their own worst enemies with two Casemiro blunders being punished to the full by the rampant Reds.

Ten Hag admits to three Man Utd mistakes in loss to Liverpool

First of all, the experienced Brazilian’s misplaced pass was intercepeted by the excellent Ryan Gravenberch, who played in Salah to cross for Diaz to head home, before Casemiro was then brushed off the ball by Diaz, and when the ball was eventually worked back to him, he emphatically swept home his second.

The third Liverpool goal was also entirely avoidable from a Manchester United point of view, leading to some very awkward questions for Ten Hag over his management and tactical approach.

“We made mistakes and they were very clinical in finishing, they did very well,” Ten Hag told Sky Sports after the game.

Ad

“All the three goals are mistakes from us – individual errors. Maybe about the last one, you can debate, ‘where is our double six?’ but all the others, Liverpool did brilliant. Arne took over, the turnover and the way they finished was so good.

“Don’t argue this [that the game was level apart from the goals]. It’s clear Liverpool deserved it. We have to be humble, take this and improve our game.”

Ad

IN DEPTH ➡️ Ten Hag: How Man Utd boss compares to Klopp, Arteta after two seasons after avoiding sack

After hooking Casemiro at half-time, more question marks have been raised over the Dutchman’s decision to back the 32-year-old Brazilian midfielder, whom Carragher famously claimed last season was “finished” in the Premier League and “needed to get on the phone to his agent about a move to MLS or Saudi”.

Ten Hag, though, refuses to point the blame and insists the player will recover from a difficult afternoon.

“You know the game. He knows the game. He will go on, we will go on. He’s a great player. We will continue this season to improve the team and the players,” Ten Hag insisted.

“He improved, and showed so often, that he is a great character. We all have seen great moments from him, being decisive in the midfield. He will show it again, I am sure he will bounce back.”

Ten Hag sack: Carragher on when he expects Man Utd axe to fall

Speaking after the game, Carragher, though, does not think Ten Hag will see out the season at Old Trafford after reflecting on their chastening defeat to Liverpool.

And the Reds icon has named when he expects no-nonsense minority shareholder Ratcliffe to swing the axe if there is no improvement in their league position.

He told Sky Sports: “I don’t think anything is going to change in terms of the football [at Man Utd].

“I have seen this before at Liverpool. Go back before Klopp came in when there was talk of Brendan Rodgers losing his job after one season. They weren’t sure what to do, FSG [Liverpool’s ownership], and they kept him and Rodgers changed his staff.

“You expect something different, but the manager is the main man. Rodgers was gone in October. Ten Hag said in his interview ‘we will see where we are at the end of the season’.

“I would be surprised if he is still there at the end of the season.”

DON’T MISS ➡️ Man Utd ace Marcus Rashford told how to reignite form by ex-West Ham star

Gary Neville, meanwhile, thinks a lack of control in the midfield has consistently let United and Ten Hag down.

“Gravenberch, [Alexis] Mac Allister and [Dominik] Sloboszlai and you think of Manchester United having Casemiro, [Bruno] Fernandes, [Christian] Eriksen, [Scott] McTominay, [Mason] Mount, now [Manuel] Ugarte, [Kobbie] Mainoo…but they’ve absolutely destroyed them that three for Liverpool.

“That shouldn’t be happening and I think that’s a real pressure point for Erik ten Hag. That this Liverpool three in midfield have outplayed, outfought [United] in the way that they’ve set up.

“He’s got to try and get more out of the players he’s got at his disposal, because they’re not bad players. On paper you may even not swap them but you look on the pitch and it’s [not the case].”

Content continues below

Ad
Ad
Question 1
In what month was Ten Hag announced as Man Utd manager?
use 
hint
April 2022
May 2022
June 2022
July 2022

Jamie Carragher
Casemiro
Erik ten Hag
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Samuel Bannister
5 hours ago
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack

Carragher claims Man Utd chose Amorim at the 'worst time' - but has noticed a difference from Ten Hag

Manchester United
Jamie Carragher
James Marshment
02 Jan 2025
Amorim greenlights huge Man Utd sale with star’s head turned and Ratcliffe writing off enormous fee

United are increasingly confident they will cut ties with Casemiro in January with Ratcliffe sanctioning a significant loss on the star, who will now choose between two destinations

Manchester United
Casemiro
Steve Pearson
01 Jan 2025
Carragher declares Liverpool, Alexander-Arnold contract outcome after revealing what Real Madrid approach REALLY means

Liverpool legend Carragher believes he now knows where Alexander-Arnold will be playing next season after explaining what Real Madrid's official approach actually meant

Liverpool
Real Madrid
Fraser Gillan
31 Dec 2024
Sir Jim Ratcliffe furious at Man Utd wage bill with two big earners up for sale

Man Utd do NOT have the funds to make any major moves in January and are desperately trying to get rid of some high earners

Manchester United
Marcus Rashford
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
21 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
5 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
22 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
5 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
8 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/news/jamie-carragher-reveals-when-he-thinks-man-utd-will-sack-ten-hag-dutchman-admits-three-big-mistakes 
 ----- 
