SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
FIVE-STAR AUSTRIA THRASH NORWAY IN NATIONS LEAGUE TO BOOST PROMOTION HOPES
Five-star Austria thrash Norway in Nations League to boost promotion hopes
Ryan Fisher,
13.10.2024 20:43
Austria's Michael Gregoritsch (left) celebrates a goal with teammates
Joe Klamar / AFP
Austria drew level on points with Norway at the top of UEFA Nations League Group B3 thanks to a dominant 5-1 win in Linz - just their second victory in the last seven meetings between the sides.

In the continued absence of Martin Odegaard, Norway talisman Erling Haaland was wearing the captain’s armband, and he came the width of the woodwork handing his side the lead inside six minutes.

While Haaland was denied by the upright, opposite number Marko Arnautovic used it to his advantage moments later as the hosts drew first blood.

The Inter Milan forward drifted past Andreas Hanche-Olsen and rifled a shot in off the underside of the bar, leaving Orjan Nyland with no chance of making a save.

Chances came at both ends following the opener, with Alexander Sorloth and Haaland firing off-target for Norway before Christoph Baumgartner was denied by Nyland.

That save proved pivotal, as the visitors found the equaliser that their first-half performance had merited just six minutes before the interval.

It came in controversial fashion from a set-piece, with the Austrians furious with what they perceived to be a foul as the free-kick floated in. Their protestations fell on deaf ears, and Sorloth pounced to head home from Julian Ryerson’s delivery.

Key match stats
Flashscore

Ralf Rangnick’s men responded after the break, showing considerably more spark than the floodlights which temporarily failed and plunged the stadium into darkness.

The hosts didn’t allow their momentum to be stunted by that disruption, and they won a penalty within three minutes of the restart.

Hanche-Olsen desperately felled Baumgartner after an incisive move cut the Norway defence apart, and Arnautovic confidently stepped up, arrowing his low spot-kick into the bottom corner beyond the reach of Nyland, despite the goalkeeper guessing correctly.

That was the cue for Austria to go goal crazy, and they doubled their lead just before the hour mark when Romano Schmid’s out-swinging corner was met by a towering header from Philipp Lienhart, who powered home his second goal in as many matches in this international break.

A fourth arrived just four minutes later when Stefan Posch headed home from Marcel Sabitzer’s cross.

Stale Solbakken’s men had no answer to their hosts, who added a fifth when Sabitzer produced a carbon copy of his assist for the fourth, this time converted by Michael Gregoritsch minutes after he came off the bench.

That rounded off a second consecutive Nations League win for Rangnick’s men after a seven-game unbeaten run in the competition previously, while Norway tasted defeat for the first time in five matches they’ve played without captain and creator-in-chief Odegaard.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Marko Arnautovic (Austria)

Check out the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Austria
Norway
Related Articles
Uninspired Poland still struggle to close gap to elite in Portugal loss
13.10.2024 13:28
Motivated Belgium hope to end long wait for competitive France win
13.10.2024 12:31
Croatia win extends 'brave' Scotland's worst losing streak in five years
13.10.2024 05:29
Show more
Football
Former England assistant Steve Holland appointed Yokohama F Marinos manager
45 min ago
Brazil legend Ronaldo running to be president of nation's FA
1 h ago
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
1 h ago
Simone Inzaghi hails Inter Milan players after side thrash in-form Lazio
1 h ago
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
11 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
11 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
11 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
13 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
13 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-uefa-nations-league-five-star-austria-thrash-norway-in-nations-league-to-boost-promotion-hopes/v7bjxBCi/ 
 ----- 
