Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Peña inspired to give back by big leaguers who gave back to him
Share
Peña inspired to give back by big leaguers who gave back to him
September 13th, 2023

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share

0:00

0:32

This story was excerpted from Brian McTaggart’s Astros Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

When Jeremy Peña was a kid growing up in Providence, R.I., he would periodically attend baseball camps, where he got instruction from Major League players like Rhode Island natives Chris Iannetta and Rocco Baldelli, and even former Astros outfielder Josh Reddick.

In fact, Peña remembers getting a pair of batting gloves from Reddick, which made for an interesting story when they became teammates with the Astros during Spring Training a few years ago.

“I told him that story and that was special,” Peña said.

Those interactions at a young age clearly made an impact on Peña, who is now making an impact of his own through his work with children. Peña was named as the Astros’ 2023 nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award, which is the annual recognition of a Major League player who best represents the game of baseball through extraordinary character, community involvement, philanthropy and positive contributions, both on and off the field.

“I’ve always been blessed with having a lot of great people around me, a lot people have touched me on my journey,” Peña said. “I tried to just give back a little bit. I remember Chris Iannetta doing camps in Rhode Island, Rocco Baldelli. I always remember those things and try to do that for the kids.”

Peña, who last year won the World Series Most Valuable Player Award, ALCS MVP and a Gold Glove Award at shortstop, this year began a program called “Peña Pals.” Each Friday home game, five students, who are picked based on character and grades, get to come on the field with a teacher during batting practice and meet Peña. They also get to design a pair of white cleats with markers that Peña wears in that night’s game.

“I look forward to Fridays and meeting a new group of people,” he said.

At a recent meeting with Peña Pals at Minute Maid Park, a young girl told Peña that it was one of the best days of her life. Peña fought back tears while talking about that interaction and others like that. He admitted he’s an emotional guy.

“That stuff makes my day,” he said. “It’s probably special to them, but it’s probably more special to me. I’m always grateful for it. … They’re all awesome, they all have their own personalities. It’s pretty cool. They get to add their own flair to the cleats. They can come out there and enjoy the game and hopefully win the game.”

Related
With Wagner on cusp, a look back on HOFers with Astros ties

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Astros avoid arbitration with Valdez, all 7 other eligible players

January 10th, 2025

From 1 to 9, Astros' lineup clicking at the right time

September 8th, 2024

'Watch out': Astros' offense heats up in big weekend at Fenway

August 12th, 2024

Peña's power bat continues to boost Astros (6 straight wins)

May 18th, 2024

As part of the annual program, each MLB Club nominates one player to be considered for the league-wide award in tribute to Clemente’s achievements and character. The overall winner will be named at the 2023 World Series as selected by a panel that includes representatives from the Commissioner’s Office, MLB-affiliated networks, the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Clemente’s children. Fans can also vote here through the end of the regular season.

Peña toured The Clemente Museum in Pittsburgh earlier this year with a group of his teammates in a trip organized by a fellow Puerto Rican, catcher Martín Maldonado.

“Roberto Clemente history is near and dear to Maldy’s heart, so he wanted the whole team to come out and kind of learn about him, learn his story and I've got to say, it was pretty special,” Peña said. “Roberto Clemente was a great ballplayer, but he did great outside in the community, as well. I always looked up to guys like Nelson Cruz, who’s always involved in the community, and Curtis Granderson, who’s also always involved in the community. You take after those guys.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
Jeremy Peña

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/astros-jeremy-pena-honored-by-roberto-clemente-award-nomination 
 ----- 
