Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
UFC
News
UFC
UFC releases beautiful Mexican Independence Day belt for Grasso vs. Shevchenko fight

UFC prepared a Mexican celebration with a lineup featuring 6 MMA warriors

Alexa Grasso / X @mma_orbit
LW
16/09/2023 - 21:26 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
UFC. Alexa Grasso and Valentina Shevchenko meet the scales for the Sept. 16th fight
UFC. Grasso vs. Shevchenko 2 LIVE: Noche UFC start time and latest updates

Grasso vs. Shevchenko UFC Fight Night will commemorate the Mexican Independence Day this Saturday, featuring Alexa Grasso, the first Mexican champion, who will defend her Flyweight World Title against former champion Valentina Shevchenko at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.

As part of the celebration, the Mexican champion received a custom belt created in Mexico, called Tribe Belt #1, whose design is inspired by Mexican patterns. During a press conference, Alexa posed with her belt and showed it to the public. The design is similar to those traditionally issued by the UFC but with colorful details on the purple, blue, red, orange, and green straps.

Grasso does not want to be near the belt until she earns it

However, Grasso didn't want to get too close to the present as she explained that she is superstitious about the belts and said she doesn't want to touch them or be near them until she wins them.

It's not mine yet until I win it and I will do everything I can to earn it

Alexa Grasso on the Mexican belt

The piece was designed by the Jacobo and Maria Angeles Workshop in Oaxaca, according to the artisans, "It dignifies the leadership of those women who, among the adversities of the territory, make their way to face the adversities of life".

UFC seeks to honor Mexican fighters
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Travis Kelce...
Marca

In Alexa's case, she is not the only fighter of Mexican origin to receive a special belt before her, Mexican-born fighter Yair Rodriguez, former UFC interim featherweight champion, received a similar title during the summer manufactured by Cesar Gomez, founder of Upper Sports Management, based in Mexico.

The same house was also responsible for creating a commemorative belt for the WBC, which was presented to Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez during his third fight against Gennadiy Golovkin. That belt was called 'Zapoteca Jaguar Warrior'.

UFC - English
UFCAlexa Grasso and Valentina Shevchenko meet the scales for the Sept. 16th fight
UFCUFC Hall of Famer Pat Miletich's third DUI arrest puts his MMA return in question
UFCDana White "had almost no feelings" about his estranged parents' recent death
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ufc/2023/09/17/650663a946163ff5538b459e.html 
 ----- 
