Skip to content
MENU
KIRKLEY SPORTS KORNER

KIRKLEY'S SPORTS KORNER

Created and Written By: Mark A. Kirkley

BRAVES EXIT PLAYOFFS…AGAIN!!!
Posted on October 3, 2024 by mark kirkley
in All, Major League Baseball
Truist Park/Cobb County

For the third year in a row, the Braves exited the playoffs as quickly as they entered…another first appearance playoff quick exit. The last two years they won the National League East, had a first round bye, just to then lose quickly. This year managed a fifth seed wild card spot against the San Diego Padres out in San Diego, to lose both games 0-4, 4-5 to earn a comfy spot on the couch for the rest of the playoffs.

The Braves (89-73) had a slow start to the season and fell behind the Philadelphia Phillies by 10 games and played catchup the remainder of the season. The Braves managed to cut the lead down to three games at one point during the season, but couldn’t manage to get over the hump because injuries seemed to pile up the entirety of the season. Injuries to RF Ronald Acuna, Jr in April and 3B Austin Riley in August sidelined those stars for the season. Injuries to C Sean Murphy during the first game of season where he missed 14 games, and off again on again injuries to 2B Ozzie Albies and CF Michael Harris II just never let the Braves get going for the season. It’s always next man up, but sometimes that can only get you so far. The Braves did have some reliable backups that held the fort, but missing the star players at the plate and in the field caught up to this team. Outfielder Ramón Laureano, 2B Nacho Alvarez and Whit Merrifield played key roles for the Braves, and played well…But the team just couldn’t keep up with the Phillies. Team also let the New York Mets creep up behind them to finish the season tied with the Braves at 89-73, but the Braves had the tie breaker and finished in 2nd place in the NL East. But the Braves are out of the playoffs and the Mets remain with their best of two out of three game series with the Milwaukee Brewers tied at one a piece.

Courtesy: Ozzie Albies/News Nation, Michael Harris II/Battery Power, Ronald Acuna, Jr/MLB.com, Austin Riley/MLB.com, Sportskeeda

I wish it was spring training again

Braves Manager Brian Sniker

Offseason Ahead

During this offseason, the Braves have some soul searching to do. Does Manager Brian Sniker come back or does General Manager Alex Anthopoulos want to go in another direction. The Braves have a great coaching staff that work well in the regular season, but go stale in the playoffs. A fire might need to be lit in the locker room. Snitker already said ” I wish it was spring training already.”

The Braves also have decisions to make with their starting rotation. To re-sign or not re-sign P Max Fried…does P Charlie Morton hang it up or come back for another trip around the sun for the Braves…and does 2024 triple crown winner, and NL Cy young to be, P Chris Sale re-sign again? Also, what to do with outfielder Jorge Soler, who was signed to help replace Acuna, Jr. My take: Anthopoulos seems to work his magic in signing players…sign Fried and Sale to a multi-year contract and let Morton walk or retire. Also, sign Soler to an extention, place him in left field as Acuna will be back in right field.

Long offseason ahead for the Braves….

FOR MORE GREAT SPORTS COVERAGE

Follow me on X @makirkley for more sports conversation and read more of my stories here at kirkleysportskorner.net.

SHARE THIS:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
More
Loading...
RELATED
Braves end regular season on sour note

I would be lying to you if I said I was happy with how the regular season ended today for the NL East Champions Atlanta Braves. But I am not happy at all. Yes, the team did improve on the wins this year from last year. The Braves won seven…

October 2, 2019

In "All"

Quest to Repeat Begins Today
October 11, 2022

In "All"

Braves Pitchers and Catchers Report
February 19, 2021

In "All"

Tagged Atlanta Braves, baseball, MLB, Ronald Acuna Jr, sports
PUBLISHED BY MARK KIRKLEY

View all posts by mark kirkley

POST NAVIGATION
PREVIOUS POST
Georgia dominates Clemson
NEXT POST
Buy or sell Falcons?
LEAVE A COMMENT

Thank you for reading Kirkley's Sports Korner. A lot of what I write here are my own views and opinions with a lot of facts added as well. Sports are a big part of my life just after God, Family, and Country. Enjoy reading, like my page, and leave a comment if you want. Thank you...and God Bless America!!!! Cheers...

The 2025 College Football Playoff Bracket is set: Beginning Friday, December 20, 2024 with (10) Indiana at (7) Notre Dame ending Monday, January 20,2025 with the Championship game

MLB Standings

NFL Standings

PENIX, JR EARNS RIGHT TO STAY QB1

Wow, just wow…after two games with Michael Penix, Jr starting under center for the Atlanta Falcons, he has wowed everyone and is 1-1 after two games and one game left. He has made very few rookie mistakes and has looked poised, comfortable, and confident behind the center. In the 34-7 Falcons blowout win at home…

by mark kirkley
December 30, 2024
FALCONS PENIX JR PROMOTED TO QB1; COUSINS BENCHED

It wasn’t suppose to be this way. Quarterback Kirk Cousins, who signed a 4-year deal worth $180 million, where $100 million is guaranteed just this past offseason, has been benched just after the 14th game of year one of the contract. This is not what the Falcons’ brass had envisioned last April when the team…

by mark kirkley
December 20, 2024
GEORGIA NEEDS SOUL SEARCHING ON BOTH SIDES OF THE BALL
by mark kirkley
October 15, 2024
Penix, Jr earns right to stay qb1
Falcons Penix Jr promoted to QB1; Cousins benched
Georgia needs soul searching on both sides of the ball
Buy or sell Falcons?
Braves exit playoffs…again!!!

Type your email…

SUBSCRIBE

Home
 
Sports Articles
 
ABOUT ME
A WORDPRESS.COM WEBSITE.
Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kirkleysportskorner.net/2024/10/03/braves-exit-playoffs-again/ 
 ----- 
