MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Fox has 33 points, Kings beat Mavericks 110-100 as Christie wins first after becoming interim coach
Updated Dec. 31, 2024 2:26 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — De’Aaron Fox scored 33 points, and the Sacramento Kings beat the short-handed Dallas Mavericks 110-100 on Monday night to give Doug Christie his first win as the interim head coach after the Kings fired Mike Brown last week.

The Kings went on a 17-2 run to end the third quarter and take an 83-77 lead. Sacramento started the fourth on an 11-4 run, extending the lead to double digits on a 3-pointer by Trey Lyles.

Lyles had 14 points off the bench. DeMar DeRozan also had 14 points, and Domantas Sabonis had 17 points and 17 assists.

Dallas led by 18 in the first quarter before the Kings cut it to 60-56 at halftime.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Mavericks were without Kyrie Irving (shoulder), Klay Thompson (illness), Dereck Lively II (hip) and Naji Marshall (suspension), in addition to Luka Doncic being out for at least the next month with a calf strain.

Spencer Dinwiddie and PJ Washington both had season highs for the Mavericks. Dinwiddie scored 30 points and Washington had 28.

Takeaways

Mavericks: The Mavericks were without their top three scorers but kept the game close until the fourth.

Kings: Sacramento snapped a six-game losing streak, fending off an 18-point, first-quarter deficit and early boos from the home crowd for a desperately needed win.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Key moment

Trailing by nine in the third quarter, the Kings turned around what had been a listless performance. They had four offensive rebounds on one possession that ended with Sabonis' tip-in to cut the lead to 75-74 and energize the crowd.

Key stat

After allowing the Lakers to shoot 60% from the field on Saturday, the Kings held the Mavericks to 40 second-half points.

Up next

Both teams play on Wednesday, with the Kings hosting the Sixers and the Mavericks visiting the Rockets.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Sacramento Kings
National Basketball Association
P.J. Washington Jr.
Spencer Dinwiddie
Luka Doncic
Naji Marshall
Klay Thompson
Kyrie Irving
Domantas Sabonis
DeMar DeRozan
Trey Lyles
De'Aaron Fox
Dallas Mavericks
Sacramento Kings
NBA - Dallas Mavericks vs. Sacramento Kings - 12/31/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/fox-has-33-points-kings-beat-mavericks-110100-as-christie-wins-first-after-becoming-interim-coach 
 ----- 
