Skip to main content
Pinstripe Alley homepage
a New York Yankees community
Follow Pinstripe Alley online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Pinstripe Alley main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

YANKEES LINK ROUNDUP
Around the Empire: Yankees news - 9/27/24

Judge’s latest homer binge; Yankee leaders seal the deal in AL East; Leiter to paternity list; Boone’s uncertain playoff status; a 2022 Yank retires

By Andrew Mearns@MearnsPSA  Sep 27, 2024, 5:00am EDT  11 Comments / 11 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Andrew Mearns is the managing editor of Pinstripe Alley, where he first started writing in 2012. He has also edited for multiple Baseball Prospectus Annuals and Futures Guides, contributes to the BP site, and previously wrote for Cut4 at MLB.com.

ESPN | Jorge Castillo: I’m not even going to say “in case you missed it,” because if you’re reading this Yankees news roundup, you almost certainly already know that the Yanks secured the AL East title last night with a blowout win over the Orioles. So why not read about it again? Castillo’s roundup of the action, excitement, and postgame quotes is as complete as you’re going to find. Aaron Judge did Aaron Judge things, Gerrit Cole was masterful on the mound, and Giancarlo Stanton put the game away with the kind of performance that inspires hope of the return of Postseason Giancarlo.

Stanton also had the quote of the celebration. It shouldn’t be as arrogance; it’s simply fact. There may be other teams that have better overall rosters than the Yankees, but everyone’s going to be gunning for them because they’re the Yankees. Mini-championship drought or not, that’s the name of the game when you wear the ol’ pinstripes.

MLB.com | Bryan Hoch: Here’s more from Hoch, this time on the aforementioned “Aaron Judge doing Aaron Judge things.” He was sitting on 53 homers less than a week ago and is now suddenly on the doorstep of 60 again after going yard in five consecutive games. It’s the second time in his career that he’s homered in five straight, and remarkably, no one else in Yankees history — not the Babe, not Lou, not Joe D., not the Mick, not Reggie, and not even Donnie Baseball after his own long homer streak — has ever done that multiple times. And of course, only Ruth, Roger Maris, and himself have ever topped 58 dingers in a season as a Yankee.

I say he makes it a clean 60, just for fun. Although perhaps a day off (as alluded) is indeed warranted for Judge after 157 starts out of a possible 158 games. He’s earned a quick breather!

The Athletic | Ken Rosenthal ($): Yes, this article was filed before the Yankees’ clinch on Thursday, but it’s still valid. The bubbly might still be all over the Yanks’ clubhouse from the division title celebration last night, but the pressure is going to be on manager Aaron Boone this postseason like never before. Rosenthal named Boone among his 10 managers who will be under the most scrutiny in the months ahead. With only a team option protecting him for 2025, Boone could be in trouble if the Yankees don’t make some noise in October. The organization clearly likes him a lot, but it will be hard to sell yet another early exit under him to the fan base as a productive season.

Yankees PR: Trade Deadline acquisition Mark Leiter Jr. has been pitching better in the last week after an ugly first month and change in pinstripes, but he was not available out of the bullpen last night. Earlier in the day, he was placed on the paternity list, as he and his wife, Megan, are about to have a baby. Another former Cubs deadline acquisition, Scott Effross, came up to the bullpen to take Leiter’s place, though he wasn’t used in the 10-1 triumph.

MLB Trade Rumors | Darragh McDonald: Just to keep the connections going, one of Effross’ teammates on the 2022 Yankees was utilityman Marwin Gonzalez. Better known as a member (and rampant, er, trash can benefactor) of the 2017 champion Astros, Gonzalez’s 11-year career came to an end in an honestly, mostly-forgettable bench role for the ‘22 Yanks. He went overseas afterward and spent two years with the NPB’s Orix Buffaloes but has officially filed retirement papers. Auf Wiedersehen.

MORE FROM PINSTRIPE ALLEY
The Best 50 Could-Have-Beens of the Yankees’ Past 50 Years
Yankees 2025 arbitration tracker: Four of five players sign
Potential Yankees Player Targets
Yankees thread the needle with Cody Bellinger acquisition
Presenting the 2024 Yankees Roster Report Cards
Pinstripe Alley’s Top 100 Yankees
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Pinstripe Alley Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Yankees news from Pinstripe Alley
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pinstripealley.com/2024/9/27/24255695/yankees-news-al-east-clinch-aaron-judge-homer-streak-giancarlo-stanton-team-to-beat-boone-leiter 
 ----- 
