Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Aaron Judge Makes New York Yankees History as Team Wins Division Title
The New York Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday night to capture the American League East title. In the win, Aaron Judge hit his 58th home run of the season to make some team history.
Brady Farkas | Sep 27, 2024
New York Yankees center fielder Aaron Judge (99) hits a two run home run during the seventh inning against the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium on Sept 26. / Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Yankees

The New York Yankees rolled the Baltimore Orioles 10-1 on Thursday night at Yankee Stadium. With the win, the Yankees are now 93-66. They have captured the American League East title and can officially spend the last weekend of the regular season trying to get the No. 1 seed in the American League playoffs.

They lead the Cleveland Guardians by 1.0 game in that quest.

In the win, Gerrit Cole dominated on the mound, going 6.2 innings while striking out five. He gave up no runs on two hits. Despite missing a big portion of the year with injury, Cole has gone 8-5 with a 3.41 ERA and would figure to be the team's game one starter in the postseason.

Offensively, Aaron Judge went 1-for-2 with a home run and two walks. The home run was his 58th of the season, marking the second time in his career that he's hit that number (he had 62 in 2022). Judge also has 144 RBI to go along with a .325 average. The presumptive American League MVP, Judge also made some unique team history with the blast.

Per Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

Aaron Judge is the first player in Yankees history with multiple HR streaks of at least 5 games in his career

Judge will get a chance to add to his streak on Friday night when the Yankees on the Pittsburgh Pirates. First pitch is set for 7:05 p.m. ET. Given that the Yankees have already wrapped up the division, there is a chance that Judge could take a day off.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 27, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/aaron-judge-makes-new-york-yankees-history-with-home-run-streak-as-team-wins-american-league-east-title 
 ----- 
