Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Yankees head to postseason as AL East champion
The New York Yankees, including Aaron Judge, center top, celebrate after clinching the American League East title in a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)
By RONALD BLUM | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 27, 2024 at 7:33 AM EST

NEW YORK — Aaron Judge, spritz from white and gold bottles of Luc Belaire Rare Luxe sparkling wine dripping down his 6-foot-7 frame, appreciated the moment.

“Nothing is ever guaranteed,” the Yankees captain said.

Judge hit his major league-leading 58th home run, going deep for the fifth straight game to help the Yankees romp over the Baltimore Orioles 10-1 on Thursday night and wrap up the AL East with three games to spare.

Quite different from 2023’s sputtering descent to an 82-80 record that nearly became the pinstripes’ first losing since 1992.

“Coming up short last year, it stings,” Judge said. “It hurts just like any other year that you don’t win a World Series, but that one hurt a little bit more. So we wanted to make a statement, come back here and put ourselves in a good position going into the postseason.”

After their 21st division title, including the first half of the 1981 split season, the Yankees (93-66) will open their 59th postseason at home Oct. 5 in a best-of-five Division Series against a winner of next week’s wild-card round.

Last year the Yankees missed the playoffs for the first time since 2016, when Judge made his big league debut in mid-August.

Judge, Juan Soto, Giancarlo Stanton and Gerrit Cole all know that Yankees are judged not by division titles but by World Series rings, like Yogi Berra’s 10, Joe DiMaggio’s nine and Derek Jeter’s five.

They wore T-shirts that blared in large letters: “We own the East” with “American League” in smaller type in the middle. But if they are to win their 28th World Series title and first since 2009, three more celebrations are needed.

Manager Aaron Boone curtailed his clubhouse postgame remarks.

“I said some things and then they just wanted to start spraying,” he recalled.

After a season of spurts and slumps, New York clinched no worse than a wild-card spot in Sept. 18 and celebrated with a booze-filled clubhouse bash in Seattle. The Yankees were 50-22 in mid-June, went 30-38 until early September and have won 13 of their last 19.

“You can’t you can’t take this for granted at all,” Stanton said. “It’s expected, for sure, but times like last year, it didn’t happen. So you got to appreciate it. We’re here now. Enjoy it. You never know if you ever get a chance at it again.”

New York arrived home this week needing one win to take the AL East crown but lost consecutive games to second-place Baltimore (88-71), putting the celebration on hold. The Yankees ended the Orioles’ one-year reign atop the division and left the Orioles with a wild-card berth,

“I don’t think we were the pick necessarily,” Boone said. “Understandable. What we came off of last year, we had a lot to prove.”

Judge increased his RBIs total to 144, the most in the big leagues since Ryan Howard’s 146 in 2008. Stanton hit his 27th homer and had four RBIs, and Cole pitched 6 2/3 innings of two-hit ball to outduel Corbin Burnes (15-9) in a matchup of Cy Young Award winners.

Cole, the reigning AL Cy Young Award winner, didn’t make his first start of the season until June 19 because of nerve irritation and edema in his throwing elbow that had sidelined him since spring training. He finished 8-5 with a 3.41 ERA.

“You just feel alive. It’s the best feeling. The stakes are high. The juices are flowing,” Cole said. “Last year was a humbling experience. It reminds you the game’s really hard, and this season was hard for us, as well, even though we clinched here with a few games to go.”

After Cedric Mullins hit a game-ending groundout to shortstop Anthony Volpe, who threw to first baseman Anthony Rizzo, the Yankees came out of the dugout and formed a brief jumping huddle between the mound and second base. Much of the crowd of 42,022 stood for a lengthy ovation.

Trying to hold off AL Central champion Cleveland for home-field advantage throughout the American League playoffs, the Yankees have a one-game lead and hold the tiebreaker over the Guardians (92-67).

“I start banging that desk from day one with our guys: `It’s coming for us. We think we’re going to go do special things this year but along the way, even in a great season and what we hope is ends with the championship, we’re going to face moments of truth. We’re going to face adversity. We’re going to face tough times. We got to be prepared to handle that,'” Boone said. “We’ve had a lot of gut-check moments, a tough loss or a tough stretch, and these guys have really just kind of stayed the course.”

Originally Published: September 27, 2024 at 7:32 AM EST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Millionaire in The Making? Ai Platform Transforms $900 Into $38,000 in 30 Days
Best Trader
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Peek!)
Tardive
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Psoriatic Arthritis: Silent but Dangerous - Know the Symptoms
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Myelodysplasia: First Indicators You Shouldn't Ignore
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Las Vegas: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
How To: Restore Perfect Vision Naturally (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vision
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Recover Your Joints: Try This Trick Before Bed (Eliminate Joint Pain)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Simple Methods Regrows Hair (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Vertigo: Do This to Relieve Dizziness (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Neuropathy? Try This Tonight (Before Bed)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Get a Clear Alternative
Invisalign
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
High Blood Sugar: Do This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Top Surgeon: Most People With Gut Issues Don't Know About This
WellnessGaze News
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Repossessed Cars Sitting in Las Vegas: Get Them! See the Price
Repo Cars I Search Ads
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
How to End Insomnia & Get Sleep (This Will Force Your Brain to Relax)
WG Sleep Health
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Dangerous Signs Crohn's Disease in Females (Take a Look!)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Today in History: January 9, the iPhone makes its debut
Today in History: January 9, the iPhone makes its debut
HS Ice Hockey Notebook: PDS embracing challenge of Gordon Conference
HS Ice Hockey Notebook: PDS embracing challenge of Gordon Conference
Trenton’s Animal Shelter Advisory board situation is A-paw-ling (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton’s Animal Shelter Advisory board situation is A-paw-ling (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
27
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/27/yankees-head-to-postseason-as-al-east-champion/ 
 ----- 
