Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
LA County sends evacuation order by mistake, causing panic, confusion among enraged residents
MLB
Giancarlo Stanton looks in playoff form with power burst during Yankees’ clincher
By Dan Martin
Published Sep. 27, 2024, 12:33 a.m. ET
59

It’s been a fairly ugly final month of the regular season for Giancarlo Stanton, who entered Thursday in a 9-for-56 funk with just one homer over his previous 16 games.

With October approaching, though, there was reason to believe he might get going soon, since, if nothing else, Stanton has been productive in the postseason.

And in Thursday night’s 10-1 win over the Orioles that clinched the AL East title for the Yankees, it was Stanton who led the way.

3
Giancarlo Stanton drove in four runs for the Yankees on Sept. 26.
Charles Wenzelberg
3
Giancarlo Stanton reacts after hitting a double during the Yankees’ win on Sept. 26.
Charles Wenzelberg

He homered in the second inning to give the Yankees and Gerrit Cole an early lead and then helped seal the game with a three-run double to right-center in a six-run sixth.

“He’s the X-factor for us,’’ Aaron Judge said. “We’ve seen it postseason after postseason. He comes up big-time with big hits for us. But I could see a different look in his eye [Thursday] when I walked into the field. He was locked in, he had a different focus, like that playoff-Stanton we’ve seen so many times.”

Unlike in some past years, there will be no debate about Stanton’s postseason role, since he is strictly a DH these days.

And he arguably has the best postseason résumé of any Yankee position player, with 11 homers and a .963 OPS in 110 plate appearances.

No one in the lineup has a higher playoff OPS and only Judge has more homers (13) but they’ve come in 88 more plate appearances.

“It’s the most important time of year,” Stanton said. “There’s no other option.”

Asked what gives Stanton an edge at this time of year, Aaron Boone said, “Talent and [he’s] very mentally tough. He’s very meticulous in how he prepares and is not affected by a bad at-bat, or the noise around this, that can leak in for some guys.

“He’s been through it and knows how to handle it.”

Overall, it’s been a solid bounce-back season for Stanton, who had a career-worst year in 2023, when the Yankees missed the postseason and he hit .191 with an OPS of .695.

A somewhat slimmed down version of Stanton has been much better this season as he looks to build momentum heading into the playoffs.

3
Giancarlo Stanton (l.) celebrates after hitting a home run for the Yankees on Sept. 26.
Charles Wenzelberg

With the double and homer on Thursday, 14 of Stanton’s last 21 hits have gone for extra-bases.

So while he’ll continue to be a sloth on the basepaths and strike out a ton, Stanton will try to live up to his sizable contract with another solid October.

That success wasn’t as apparent the last time Stanton and the Yankees made the postseason two years ago, when Stanton went just 6-for-32 with four extra-base hits.

But that came after a regular season in which he limped to the finish line.

59

What do you think? Post a comment.

He appears healthy now and the Yankees could use some protection for Judge and Juan Soto.

“When you have [Stanton] in the middle of the lineup, driving guys in, hitting big homers, it just gives this lineup so much depth and really takes the pressure off a lot of guys,” Judge said.

FILED UNDER BALTIMORE ORIOLES  GIANCARLO STANTON  NEW YORK YANKEES  9/27/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Trump's Connection To His Would-Be Assassin's Family Is Revealed
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Once-Iconic Rappers Who Are Still Rotting Away In Prison
Grunge.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Ivanka Trump Flaunts Her Killer Figure In Swimsuit Snaps
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/27/sports/giancarlo-stanton-looks-in-playoff-form-during-yankees-clincher/ 
 ----- 
