NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Yankees beat Orioles, clinch AL East title
Associated Press
September 27, 2024 - 1:30am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:340a827f54a624dcbda9b3b9 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Gerrit Cole surrendered just two hits over 6.2 innings pitched, and Aaron Judge cranked home run No. 58 as the New York Yankees clinched the AL East title, defeating the Baltimore Orioles 10-1 on Thursday.
12 comments

NEW YORK — Aaron Judge hit his major league-leading 58th home run, going deep for the fifth straight game to help the New York Yankees wrap up their second AL East title in three years with a 10-1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday night.

Giancarlo Stanton had four RBIs that included his 27th homer, Alex Verdugo also homered and Gerrit Cole outpitched Corbin Burnes in a possible postseason preview. Judge and Stanton homered in the same game for the 14th time this year, tying Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris in 1961 for the most in Yankees history.

New York assured itself a first-round bye and home-field advantage in a best-of-five AL Division Series starting Oct. 5.

Baltimore, which clinched a postseason berth by winning Tuesday night’s opener of the three-game series, will be in a best-of-three Wild Card Series starting Tuesday.

Stanton homered in the second to put the Yankees ahead and hit a three-run double in a six-run sixth.

Judge hit a two-run homer in the seventh against Bryan Baker and has 144 RBIs, the most in the major leagues since Ryan Howard’s 146 in 2008. Judge matched his career best by homering in five consecutive games.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:327febb7756e9b59a8d435e Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Making his last start before the playoffs, Cole (8-5) allowed two hits in 6 2/3 innings, struck out five and walked one, lowering his ERA to 3.41. He struck out Anthony Santander with a 98.1 mph fastball that ended the eighth after plate umpire David Rackley called a ball on the previous pitch, a knuckle-curve that appeared to be just above the strike zone. Cole glared as the umpire as the pitcher walked back to the dugout.

Cole was given a standing ovation when he walked to the dugout with two outs in the seventh and tipped his cap to the crowd of 42,022.

Burnes (15-9) allowed two hits in five innings, one walk and nine strikeouts — including eight on cutters. Burnes came out after 69 pitches and is likely to start the Orioles’ postseason opener on Tuesday. He had a 1.20 ERA in five September starts.

Stanton lofted a slider at the bottom of the strike zone into the left-field seats after missing badly at a slider on the prior pitch.

Austin Wells, in a 4-for-42 slide, forced in a run when he walked with the bases loaded against Cionel Pérez. Stanton drove the next pitch on one hop to the wall in right-center for a 5-1 lead. Stanton has 72 RBIs after hitting 6 for 18 with two doubles, two homers and eight RBIs in his last five games.

Anthony Rizzo added a two-run single against Baker.

Emmanuel Rivera hit a ninth-inning sacrifice fly for the Orioles.

UP NEXT

Orioles: LHP Cade Povich (2-9, 5.59) starts a series opener at Minnesota on Friday, when LHP Pablo López (15-9, 4.11) will be on the mound for the Twins.

Yankees: LHP Carlos Rodón (16-9, 3.98), 7-2 with a 2.87 ERA since the All-Star break. starts Friday’s series opener against Pirates RHP Jared Jones (6-8, 4.14).

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Athletics beat Rangers to send Coliseum out in style in final home game
White Sox stay at 120 losses as Flexen shines in victory over Angels
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/yankees-beat-orioles-clinch-al-east-title/ 
 ----- 
