Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies’ “kids” shine in 7-5 victory over Orioles
Cal Quantrill scratched from Sunday’s start with triceps injury
Colorado Rockies’ Jordan Beck gestures to the dugout after driving in Nolan Jones with the go-ahead run off Baltimore Orioles relief pitcher Craig Kimbrel in the eighth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: August 31, 2024 at 10:38 PM MDT

The Kid Rox were more than all right Saturday night in a 7-5 victory over the Orioles at Coors Field.

Rookie right fielder Jordan Beck delivered a clutch RBI single in the eighth to drive in Nolan Jones, who had reached on a one-out double to left-center. Beck then swiped third base and scored on rookie catcher Drew Romo’s infield groundout.

Beck delivered the first game-winning RBI of his career and Romo drove in a career-high three runs.

Colorado’s two-run, game-clinching rally came against veteran right-hander Craig Kimbrell, who’s become a weak link for a Baltimore team that is now 20-21 since the All-Star break but remains just 1 1/2 games behind the Yankees in the American League East.

The Rockies, with a 51-86 record, are on pace to lose 102 games, and they face a tough schedule in September. But manager Bud Black likes the idea of throwing his young players into the fire.

“This is good for our guys to go against these types of teams in September,” Rockies manager Bud Black said. “We talked about it last year. We don’t want to be in this position, but we are. The reality is we are. But is good for our guys to be in these games against teams that are vying for a playoff spot.”

Colorado’s unheralded heroes Saturday night were rookie relievers Luis Peralta, Seth Halvorsen and Jeff Criswell, who combined to pitch 3 1/3 scoreless innings. Criswell picked up his first career victory.

Rockies veteran right-hander Tyler Kinley scored his eighth save of the season, but it wasn’t easy. He gave up a leadoff walk to Cedrick Mullins, threw a wild pitch, and plunked Gunner Henderson to paint himself in a corner. But Kinley struck out three, including Adley Rutschmnan, to end the game.

Romo was pumped that Colorado’s young players delivered with the game on the line.

“This feels awesome,” said Romo, who extended his hitting streak to five games and his RBI streak to four games  “Beck hit the ball well tonight and did a great job stealing third in the eighth.

“And it’s crazy how many rookie relievers we have right now. I feel like there is a good connection with them. I’ve worked with them before, and they’re comfortable with me, and I’m comfortable out there with them.”

Colorado had a chance to take control in the seventh but couldn’t cash in. Ezequiel Tovar and Ryan McMahon drew back-to-back one-out walks, but reliever Yennier Cano struck out Brenton Doyle and got Brendan Rodgers to ground out to third.

The Rockies keep waiting for starter Ryan Feltner to turn the corner, but the hard-throwing right-hander keeps spinning out.

Feltner pounded the strike zone for the first three innings and kept the Orioles on the defensive. That changed in the fourth, and then the wheels came off in the fifth.

An infield hit by Rutschman, followed by a 437-foot, two-run homer by Anthony Santander got the Orioles on the board in the fourth.

The O’s tied the game, 5-5, in Feltner’s erratic fifth inning. Eloy Jimenez led off with a 441-foot homer to center. The Feltner hit Ramon Urias, gave up a single to Jackson Holliday, and jammed the bases by issuing a two-out walk to Rutschman.

Feltner needed one big pitch to escape the jam. He didn’t get it.  Ryan O’Hearn ripped a two-run single to center. Feltner’s night was over, meaning he hasn’t notched a victory since April 10 at Toronto.

The next step for Feltner, Black said, is “finishing off an inning and finishing off an outing.”

“He knows, and you learn through these battles,” Black continued. “He’s got the aptitude and the smarts to learn when you really have to get and out and when you really have to make a pitch. There’s an art to that.”

Feltner, however, didn’t think he pitched much differently in his first three innings vs. his last two.

“It was nothing about how I felt or any of the pitches I was throwing,”  he said. “It was just kind of results. Things went sideways, but I thought I stayed pretty consistent with the game plan.”

Feltner said he’s improved this season when it comes to keeping games in control.

“I definitely feel like I’ve done that throughout this year, and I feel like I’ve gotten better at that,” he said. “I don’t feel like it’s the next step for me. I think tonight just wasn’t my night.”

Colorado took a 3-0 lead in the second off Dean Kremer with a leadoff double by  Doyle and an RBI single by Rodgers. Then rookie catcher Drew Romo blooped a two-run double into left field.

Baltimore lost Kremer to injury in the fourth inning, when Beck hit a 103.1 mph comebacker off the right-hander’s forearm. Kremer was later diagnosed with a right forearm contusion and X-rays came back negative for a fracture.

Charlie Blackmon’s two-run triple to the gap in left-center off reliever Keegan Akin gave Colorado a 5-2 lead after four innings.

Quantrill scratched. Right-hander Cal Quantrill, who was scheduled to start Sunday afternoon’s game against Baltimore, was scratched because of right triceps inflammation, the club announced after Saturday night’s game.

They will start left-hander Ty Blach, whose contract will have to be selected from Triple-A Albuquerque. So a move will be necessary to create room for Blach on the club’s 40-man roster.

 

 

The latest Rockies news: Sign up for Breaking Rockies News email alerts.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Denver Post.

Originally Published: August 31, 2024 at 9:24 PM MDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Michael Malone almost shut down Jamal Murray at halftime in Dallas. Then Murray catalyzed a comeback win: “He’s not 100% healthy.”
A celebration of women’s hockey in Colorado sets American attendance record for PWHL Takeover
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Can Colorado's electric grid keep up as coal plants close and data centers open?
Broncos defense bullied by Bills’ rushing attack in wild-card round loss: “We never had an answer”
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Hit by an NYPD cruiser, she tried to report the accident. That’s when the runaround started.
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Owner of three struggling Connecticut hospitals files for bankruptcy 
Macy’s is closing 66 stores nationwide
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
August
31
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/08/31/rockies-kids-shine-victory-over-orioles/ 
 ----- 
