Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Jones, young Rockies find their fire vs. O's
Share
Jones, young Rockies find their fire vs. O's
September 1st, 2024

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share

0:00

0:14

DENVER -- Rockies outfielder Nolan Jones, the club’s star rookie last year, has endured a 2024 that has been often dim. But on Saturday night in the eighth inning of a 7-5 victory over the Orioles, he let his light shine.

Jones lined a Craig Kimbrel pitch into left field and dared the Orioles’ Colton Cowser to make the perfect throw to second. The hustle double ignited a two-run rally that was finished off by rookies. Jordan Beck delivered a solid RBI single, and Drew Romo’s run-scoring fielder’s choice gave him his third RBI of the game - - and rewarded Beck for stealing third.

This time last year, Jones fashioned a blazing finish that ended with him achieving 20 home runs and 20 steals, and finishing in fourth place in National League Rookie of the Year voting. This year, the best he can do is find his way back.

A swing that hasn’t fully clicked all season and two trips to the injured list with low back strains (and a knee injury during the first rehab assignment) leave Jones batting .215 in 60 games.

The lesson Jones applied in the eighth: When lightning doesn’t strike, create your own electricity.

“Maybe it was a homer last year; it hasn't been the same for me this year,” Jones said. “I'm getting back to myself and getting back to playing with that fire. That’s what makes me a good player.”

The Rockies (51-86) lost a crisply played game to the O’s on Friday, 5-3, and prevailed on Saturday as they develop with largely first- and second-year players. With the Orioles (78-59) leading the American League Wild Card standings and trailing the Yankees by 1 1/2 games in the AL East, Jones described the Rockies as hoping to follow the O’s footsteps while battling them.

“It's about building,” Jones said. “Honestly, this is a great team to look at. … They were pretty bad for a while, and look at them now. They’ve got a bunch of young stars over there playing really well.”

Related
Sullivan ready to make another leap with healthy 2025 campaign

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

January 10th, 2025

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

Jones hoping that 2024's rollercoaster fuels resurgence in '25

November 18th, 2024

'Lot of people there to support me': Jones feeling the love in return

August 19th, 2024

If Jones is trying to find his way back, Beck (38 Major League games, interrupted by a 60-game absence because of left hand surgery) and Romo (eight MLB games) are trying to find their way.

“This is what we come to the ballpark for every day,” said Beck, 23, the 38th overall pick in the 2022 MLB Draft out of the University of Tennessee. “Each and every one of us wanted that at-bat. Yesterday, the same thing. I was on deck [when the game ended], and in that situation, I would have been ready to hit.”

Romo drove in two runs on a bloop double in the second inning and answered the challenge by putting the ball in play in the eighth.

“Craig Kimbrel is one of the best closers of all time, so it’s crazy being able to face him in that situation,” Romo said. “Beck did a good job stealing third, and all I needed to do was just drive him in.”

It was a victory for Rockies youth. Before veteran reliever Tyler Kinley overcame a leadoff walk and a two-out hit batsman to earn his eighth save, rookies Luis Peralta, Seth Halvorsen and Jeff Criswell combined to limit the Orioles to one hit across 3 1/3 relief innings.

After the rubber game Sunday against the Orioles, the Rockies travel to face the Braves (in NL Wild Card position), Brewers (leading the NL Central) and Tigers (a surprise, currently 69-68).

“You learn from that,” manager Bud Black said. “You know what’s going on in the other dugout. You know what’s going on in the game. I talked about it to our guys. I want them aware of who we’re playing and what it means to the integrity of the season.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Jones’ goal is that of every player -- to overcome struggles the game offers and stand the test of time. In that sense, Jones felt he and young teammates coming through against a pitcher as accomplished as Kimbrel should be a building block.

“I can’t imagine facing that guy when he’s throwing 100,” Jones said. “Obviously it’s a different Craig. But you’ve still got to go out there, and he’s still nasty. I had a 2-0 count there and was able to put a good swing on the ball. Doing it against a guy like that is cool.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Nolan Jones

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/nolan-jones-jordan-beck-lift-rockies-past-orioles 
 ----- 
