Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
O's limping as AL East race becomes a sprint
Share
O's limping as AL East race becomes a sprint
Kremer (right forearm contusion), Urías (right ankle sprain) injured in loss to Rox
September 1st, 2024

Manny Randhawa

@MannyOnMLB
Share

0:01

0:56

DENVER -- When the Orioles left Coors Field on Saturday night, they were walking away from more than the ballpark. They were also walking away from August -- and gladly.

Baltimore went 13-15 during the month, which came to a close with a 7-5 loss to the Rockies that saw starting pitcher Dean Kremer and third baseman Ramón Urías exit prematurely with injuries.

7 injured O's who could impact stretch run

Baltimore was also unable to deliver the big hit it needed late, exemplifying the offensive rut the club has been in for much of the second half.

Kremer was drilled in the right forearm by a 103.1 mph line drive off the bat of Colorado’s Jordan Beck in the fourth inning. The forearm immediately started swelling up, and he was later diagnosed with a right forearm contusion. X-rays were negative, the team said.

Urías was grazed on the nose by a Ryan Feltner fastball that knocked him down in the fifth. Then, in the seventh, he sprained his right ankle when picking a short-hop throw by catcher Adley Rutschman as Ezequiel Tovar stole third base.

After the game, manager Brandon Hyde said the club wouldn’t know more about the condition of either -- and therefore a potential return timetable -- until Sunday.

“It was scary, too, to go out and see [Kremer’s arm] swelling up right away,” Hyde said. “We were fortunate that the X-rays were negative, but obviously it’s going to be a little bit for the swelling to go down.

“We’ll see how it goes.”

And therein lies the difficulty for the Orioles, a team that was 57-33 on July 7, with a three-game lead over the Yankees in the American League East. Injuries and a slowdown at the plate set in, and since then, Baltimore is 21-26, now 1 1/2 games behind New York in the division standings.

The Orioles will now have to see how it goes as the calendar flips to September. With the dog days of August in the rearview mirror, Baltimore knows a dogfight with the Yankees awaits over the final month of the regular season.

At least for now, they’ll likely have to do it without Kremer -- though Zach Eflin, who has a 2.13 ERA over four starts for the O’s since arriving via trade from the Rays, is slated to be activated off the injured list to start the series finale against Colorado on Sunday.

Related
Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

January 10th, 2025

Days after injury scare, 'determined' Kremer takes no-no into 7th

September 7th, 2024

'We're ready to go': O's overcome setbacks to return to playoffs

September 25th, 2024

Westburg, Urías waste no time impacting O's, but clinch will have to wait

September 22nd, 2024

The Orioles also will have to do it without their best hitter in recent days. Urías entered Saturday hitting .357 with two doubles, a triple and four home runs over his previous 14 games.

“Very frustrating,” said Ryan O’Hearn, who had a .667 OPS with one homer in August entering Saturday. “Ramón has been, I don’t wanna say carrying us, but close to it. … Hopefully, it’s nothing serious and we’ll get him back soon. Get Westie [Jordan Westburg] back, get Mounty [Ryan Mountcastle] back. Zach’s coming back tomorrow.

“We have reinforcements on the way at some point.”

Among those expected reinforcements as rosters expand from 26 to 28 players on Sunday is the club’s No. 1 prospect (MLB Pipeline’s No. 9 prospect overall), infielder Coby Mayo. Mayo made his MLB debut on Aug. 2 but struggled in his first taste of the Majors, batting .059 (1-for-17) before being optioned to Triple-A Norfolk.

Mayo could see time at third base in the absence of Urías, as could Emmanuel Rivera, who replaced Urías there on Saturday.

And then there are the players O’Hearn mentioned, though they may be returning closer to the range of mid- to late-September. Westburg is recovering from a right hand fracture and Mountcastle is working his way back from a left wrist sprain.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Orioles quickly addressed the hit to their rotation by signing veteran right-hander Adrian Houser on Saturday night. They also hope Grayson Rodriguez (right lat/teres strain) will return before the end of the regular season.

Whatever the active roster looks like by the middle of the month, every game from here on out could spell the difference between winning a second consecutive AL East crown or settling for a Wild Card spot.

“In the meantime, we’ve got to find a way to scratch and win games,” O’Hearn said. “ … We’ve got to have a little bit more of a sense of urgency. … That’s the goal: Show up tomorrow, win a game, win the series, take some momentum going back home, get hot in September, have some guys come back.

“That’s the plan. That’s all you can do.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Dean Kremer
Ramon Urias

Manny Randhawa is a reporter for MLB.com based in Denver.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dean-kremer-struck-on-right-arm-by-line-drive 
 ----- 
