Skip to content
Subscribe Now
19°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETSNews
Nikola Jokic scores 9 of his 46 points in overtime as Nuggets earn comeback win at Spurs
Nikola Jokic out-played Victor Wembanyama this time, with 46 points to lead an overtime comeback win for the Nuggets on Saturday.
Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic (15) drives against San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) during the second half of an NBA basketball game in San Antonio, Saturday, Jan. 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: January 5, 2025 at 3:55 PM MST

For the sixth time this season, the Nuggets won a game that they trailed by double digits in the fourth quarter, battling back in San Antonio for a 122-111 triumph in overtime on Saturday night.

The Nuggets (20-14) have won nine of their last 13 and managed to split a back-to-back with the Spurs. The road team won both nights.

Last-shot adjustments

Before overtime, the Nuggets had a chance to get out of San Antonio in regulation with the last shot after Devin Vassell’s game-tying tip with 14 seconds to go. Malone took a timeout to set up the play like he did with 17 seconds remaining in Denver 24 hours earlier.

In the first game of the back-to-back, the Nuggets were trailing by one, not tied. The final possession was thwarted by a combination of Jokic’s ill-fated improvisation and poor spacing around him, particularly with Russell Westbrook away from the ball. This time, the Nuggets played through Westbrook having the ball in his hands while Murray spaced the floor as a spot-up option.

The adjustment worked. Spacing was better. Execution was better, as Westbrook made the right read by finding Jokic for a pick-and-pop long two at the buzzer. It was a clean look, free of Victor Wembanyama’s wingspan. It simply rimmed out.

Jokic made up for it by dominating overtime. He scored nine of his 46 points, including a pretty elbow jumper with Wembanyama in his face, as if to remind the young phenom who the MVP is. He added a steal and multiple other deflections during the extra period, finishing the night 19 of 35 from the field with nine rebounds, 10 assists, two steals and two blocks.

Watson closes, defends Wemby honorably

Peyton Watson has not been a staple of Malone’s closing lineups this season, but he earned his way onto the court for the end of the fourth quarter and overtime in San Antonio thanks to his active hands, reflexes and physicality against Wembanyama.

On Friday night, the French center scored an efficient 35 points. But the Nuggets spoiled his 21st birthday, holding him to 20 points on 7-of-19 shooting with four turnovers. Watson played a major part with two blocks, including one in overtime as Denver pulled away.

Russell Westbrook also made one of the most important plays of the game four minutes in, cutting in front of Wembanyama’s path while dribbling the ball up the floor to draw Wemby’s second foul 70 feet from the basket. It planted San Antonio’s best player on the bench until the second quarter, allowing the Nuggets to survive their slow start offensively. They scored 40 of their 54 first-half points in the paint.

Back-to-backs better than long rest?

After arriving at their hotel in San Antonio after 3 a.m., the Nuggets are now 7-0 in the second game of back-to-backs this season. They’re also 4-0 in overtime games, with all four of those occurring during back-to-backs.

RELATED ARTICLES
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors

Unfortunately for Denver, the next opponent is Boston after two days off back home. The Nuggets are weirdly 3-5 this season after two or more days of rest. This will be their first matchup against the team that replaced them as defending NBA champions.

For perhaps the first time in those seven back-to-back wins, Denver’s players looked tired on Saturday. They went into the locker room after a 1-for-15 first half from the 3-point line, with nobody other than Jokic in double figures. Jamal Murray was off again, and his shot selection was often dubious — more long 2s than 3s when looking to score off the dribble. Michael Porter Jr. had only four points.

But the 6-foot-10 forward turned it on in the second half to keep the Nuggets alive, finishing with 28 points and 10 rebounds on a team that otherwise continued to struggle on the glass. He scored seven crucial points during the window of Jokic rest minutes at the start of the fourth, helping cut a 92-81 deficit to 96-91 when Jokic returned.

Originally Published: January 5, 2025 at 1:32 AM MST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
A 60-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All over
Dotmalls
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskenisia
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
15 Companies That Will Give You Food and Other Products for Free
The Penny Hoarder
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
What Triggers Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Shock You! (Learn More Inside)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
10 Worst Foods You Should Avoid Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
DNA Discovery Reveals Truth About Native Americans
novelodge
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Nancy Mckeon Has Been Married to Him All Along
Health Trition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Hair Loss May Become a Thing of The Past (This is Mind Blowing)
WG Hair Restore
If You Can't Sleep (Insomnia) - Do This Next Time You Sleep
WG Sleep Health
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
Five Broncos selected to 2024 AP NFL All-Pro team
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Renck & File: With no CU extension yet, it is easy to see Deion, Shedeur Sanders joining Tom Brady in Las Vegas
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver's roster?
Keeler: Broncos’ Bo Nix is ready for playoff battles with Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes in brutal AFC. “He’s built for this moment”
Broncos starting QBs since Peyton Manning, 2025 edition: Where are they now?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
2025
January
5
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2025/01/05/nuggets-spurs-overtime-nikola-jokic-46-points/ 
 ----- 
