Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
WEST
EAST
WATCH ON FLO
ALUMNI
TRYOUTS
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Facebook
 
Search
 Composite  Search 
Season Standings
Season Leaders
Season Individual Stats
Season Team Stats
Season Scores/Results
Posted: Sep 10, 2024
FRONTIER LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES PREVIEW
WRITTEN BY: MIKE GUISTOLISE

WASHINGTON, PA - The time has finally come. After a grueling 96-game regular season and the divisional round in the rearview mirror, two teams are left standing: the Washington Wild Things and the Québec Capitales. 

It is hardly a surprise that both of these teams find themselves in contention for a championship, combining for over 130 wins in the regular season while claiming the top spot in their respective divisions. Every journey, however, must come to an end.

For the Capitales, the word "dynasty" has been floated around the world of independent baseball as they find themselves in the championship for the third consecutive year. Their 2024 campaign was their most successful yet, winning the most games (64) in their history in the Frontier League while running away with the East Division by 10 games. Québec is incredibly difficult to match up with, averaging over six runs per game offensively. The flip side is that they have allowed five runs per game and have yet to string together consistent domination in the playoffs as they did during the regular season.

The Wild Things are in search of their first championship in their history. Coming off the heels of a historic season, Washington is primed to succeed in the playoffs, boasting the best pitching staff in the Frontier League. They have shown just how dangerous they can be, shutting out Lake Erie in both games of the West Division Series to punch their ticket to the championship. Of course, they have yet to see a team like Québec that can go punch-for-punch with them, so it will be interesting to see how the Wild Things respond to a beast of an opponent.

PLAYERS TO WATCH

The Capitales have no shortage of power, especially in their outfield. After going 0-for-5 in his first game of the playoffs, Justin Gideon has crushed opposing pitching with a .750 batting average and five RBIs in his last two games. Another element that makes Gideon an arduous player to pitch to is his limiting of strikeouts. In the first round, Gideon only struck out two times. No doubt his name will be highlighted on the scouting report for the Washington pitching staff.

Depth has proven to be a plus for the Wild Things as the season and postseason have worn on. One player that has been a big boost for the Washington offense has been catcher Ricardo Sanchez. In the brief series against the Crushers, Sanchez compiled five hits and drove in five runs including the only two for Washington in the West Division Series opener. The kicker is that he did all of that from the nine-spot in the lineup. Québec will need to strategize carefully against Sanchez if they hope to be crowned champions once again.

GAME DETAILS

FIRST PITCH: September 10th, 7:05 PM EDT at Wild Things Park (Washington, PA)

TV/RADIO: FloSports

PROJECTED SERIES PITCHING MATCHUPS:

Game 1 - RHP Ryan Sandberg (Québec) vs. LHP Kobe Foster (Washington)

Game 2 - TBA (Québec) vs. RHP Dariel Fregio (Washington)

Game 3 - TBA vs. TBA

Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
© 2025 Frontier League. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use
Learn about the site developer

We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy & Terms of Service.

I Accept

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.frontierleague.com/sports/bsb/2023-24/releases/2024091024t3b5 
 ----- 
