Skip to main content
The Dream Shake homepage
a Houston Rockets community
Follow The Dream Shake online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
The Dream Shake main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

ROCKETS GAME PREVIEWS
Houston Rockets vs. Washington Wizards game preview

The Rockets return to Toyota Center to take on the Wizards

By Armin Khansari@ak2themax  Nov 11, 2024, 12:00am CST  29 Comments / 29 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

The Houston Rockets escaped Detroit with a win (again), and now as a reward get to return home to the friendly confines of Toyota Center for three straight games.

The Washington Wizards are currently playing the Orlando Magic as I type this, so if anything happens in that game, this should explain why I am not mentioning it.

Both teams will be on a back-to-back with long flights to Houston at odd hours since each team played earlier than usual on Sunday night. So expect an odd contest with maybe one or both teams starting slowly. Houston will certainly need better games from their starting backcourt, as neither Fred VanVleet nor Jalen Green covered themselves in glory in Detroit (though Jalen’s poster of Cade Cunningham will live on forever in Houston fans’ hearts and minds).

Xiane will be in the Playback room tonight, so you should come join to watch the Rockets and talk about the game. Remember, we get a handful of VIP passes that we give out to anyone who wants to watch the game. No League Pass necessary!

Join us on Playback!
Photo by Tim Warner/Getty Images

Make sure to check out The Dream Shake’s official Playback stream to watch games with us! To sign up:

Head over to playback.tv and create an account with your email address
Connect and select your NBA League Pass login as your streaming account (sign up for League Pass here first if you don’t have it)
Go to https://www.playback.tv/thedreamshake and hit the JOIN button
Make sure to activate push notifications so you know when we’re going live

Tip-off

7pm CT

How To Watch

Space City Home Network

Injury Report
Rockets

Steven Adams: DTD

Wizards

Kyle Kuzma: DTD

Malcolm Brogdon: OUT

Saddiq Bey: OUT

The Line (as of this post)

N/A

Check here for updates

Looking ahead because we can

Wednesday night at home against the Clippers

MORE FROM THE DREAM SHAKE
Rockets continue their road trip as they face the Memphis Grizzlies
Houston Rockets vs. Memphis Grizzlies game preview
When could we see Jabari Smith Jr. back for the Rockets?
Rockets handle Wizards 135-112 behind Jalen Green’s big quarter
Rockets head east to take on Wizards
Houston Rockets vs. Washington Wizards game preview
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedreamshake.com/2024/11/11/24293109/houston-rockets-vs-washington-wizards-game-preview-jalen-green-alperen-sengun-alex-sarr 
 ----- 
