MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Alperen Sengun's 27 points and 17 rebounds help Rockets beat Wizards 107-92
Updated Nov. 11, 2024 10:44 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

HOUSTON (AP) — Alperen Sengun scored 27 points for a second straight game and added 17 rebounds, leading the Houston Rockets to a 107-92 win over the Washington Wizards on Monday night.

Sengun hit 12 of 19 shots and added three blocks. Jalen Green scored 18 points, Amen Thompson had 13, and Jabari Smith Jr. and Aaron Holiday each added 11.

With Fred VanVleet out due to a hamstring injury that coach Ime Udoka said was a day-to-day issue, rookie Reed Sheppard and Holiday saw increased minutes. Sheppard matched his early career high with seven points.

Washington forward Kyle Kuzma returned from a five-game absence due to a right groin strain and led Washington with 18 points on 7-for-18 shooting in 24 minutes. Jordan Poole had 11 points and eight turnovers.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Houston led 55-40 at halftime and never trailed.

The Rockets have won four of five and improved to 7-4, their best 11-game start since the 2019-20 season. Washington has lost five straight.

Takeaways

Wizards: Washington was outrebounded 58-34. The Wizards have failed to outrebound their opponent in all nine games this season. Jonas Valanciunas led Washington with eight rebounds in 17 minutes off the bench. Rookie second-overall pick Alexandre Sarr had six.

Rockets: Sengun has back-to-back 20-point games for the first time this season, a feat he regularly accomplished in last year’s breakout campaign when he averaged 21.1 points. Getting Sengun involved early and often is key for Houston’s success.

North Charleston: 50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
The 9 Best Travel Deals In Japan For Winter...
Travel Noire|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Key Moment

The Rockets went on a 10-0 run late in the second quarter, stretching a five-point lead into a 15-point lead that they never relinquished.

Key Stat

The Wizards made just one free throw in the first half on four attempts and finished 9 of 13, both season lows. Houston went 22 for 25.

Up Next

On Wednesday night, the Wizards visit San Antonio, while the Rockets host the Clippers.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Washington Wizards
Houston Rockets
National Basketball Association
Fred VanVleet
Jordan Poole
Kyle Kuzma
Aaron Holiday
Jalen Green
Alperen Sengün
Houston Rockets
Washington Wizards
NBA - Washington Wizards vs. Houston Rockets - 11/12/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/alperen-senguns-27-points-and-17-rebounds-help-rockets-beat-wizards-10792 
 ----- 
