News Partner
Philadelphia 76ers
Sixers fall to Lakers 106-116, go 0-3 on West Coast trip
By Zach Ciavolella
Posted on November 9, 2024
Nov 8, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Kelly Oubre Jr. (9) shoots against Los Angeles Lakers forward Anthony Davis (3) during the first half at Crypto.com Arena. Mandatory Credit: Jonathan Hui-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

The Philadelphia 76ers finished up a three-game Western Conference road trip on a sour note on Friday night. After falling to both the Phoenix Suns and the Los Angeles Clippers, the Sixers remained in LA, where they fell to the Lakers after struggling once again in the third quarter.

In the early going, Philadelphia struggled to defend the perimeter against LA, allowing the Lakers to knock down four threes in their first five shots. The Sixers came into the night as the second-worst team in terms of opponent 3P%, and that trend continued tonight as the team allowed the Lakers to shoot 45.7% from beyond the arc in this game. Philly’s defensive struggles were both inside and out, however, as the Lakers were able to shoot practically at will in the paint for the majority of the night.

The Sixers would see their third-quarter struggles continue once again, going nearly four minutes in one stretch without a basket. The fourth quarter brought a bit more of a push by Philadelphia, but in the end, it wasn’t enough, and the Sixers would continue their run at the bottom of the NBA Standings.

Philadelphia’s starters struggled, but the Sixers’ bench unit did well in spelling the starters in several opportunities, including Jared McCain, who led the team in scoring with 18 points to go along with

The Sixers drafted the right rookie
Sep 30, 2024; Camden, NJ, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) poses for a photo on media day at the Philadelphia 76ers Training Complex. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Since draft night, there has been much second-guessing around the decision made by the Philadelphia 76ers. It was not a question of Jared McCain’s talent, but rather selecting McCain over projected top 10 pick Dalton Knecht. Those discussions continued throughout the offseason, into the Summer League, the preseason, and even the beginning of the regular season.

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

Fans continued to debate the selection, as did certain media members. Yet, McCain simply continued to put in work through the noise, and a pulmonary contusion suffered in the preseason.

McCain came into the league with several legitimate orange flags. With his lack of elite, or even average, burst and a lack of strong ball handling, size, and athleticism, there were plenty of areas where one could legitimately nitpick. While he hasn’t completely quieted those questions, McCain has proven himself to a degree early this season.

McCain has become more and more willing and adept at working the ball into the paint and finishing with finesse.

One head-to-head game is not enough to make a definitive case; the body of work so far this season favors McCain, and he has the added benefit of Father Time on his side.

Up next for the Sixers
Nov 6, 2024; Charlotte, North Carolina, USA; Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball (1) during the second half against the Detroit Pistons at Spectrum Center. Mandatory Credit: Jim Dedmon-Imagn Images

Philadelphia returns home for a Sunday night matchup against the Charlotte Hornets. Once again, without both Joel Embiid and Tyrese Maxey, it will be yet another uphill battle for the Sixers, but thankfully, one against a far easier opponent.

Tip-off is set for 7 p.m., and you can catch the game live on NBC Sports Philadelphia, and you can listen live as always at 97.5 The Fanatic.

Tuesday can’t come soon enough.

Zach Ciavolella

Editor and beat reporter for Metro Philadelphia and Philly Sports Network covering the Philadelphia 76ers. Follow him on Twitter @CiavoNBA and follow the rest of our team for more quality content. “The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life – mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical” – DR. J

Related Articles
Sixers’ Joel Embiid has physical altercation with columnist, NBA to investigate
Sixers drop to 1-4 after frustrating 124-107 loss to Grizzlies
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey discusses building offensive chemistry
Sixers struggle mightily against Tobias Harris’ Pistons, fall 95-105
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
Loach Janitorial Cleaning
Cleaning Manager
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Today, 7 pm
The Murder Mystery Co’s Dinner Theater Show

cavanaugh’s headhouse
Tomorrow, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Tomorrow, 8 pm
Renegade: The Ultimate Tribute to Styx at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia

Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia
Jan. 12, 11 am
Hibernation Happenings

Tenafly Nature Center
Jan. 12, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
DA Bragg prepares for Trump hush-money conviction to fizzle out a day before sentencing
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Iconic Center City Macy’s set to close in March
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2024/11/09/sixers-fall-to-lakers-106-116/ 
 ----- 
