CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Mission not accomplished yet: Lopez

Published: 05 Feb 2024 - 10:34 am | Last Updated: 05 Feb 2024 - 10:48 am

Qatar players celebrate after qualifying for the semi-final on Saturday.

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Marquez Lopez took the challenging task of becoming Qatar’s head coach just a month before Al Annabi’s title defence at the AFC Asian Cup.

The Spaniard, who made the Qatar Stars League side Al Wakrah a force to be reckoned with, is now just two wins away from leading the team to their second successive title in the continental showpiece.

The holders defeated Uzbekistan in the quarter-final on Saturday after an epic battle as goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham excelled in the 3-2 penalty victory after a 1-1 stalemate.

There were scenes of ecstasy among Qatar players and their fans at the Al Bayt Stadium with players tossing hero Barsham after he blocked three penalties during the shootout.

Lopez now wants his players to stay focused with Iran, who eliminated title-favourites Japan, up next in the semi-final on Wednesday.


Marquez Lopez

“We believe reaching the semi-final is an achievement, but the mission is not accomplished yet,” said Lopez, who replaced Carlos Queiroz in December.

“We still have two matches and we want to give everything we can in these two matches, but we’ll take it one match at a time.”

The famous victory over Uzbekistan is Qatar’s fifth consecutive victory in their title defence and Lopez said the team must continue to play with winning mentality.

“Our goal is to always win, one match after the other and we’ve given everything we’ve got in this short period,” the 62-year-old said.

Lopez said preparations ahead of the quarter-final helped his team overcome the difficult Uzbekistan challenge.

“We studied the Uzbekistan team well and we knew they were a tough opponent,” said Lopez.

Read Also
Jordan semi-final will be another nail-biter, says Klinsmann
Ammouta urges Jordan players to channel semi-final joy into confidence
New York to host 2026 World Cup final

“We knew their strengths and weaknesses, for example we know they have two players who are very powerful and dangerous in attack so we tried to mitigate the threat represented by these players in an attempt to neutralise them.”

“We gave our best and scored the first goal, then we got nervous and our level dropped. But in the end we knew how to handle this match and we came out victorious,” he said.

‘Unbelievable feeling’

Meanwhile, Barsham credited team efforts for their victory over Uzbekistan in the quarter-final.

“The entire team worked hard in this game. It’s an unbelievable feeling to qualify for the semi-final for the second straight time. This victory is for fans and I want to thank them for their support,” said the custodian.

Qatar's goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham celebrates his team's win at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup quarter-final match between Qatar and Uzbekistan at Al-Bayt Stadium on February 3, 2024. Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP

Barsham said now his team would prepare for the tough semi-final against Team Melli.

“First off, we need to recover after tonight’s match, to be physically ready. The manager will give us everything we need to be ready as well.

“Since the beginning our goal has been defending the title, but we’re not thinking about that. It’s one match at a time. The atmosphere in the team is positive and this is what is making us united. We’re like a family,” he said.

Meanwhile, striker Almoez Ali has apologised for his missed penalty during the shootout against Uzbekistan.

“I took the penalty in a hurry and I would like to apologise for that miss,” said Almoez, who saw his hit blocked by Uzbekistan goalkeeper Utkir Yusupov.

“I hope to do well in the semi-final and hopefully we will qualify for the final. Our fans are our real support and we will do our best to make them happy.”

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
What caused South Korea's most deadly plane crash
Minister of Interior crowns winners of Founder's Purebred Arabian Camel Festival
Qatar reaches 5 million visitors in 2024: Tourism Triumph
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Doha Metro extends operating hours for December 31
German flying taxi startup Volocopter files for insolvency
2024 in review: Top 15 most viewed reports on The Peninsula
Doha Creative City celebrates cultural exchange through bread-making traditions
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/05/02/2024/mission-not-accomplished-yet-lopez 
 ----- 
