Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jimmy Carter dies
Norovirus outbreak
Kenny Pickett
Halifax plane incident
US tornadoes
SPORTS
Qatar has turned its fortunes around after World Cup exit and lit up home Asian Cup
1 of 4 |  

Qatar players celebrate their win during the quarterfinal soccer match between Qatar and Uzbekistan at Al Bayt stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

2 of 4 |  

Qatar supporters celebrate after their team’s win in the Asian Cup quarterfinal soccer match between Qatar and Uzbekistan at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

3 of 4 |  

Qatar players celebrate after their win in the Asian Cup quarterfinal soccer match between Qatar and Uzbekistan at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

4 of 4 |  

Qatar’s Ahmed Fathy Abdoulla celebrates their win during the quarterfinal soccer match between Qatar and Uzbekistan at Al Bayt stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

BY  JAMES ROBSON
Updated 4:00 PM UTC, February 6, 2024
Share

DOHA, Qatar (AP) — In the World Cup, Qatar is just another team.

In the Asian Cup, Qatar is a force to be reckoned with.

Just over a year since it exited its own World Cup in the group stage and without a single point, Qatar is one win away from back-to-back Asian Cup finals and the chance to retain its trophy.

The Maroons play three-time champion Iran in the semifinals on Wednesday at Al Thumama Stadium.

“Despite doubts from some quarters about Qatar’s chances of reaching the final, our team is filled with confidence and excitement, fueled by positive energy,” Qatar defender Tarek Salman says.

The tournament host has good reason to be positive.

In forward Akram Afif, it has one of the players of the tournament, while the team has been driven on by fervent support from fans whose passion does not appear to have been dimmed by the disappointment of the World Cup when Qatar was certain of elimination after just two group games.

“The motivation within our team is strong,” Salman adds. “Both sides are determined to reach the final. However, we won the title in the previous edition and we want to repeat that success again.”

RELATED STORIES
Al-Sadd clinches Asian Champions League playoffs spot after beating Ronaldo-less Al-Nassr
Japan on brink of reaching World Cup while Indonesia stuns Saudi Arabia
FIFA inspection praises Saudi Arabia bid to host 2034 World Cup ahead of Dec. 11 decision

Qatar won the Asian Cup for the first time in 2019 and has looked assured in its defense of the trophy, advancing from the group stage with maximum points and beating Palestine in the round of 16.

In the quarterfinals, it needed penalties to overcome Uzbekistan.

Iran was one of the pre-tournament favorites and will likely represent Qatar’s toughest test yet.

“Iran are a very strong team,” Qatar coach Marquez Lopez says. “We have not underestimated any team we have played in this competition so we will not start doing that against Iran.

“Of course we enter this match with big motivation, we are one step away from the final. We have a chance to reach a second straight final which is a big driving factor for us.”

Iran also advanced from the group stage with a 100% winning record and beat pre-tournament favorite Japan in the quarterfinals.

It is aiming for a record-equalling fourth Asian title and its first since 1976.

“I told the players to forget the Japan match. What is important now is to beat Qatar and reach the final,” Iran coach Ardeshir Ghalehnoy says. “We know they are a good team, the defending champions, and have spent a lot to improve the team.”

___

James Robson is at https://twitter.com/jamesalanrobson

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before...
During a five-day plenary meeting of the ruling Workers’ Party, Kim called the U.S....
AP News
Russian man arrested for alleged ly running LGBTQ+ travel agen...
A Russian man arrested for allegedly running a travel agency for gay customer...
AP News
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinn amon ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Americans can once again order 4 free at-h ome tests
Test Kits
Advertisement:
Linda Lavin, Tony-winning Broad way actress who starred in the...
Linda Lavin, a Tony Award-winning stage actress who became a working class icon...
AP News
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit Allowance
Advertisement:
In 2024, artificial intelligence was all about putting AI tools t...
Just over two years after the debut of ChatGPT, the world is getting a little...
AP News
Flavorful chorizo brings meaty depth to a paprika pinto bean...
This soup was loosely inspired by Portugue se feijoada. That's a rustic stew of beans,...
AP News
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Luxury Swim Spa Keeps Selling Out...
Luxury Swim Spa
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathrooms (Take a Look)
Newest Walk-In Tub:Advertisement
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/qatar-iran-asian-cup-semifinals-75a7a6bb408c290be43487c5ea61aa62 
 ----- 
