 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Monday, Dec 30th 2024 7AM 52°F 
10AM 53°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Former West Ham defender Arthur Masuaku scores superb free-kick as DR Congo beat Guinea to reach Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals
Arthur Masuaku scored an excellent free-kick as DR Congo beat Guinea 3-1
The win sees DR Congo secure their place in the semi-finals of AFCON 
Wanted by over 20 clubs around the world... where will Jesse Lingard end up? Listen to the It's All Kicking Off Transfer Week podcast 

By JEORGE BIRD FOR MAILONLINE

PUBLISHED: 17:37 EST, 2 February 2024 | UPDATED: 20:11 EST, 2 February 2024

e-mail
623
shares

27

View comments

Former West Ham defender Arthur Masuaku helped DR Congo to reach the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 3-1 win over Guinea.

DR Congo had come from behind to lead 2-1, with Masuaku then proceeding to make it 3-1 in the 82nd minute as he scored with a free-kick from a difficult angle.

That prompted wild celebrations from the DR Congo players and coaching staff as they secured their place in the last four, where they will take on Mali or Ivory Coast.

It was the third goal that Masuaku had scored for his country in 26 caps. 

A penalty from Mohamed Bayo had put Guinea in front but ex-Newcastle player Chancel Mbemba equalised for DR Congo.

+
3
View gallery

Arthur Masuaku scored an excellent free-kick as DR Congo beat Guinea at AFCON

+
3
View gallery

The DR Congo players celebrate wildly, with the win seucring their place in the semi-finals

TRENDING
College football star stomped on by Arkansas player breaks silence
117.8k viewing now
College football fans want player banned after 'disgusting' act
109.6k viewing now
NFL legend Terry Bradshaw shocks fans with Chiefs prediction
38.9k viewing now

Brentford's Yoane Wissa then put DR Congo ahead with a penalty before Masuaku made sure of the win.

DR Congo finished in second place in Group F having taking three points from their three group stage fixtures.

They subsequently beat Egypt on penalties in the round of 16.

Masuaku was at West Ham between 2016 and 2023 before signing for Besiktas, who he initially joined on loan before making the switch permanent.

During his time at West Ham Masuaku made 128 appearances. 

+
3
View gallery

Ex-West Ham defender Masuaku scored his third goal for DR Congo in his 26th appearance

West Ham United
Share or comment on this article: Former West Ham defender Arthur Masuaku scores superb free-kick as DR Congo beat Guinea to reach Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals
e-mail
623
shares
Recommended by
Comments 27

Share what you think

Newest
Oldest
Best rated
Worst rated
View all

The comments below have not been moderated.

View all

The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.

Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
Commanders star Jeremy Reaves proposes to girlfriend on the field after helping team reach playoffs
Double celebrations in store 
Dave Portnoy destroys Aaron Rodgers and New York Jets over viral video filmed before Buffalo Bills humiliation
Former MLB star Juan Jaime 'dies at 37 after suffering heart attack'
Watch the insane moment Vikings star Justin Jefferson produces 'one of the best catches ever' against Packers
Fans left in disbelief 
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
Ex-NFL coach Rex Ryan ripped apart by fans after exposing 'foot fetish' lock screen on ESPN
College football star stomped on by Arkansas' Fernando Carmona breaks his silence amid calls for rival to be banned
Furious reaction 
Tom Brady suffers embarrassing moment live on Fox as NFL legend's mind goes completely blank
NFL legend Terry Bradshaw shocks fans with Kansas City Chiefs prediction
Chiefs could be first team in NFL history to win a third-straight Super Bowl
ADVERTISEMENT
Jason Whitlock claims Colorado players rented out a strip club TWICE before heavy Alamo Bowl defeat
Matthew Gaudreau's wife Madeline gives birth to baby boy four months after husband's tragic death
College football fans want Arkansas' Fernando Carmona banned for life after his 'disgusting' act
Hugo Sotil dead aged 75: Tributes pour in for Barcelona legend and Johan Cruyff's incredible strike partner after passing away with 'health problem'
Former Jets coach Eric Mangini makes shock accusation against Aaron Rodgers
Arsenal legend Jens Lehmann puts £10.7m six-bedroom villa up for sale after his wife found a new younger partner... and neighbours are delighted after he attack...
Ja'Marr Chase gives three-word verdict on Joe Burrow after Bengals' huge win over the Broncos
Lions QB Jared Goff reveals why he has 'issue' with 49ers' Brock Purdy: 'Got to relax'
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas
After receiving treatment for a brain tumor earlier this year 
Taylor Swift fans give the same verdict on Travis Kelce's latest date night outfit
Fans of pop superstar are reacting to the festive and swanky outfit he wore
ADVERTISEMENT
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
Arne Slot weighs in on Trent Alexander-Arnold's future after Liverpool star appeared to drop a major hint about Real Madrid interest with his goal celebration i...
Imane Khelif, Scottie Scheffler, Simone Biles and more: The most-searched athletes of 2024
Olivia Ponton drops Joe Burrow romance hint with cryptic message before Bengals win
Amid romance speculation 
Cowboys-Eagles descends into chaos with three players ejected after wild sideline brawl
Astonishing scenes in dying seconds 
Mike Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Jake Paul defeat
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League hotshot he should make a move for…  CHRIS SUTTON rev...
ADVERTISEMENT
Video resurfaces of Arkansas' Fernando Carmona 'playing dirty football' amid CJ Baskerville outrage
After fans called for player to be banned for life 
Former Russia international footballer dies, aged 43, fighting in Ukraine - after joining Vladimir Putin's forces to escape 10-year prison sentence for drug smu...
Shocking moment Miami football players brawl on the sideline during Iowa State bowl game
ADVERTISEMENT
Travis Kelce gets emotional $120,000 Christmas gift from Chiefs teammates after his $6m home was robbed
Was delighted with it 
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
NFL insider reveals where Aaron Rodgers could go if he leaves the Jets
Man City January transfer briefing: JACK GAUGHAN reveals the seven players on City's radar, the latest on Jack Grealish and Kyle Walker's futures and what their...
Ruben Amorim makes young fan's 'dream come true' with a touching gesture - as Man United's 'humble' boss takes him for a lap around Carrington in his car
Erling Haaland becomes a dad for the first time after partner Isabel Haugseng Johansen gives birth - as Pep Guardiola accidentally reveals the big news!
Shocking moment Amen Thompson slams Tyler Herro to the floor in Heat-Rockets game before melee breaks out
Buyer of Michael Jordan's cut-price $9.5m Chicago mansion revealed
Plans to honor legacy of NBA great after putting him out of misery 
'World's sexiest footballer' Alisha Lehmann shows off her football skills on the beach in the Maldives - after jetting off for winter break while boyfriend Doug...
Angry Jaguars fans fly banner over team's stadium with brutal message to owner Shahid Khan
Evangelos Marinakis reveals Nottingham Forest's plan for the January transfer window... as Nuno Espirito Santo's side aim for a historic top four finish after f...
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
Las Vegas Raiders suffer travel nightmare after mechanical issue on their flight
Man City are in danger of losing ANOTHER young star after Cole Palmer and Morgan Rogers - as Bayer Leverkusen lead the chase with midfielder's contract running ...
Kevin De Bruyne names the Man City star who brought much-needed 'energy' to snap winless run against Leicester - after Pep Guardiola admitted he had been 'unfai...
ADVERTISEMENT
Real Madrid confirm their January transfer plans - with an impact from Trent Alexander Arnold's free move which is now 'very close to becoming a reality'
Cam Newton slammed for bold WNBA prediction with fans calling it the 'worst take of 2024'
Mo Salah gives update on his contract situation at Liverpool after starring in the Reds' 5-0 thrashing of West Ham
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool PLAYER RATINGS: Who was majestic in Arne Slot's midfield? And which Hammers man was overran and disorientated?
Newcastle January transfer briefing: CRAIG HOPE reveals who NUFC are after, what three positions need reinforcements and what will happen to Alexander Isak and ...
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Cricket fans blast Travis Head for his 'very rude' celebration in Boxing Day Test - but there's an innocent explanation
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce take their relationship to the next level with life-changing move
Neal Maupay aims savage jibe at Everton team-mates after nightmare spell at Goodison Park - before boxing star and Toffees fan Tony Bellew hits back with X-rate...
Commanders reach NFL playoffs for first time since 2020 as Jayden Daniels inspires overtime win vs Falcons
ADVERTISEMENT
James Maddison bites back at fan who branded him 'unacceptable' for watching the darts with Tottenham team-mate Brennan Johnson at Ally Pally... just hours afte...
NBA icon Isiah Thomas, 63, reveals shock health news
Referee left bloodied after suffering gruesome cut in wild brawl at college football game
Peter Wright reveals exactly what he told Luke Humphries after knocking him out of the World Darts Championship - with pair embracing at the Ally Pally after wa...
Ex-France star tells Cristiano Ronaldo he 'talks s***' after he doubled down on criticism of Ligue 1 - and claims the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would 'get ea...
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
Amad Diallo appears to fire shot at former Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag as he opens up on life at Old Trafford under Ruben Amorim
Australia win one of the greatest Boxing Day Tests ever as Indian star blows up at umpires over VERY controversial dismissal
Washington Commanders pay tribute to Jimmy Carter after ex-president's death with silence before Atlanta game
Los Angeles Dodgers World Series hero Teoscar Hernandez agrees $66million deal to return to champions
ADVERTISEMENT
Jake Paul watches speed skater girlfriend Jutta Leerdam win fourth Dutch sprint title - before they share a kiss in celebration
Aston Villa reignite interest in £25m Borussia Dortmund star Donyell Malen - as Unai Emery plans up to THREE January additions to put season back on track
What has happened to Pete Sampras since he retired and why has he shied away from fame?
Wayne Rooney admits he could RESIGN from Plymouth job after under-fire boss loses again to remain rooted to the bottom of the Championship table
Tommy Fury's replacement for Misfits Boxing show is revealed after he controversially pulled out of fight with Darren Till
Yankees star Aaron Judge and his wife get life-changing news
After he suffered heartbreaking World Series defeat against the Dodgers
Tyreek Hill drops major hint he could be traded to the Los Angeles Chargers
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night showdown with Arsenal star's fiancee'
Fans outraged as NBA star Anthony Edwards is fined $100k for using 'soft' curse words in postgame interview
Ex-Mississippi State running back Dontae Walker, who served jail time for drug possession, dead
ADVERTISEMENT
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool: Arne Slot's side close out 2024 with a dominant victory at the London Stadium to extend their lead at the top of the table
Cricket fans go wild over Isa Guha's commentary in the Boxing Day Test - for a VERY surprising reason
Danica Patrick reveals why she got a back tattoo as she points out easiest way to spot a Republican
Patriots set for top draft pick in 2025 as shock Giants win dramatically reshuffles order
Huge boost despite miserable season 
Pat McAfee accused of firing off at ESPN rival Stephen A. Smith after Shannon Sharpe hit out at a colleague
Mohamed Salah reveals the 'funny thing' Virgil van Dijk did in the dressing room before the Egyptian starred in Liverpool's rout over West Ham
Armando Broja reveals Everton made several attempts to sign him as striker vows to help solve his side's goalscoring problems
World's greatest chess player Magnus Carlsen quits tournament after being told he cannot play while wearing jeans
Travis Kelce recharges with Taylor Swift in romantic New York trip
After spending his Christmas Day on the football field 
French swimmers reveal shocking state of their Olympic bronze medals four months on from Paris 2024 - after terrible conditions of medals went viral in summer
ADVERTISEMENT
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's 'pointless' to stay at the club because he's 'not cu...
EXCLUSIVEAEW's Chris Jericho reveals the only person who can tell him to stop wrestling after 'please retire' chants
There will come a time when he quits  
Ange Postecoglou admits Tottenham's draw with Wolves 'hurts immensely' as he vows to fight on after stars were BOOED off following late equaliser
AC Milan sack Paulo Fonseca with a terse 32-word statement after just SIX MONTHS - and 'have already lined up replacement'
Indian supporters hit back in bizarre fashion after Aussie fans' foul-mouth chant about Virat Koli
Chelsea January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Clay Travis accuses Ryan Clark of using his race 'to mask his insecurities' in astonishing attack
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus Rashford... and the Euro 2024 star who could save Man City's...
ESPN staffer dies days before Christmas as emotional colleague fights back the tears during on-air tribute
Staggering amount Beyonce was paid by Netflix to perform at halftime of Ravens-Texans NFL game
For Christmas Day spectacle in Houston
ADVERTISEMENT
Tottenham 2-2 Wolves: Pressure builds on Ange Postecoglou as Spurs are noisily booed at the final whistle after late equaliser
Premier League release statement after Brighton star Joao Pedro incredibly ESCAPES a red card after vicious elbow throw which missed opponent by inches
Are Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez secretly MARRIED? Football superstar's slip of the tongue at awards gala sets off the rumour mill
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property - and the secret to keeping him at the club, writes CR...
West Ham hero reveals heartbreaking reason why he has stopped cancer treatment as former footballer opens up on health battle
From sulky to silky in eight months: Mohamed Salah might be the world's best... and he's spearheading a Liverpool attack that has the Reds a cut above rest, wri...
Why this simple photo of Lleyton Hewitt's son Cruz with world No.3 Carlos Alcaraz has stunned Aussie tennis fans
Beyoncé sparks frenzied social media reaction as she flashes bold gesture during halftime show in first appearance since Jay-Z rape claim
College football team's unusual new play sparks heated debate among fans
Rutgers attempted an unusual new play on the doorstep of the end zone
Scottie Scheffler undergoes surgery after freak accident preparing Christmas dinner
Scheffler was will miss the 2025 season-opener in Hawaii next month
ADVERTISEMENT
Inside Tom Brady's Las Vegas gamble as the NFL icon prepares to take the helm at the Raiders
Golf star Viktor Hovland suffers a freak injury in the BEDROOM - putting PGA Tour opener participation in doubt
Man United to 'cut the funding to their own CHARITY' as 'Scrooge' co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe continues controversial penny-pinching despite fierce criticism
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Arsenal legend Jens Lehmann puts £10.7m six-bedroom villa up for sale after his wife found a new younger...
Australia win one of the greatest Boxing Day Tests ever as Indian star blows up at umpires over VERY...
Man City January transfer briefing: JACK GAUGHAN reveals the seven players on City's radar, the latest on...
Hugo Sotil dead aged 75: Tributes pour in for Barcelona legend and Johan Cruyff's incredible strike partner...
James Maddison bites back at fan who branded him 'unacceptable' for watching the darts with Tottenham...
Ad Feature
Ollie Watkins to score or assist NOW 1/1 - as 19/20 favourites Aston Villa host 5/2 outsiders Brighton in...
Former Russia international footballer dies, aged 43, fighting in Ukraine - after joining Vladimir Putin's...
Ex-France star tells Cristiano Ronaldo he 'talks s***' after he doubled down on criticism of Ligue 1 - and...
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Chelsea team that drew 2-2 with Ipswich in winter 2000?
Imane Khelif, Scottie Scheffler, Simone Biles and more: The most-searched athletes of 2024
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League...
Newcastle January transfer briefing: CRAIG HOPE reveals who NUFC are after, what three positions need...
Peter Wright reveals exactly what he told Luke Humphries after knocking him out of the World Darts...
Aston Villa reignite interest in £25m Borussia Dortmund star Donyell Malen - as Unai Emery plans up to THREE...
Ruben Amorim makes young fan's 'dream come true' with a touching gesture - as Man United's 'humble' boss...
My team of the year is packed with Boks, a couple of Scots and even one Georgian... but there's no space for...
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property -...
Evangelos Marinakis reveals Nottingham Forest's plan for the January transfer window... as Nuno Espirito...
Kevin De Bruyne names the Man City star who brought much-needed 'energy' to snap winless run against...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-13039805/West-Ham-Arthur-Masuaku-scores-free-kick-DR-Congo-beat-Guinea-Africa-Cup-Nations-semi-finals.html 
 ----- 
