  
THIS IS AN ARCHIVED TOPIC WHICH IS NOT REGULARLY UPDATED

Superb catching illuminates England's win over Afghanistan

Sam Curran takes 5 for 10, the best T20I figures by an England bowler, but is overshadowed by some stunning grabs by Liam Livingstone, Adil Rashid and Jos Buttler

Nick Howson | 22/10/2022 at 15:16

Perth: Afghanistan 112, England 113-5 - England won by five wickets

Scorecard

England produced a fine fielding performance to ease to victory over Afghanistan in their opening men's T20 World Cup Super 12s match.

Sam Curran took 5 for 10, the best T20I figures by an English bowler, as the Afghans were dismissed for 112.

It was an innings illuminated by some wonderful catching in the field. 

Liam Livingstone leapt to dismiss Hazratullah Zazai (7), Adil Rashid ran back to catch Najibullah Zadran (13) and captain Jos Buttler threw himself full length to his right to grab Mohammad Nabi's legside glance.

The 2010 winners refrained from taking too many risks in the chase, despite the carrot of a huge net run rate swing and rain around the tournament.

Mohammad Nabi's side were soundly beaten (Paul Kane/Getty Images)

Jos Buttler (18), Alex Hales (19) - dropped twice on 4 and 17 - and Dawid Malan (18) got them off to a steady start but the experiment of Ben Stokes (2) at No.4 again failed to come off.

The dismissal of Malan saw Afghanistan stage their own bid for the catch of the match, with Mohammad Nabi diving to his right at extra cover to take a brilliant catch but they were otherwise lacklustre in the field defending a small total.

Rashid Khan was economical but England milked him for singles before Harry Brook (7) holed out to long-on.

Livingstone (29) and Moeen secure the win with 11 balls of the innings remaining, with the result confirmed via a third wide from Azmatullah Omarzai.

Related Topics
New Zealand stun defending champions Australia in Super 12s opener
Ben Stokes: Boundary markers should be looked at after Reece Topley injury
T20 World Cup 2022 fixtures: Full schedule, dates

38
Shares
 Share
Comments
Your name
Your email

Your comment ....
Post Comment 
No comments received yet - Be the first!
LATEST NEWS
A Bazball reality check, county concerns and ECB failures - the best of George Dobell in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

The Big Three will return, Ireland's next superstar and the diary of a cricket writer - the best of our columnists in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

Northamptonshire link sparks Bedford hopes of producing next Emilio Gay

Schools | The Cricketer

STAY UP TO DATE
Sign up to our newsletter...
I confirm I would like to receive The Cricketer Newsletter which may include other news and promotions from The Cricketer
SIGN UP

Units 7-8, 35-37 High St, Barrow upon Soar, Loughborough, LE128PY

website@thecricketer.com

Welcome to www.thecricketer.com - the online home of the world’s oldest cricket magazine. Breaking news, interviews, opinion and cricket goodness from every corner of our beautiful sport, from village green to national arena.

About Us
Contact
Advertise
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecricketer.com/Topics/mens-t20-world-cup-2022/england_v_afghanistan_mens_t20_world_cup_2022_report_result_score_scorecard.html 
 ----- 
