Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Mookie Betts, Shohei Ohtani help Dodgers force win-or-go-home NLDS Game 5
By Associated Press
Published Oct. 10, 2024, 1:00 a.m. ET

SAN DIEGO — Mookie Betts homered for the second straight night, Shohei Ohtani hit an RBI single and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat Dylan Cease and the San Diego Padres 8-0 on Wednesday night to force a deciding Game 5 in their tense NL Division Series.

Will Smith and Gavin Lux each hit a two-run homer for the Dodgers, who snapped a two-game losing streak and now return home for the next matchup between the NL West rivals on Friday night.

“We have a bunch of grinders, a bunch of fighters,” Betts said after the Dodgers posted the largest shutout win in franchise postseason history. “We knew it wasn’t going to be easy.”

4
Mookie Betts belts a solo homer in the first inning, the first of his two long balls, in the Dodgers’ 8-0 win over the Padres in Game 4 of the NLDS on Oct. 9, 2024.
AP

The Padres won 10-2 at Dodger Stadium in Game 2 on Sunday night, when tempers flared on the field and in the stands.

The winner will have home-field advantage in the National League Championship Series against the New York Mets, who eliminated the Philadelphia Phillies in their NLDS.

“I’m proud. … Your desire’s got to be more than your opponent’s,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “To see our guys go through what they’ve been through, and respond the way they have, it makes me excited about Game 5.”

The Dodgers got a superb effort by opener Ryan Brasier and seven fellow relievers in a bullpen game, holding the Padres to seven hits and extending their scoreless streak to 15 innings. Evan Phillips, who got the win, retired Jurickson Profar, Manny Machado and Jackson Merrill on five pitches in the sixth.

“Overall the guys were efficient, understanding that they’re going to have to do up/downs, go a little bit longer potentially,” Roberts said. “So the efficiency of the strike zone was huge and it gives us options for Game 5.”

The Dodgers hushed the Petco Park-record crowd of 47,773 that had hoped to see San Diego eliminate LA in the NLDS for the second time in three seasons.

4
Shohei Ohtani rips an RBI single in the second inning of the Dodgers’ Game 4 win.
AP

With All-Star first baseman Freddie Freeman sidelined by a troublesome right ankle sprain, Betts and Ohtani — who starred in his first season with the Dodgers — needed to produce to keep LA’s season alive.

They did just that, with Betts driving in two runs on two hits and Ohtani bringing in one run and reaching base three times.

With the Dodgers up 5-0, the Japanese superstar was thrown out trying to score from second on Teoscar Hernández’s single in the fourth that caromed off third baseman Machado’s glove and hit umpire Mark Ripperger.

Machado circled around the ump, grabbed the ball and fired it to catcher Kyle Higashioka, who tagged Ohtani for the third out.

4
Mookie Betts accepts congratulations from teammates after belting the first of his two home runs in the Dodgers’ Game 4 win.
AP

The Padres’ gamble to start Cease on short rest backfired. He got Ohtani to ground out opening the game before Betts homered on a full-count pitch.

Cease put on two runners with one out in the second and after getting the second out, was chased by Ohtani’s RBI single to right on his 38th pitch.

“I like how the ball was coming out of my hand and I didn’t feel like I shot myself in the foot too much, which I felt like I’ve been doing. I felt good out there,” Cease said. As for the early hook, “It depended on results and unfortunately the results weren’t here today.”

Betts hit an RBI single on Bryan Hoeing’s first pitch for a 3-0 lead, quieting the towel-waving sellout crowd.

4
MLB playoff bracket

This time, Betts had no doubt about his home run. He drove a 3-2 pitch into the Padres’ bullpen beyond the fence in left-center and raised his right index finger as he rounded first while Ohtani raised his arms in celebration in the dugout.

On Tuesday night, Betts homered to left but thought Jurickson Profar had robbed him once again and turned toward the dugout before his teammates and even Padres starter Michael King motioned that it was a homer.

Profar robbed Betts of a home run in Sunday night at Dodger Stadium and trolled the fans.

That game was stopped for 12 minutes after fans threw baseballs at Profar and trash onto the outfield.

Betts snapped an 0-for-22 playoff slump with his homer Tuesday night.

“I’m not trying to win the game for us. And we got plenty of guys that can win games for us,” Betts said. “I just want to do my part in the team. And that’s all I’ve been focused on.”

Ohtani hit a tying three-run homer off Cease in the slugger’s highly anticipated playoff debut, a 7-5 victory on Saturday night. Ohtani became the first member of the 50-50 club this season with 54 homers and 59 stolen bases.

With Max Muncy aboard on a leadoff double in the third, Smith drove a pitch from Hoeing to the batter’s eye in straightaway center field for a 5-0 lead. The Dodgers added on in the seventh with Tommy Edman’s sacrifice fly and Lux’s two-run shot to right off Wandy Peralta.

What do you think? Post a comment.

The Dodgers kept slugger Fernando Tatis Jr. in the yard after he hit three homers in the first three games, including two on Sunday night, and four overall this postseason. Brasier struck out Tatis in the first, the star’s first whiff in six playoff games.

“They executed as a group tonight, credit to them,” Tatis said. “We were rolling as an offense. But we had a couple of innings that didn’t go in our favor. We need to get a better approach at the plate. … just better at-bats as a group.”

FILED UNDER LOS ANGELES DODGERS  MLB PLAYOFFS  MOOKIE BETTS  SAN DIEGO PADRES  SHOHEI OHTANI  10/10/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Caitlin Clark's Incredible Transformation Will Leave You In Awe
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/10/sports/mookie-betts-shohei-ohtani-lead-dodgers-to-dominant-game-4-win/ 
 ----- 
