    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  West Indies name final 14 to face Australia in first T20
SPORTS
West Indies name final 14 to face Australia in first T20
July 9, 2021 0
West Indies captain Kieron Pollard (centre) would hope his men can rebound from the recent series defeat against South Africa (Photo by Randy Brooks/AFP)

The Cricket West Indies Selection Panel has announced the 14-member squad for the first of the five match CG Insurance T20 International (T20I) Series against Australia. The match will be played under lights at the Daren Sammy Cricket Stadium on Friday, July 9, with the first ball at 19:30h.

Leg-spinner Hayden Walsh Jr. has been named in the match-day squad while all-rounder Fabian Allen returns from injury sustained in the recent series against South Africa. All-rounder Jason Holder is being rested for this series as part of his workload management, and he is expected to feature in upcoming One-Day Internationals and Test matches.

Roger Harper, Lead Selector said: “Hayden Walsh Jr adds variety and another wicket-taking option, while Fabian Allen, who was unavailable for the last game because of injury, returns. Considering the opposition, it is important that the team plays well in all departments, especially the batting, which needs to deliver more consistently.”

This CG Insurance T20I Series forms part of the West Indies’ World Cup preparation with a total of 15 T20Is to be played across three months in the build-up to the ICC T20 World Cup to be played from October 17 to November 14 in the United Arab Emirates and Oman.

Fans in the Caribbean can watch exclusively live on Flow Sports or via the Flow Sports app. West Indies fans can also follow live ball-by-ball scoring in the www.windiescricket.com live match centre, featuring the new live match blog. Live radio commentary is available on a number of radio stations across the Caribbean and available worldwide, except in India and Bangladesh, on the Windies Cricket YouTube channel.

Fans in Australia can follow this match and the entire West Indies vs Australia CG Insurance T20I and ODI Series live on Foxtel’s Fox Cricket channel as well as via live stream on Kayo Sports.

FULL SQUAD: Kieron Pollard (Captain), Nicholas Pooran (Vice-Captain), Fabian Allen, Dwayne Bravo, Sheldon Cottrell, Fidel Edwards, Andre Fletcher, Chris Gayle, Shimron Hetmyer, Evin Lewis, Obed McCoy, Andre Russell, Lendl Simmons and Hayden Walsh Jr. (windiescricket.com)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Speaker says will decide next week if Harmon’s No-Confidence Motions ‘properly qualify’
Next article
Matthews, Mohammed lead West Indies Women to victory over Pakistan
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Two-tier World Test Championship system would signal the end of West Indies cricket – Sir Clive Lloyd
Sports
GDF ‘A’ surges to Women’s Football title
Sports
Mid-year earmarked for completion of Mackenzie Multipurpose Stadium
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
UG’s Andrew Thom receives reputable overseas awards
Editor - January 7, 2025
Walk-in locations being established for cash grant registration – Finance Minister
Editor - January 7, 2025
32 workplace deaths reported for 2024
Editor - January 7, 2025
US$750M investment to target electricity theft, losses this year
Editor - January 7, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
July 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4
5	6	7	8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15	16	17	18
19	20	21	22	23	24	25
26	27	28	29	30	31	 
« Jun   Aug »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/07/09/west-indies-name-final-14-to-face-australia-in-first-t20/ 
 ----- 
