Skip to content

Home » Current Affairs » OPSC » Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024 for OPSC Exam

OPSC, Current Affairs

Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024, OPSC Exam Current Affairs

Check latest Daily Current Affairs for OPSC Exam here. Click here to know more about Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024, Current Affairs & GK for OPSC 2024 prelims and mains exam.

Prafulla Vats

May 20, 2024

Table of Contents

Daily Current Affairs for OPSC Exam

Check out the Daily Current Affairs for OPSC Exam here in this article. The candidates can go through the current affairs and updates for the upcoming OPSC Examination 2024. This will help the candidates to understand and prepare for the General Knowledge section. Here, they will find the current affairs for National and International events along with the key points. Go through the Daily Current Affairs for OPSC Exam 20 May 2024 and note the important dates and events to revise it regularly along with the study plan.

Nayara Energy to invest ₹600 crore in two Ethanol Plants

Key Points:

Nayara Energy, a private downstream company, is planning to invest Rs 600 crore for setting up ethanol manufacturing plants in the country.
The move is in line with the government’s target of 20% ethanol blending for FY26.
The company plans to set up two ethanol manufacturing plants, each with a production capacity of 200 kiloliters per day (KLPD), in Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.
The company also aims to increase the number of ethanol plants to with a combined production capacity of approximately 1,000 KLPD with a focus on value enhancement in retail operations and ensuring the reliability of the ethanol blending program in the future.
Click Here To Download Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024 PDF In English
How Venezuela lost its last glacier, why this matters

Key Points:

If you think that climate change is a problem of the future, think again. Venezuela, for instance, has likely become the first country — it certainly won’t be the last — in modern history to lose all its glaciers. This comes after scientists reclassified the Humboldt glacier, Venezuela’s last remaining glacier, as an ice field earlier this month
Venezuela used to be home to six glaciers, located at about 5,000 metres above sea level in the Andes mountains. By 2011, five of them had vanished. Scientists expected the Humboldt glacier to last another decade. But it melted at a faster rate than expected, and has shrunk to an area of less than 2 hectares, leading to its downgrade from a glacier to an ice field
Venezuela becomes first country to lose all Glaciers

Key Points:

Venezuela is the first modern country to lose all of its glaciers, which is a huge change in the environment.
New research shows that the Humboldt glacier in the Andes, which used to be very big, has shrunk to less than 2 hectares, which means it is no longer a glacier but an ice field.
Professionals thought Humboldt would last for another ten years, but new tests show it has melted much more quickly than expected.
The Sierra Nevada de Mérida Mountain range in Venezuela used to have six glaciers. As of 2011, five of these glaciers had melted away, leaving only the Humboldt glacier.
How Venezuela lost its last glacier, why this matters

What are glaciers?

Glaciers are essentially large and thick masses of ice that are formed on land due to the accumulation of snow over centuries. According to the United States Geological Survey (USGS), they usually exist and form in areas where mean annual temperatures reach near the freezing point; winter precipitation leads to significant snow accumulations; and temperatures throughout the remaining year do not cause the complete loss of the previous winter’s snow accumulation.
Due to their sheer mass and gravity, glaciers tend to flow like very slow rivers. Although there is no universal consensus on how large a mass of ice has to be to qualify as a glacier, the USGS says a commonly accepted guideline is around 10 hectares.
How Venezuela lost its last glacier, why this matter

Why are glaciers disappearing?

The reason is quite obvious — it is global warming. Like an ice cube melts when exposed to heat, glaciers are melting due to warmer temperatures. And what is causing these warmer temperatures? It is the greenhouse gases (GHGs).
Since the Industrial Revolution kicked off in the 18th Century, human activities such as burning fossil fuels have been releasing GHGs like carbon dioxide and methane into the atmosphere. These invisible gases trap heat — they allow sunlight to pass through the atmosphere but prevent the heat that sunlight brings from returning into space — leading to a rise in global temperatures. In recent decades, the emission of GHGs has skyrocketed, which has resulted in the global average temperature to increase by at least 1.1 degree Celsius since 1880. The temperature rise may seem small but it has had devastating consequences. For instance, more frequent and intense heatwaves, floods, droughts, rise in sea level and — the subject of this explainer — glacier melting.
How Venezuela lost its last glacier, why this matter
The Andes — a mountain range running through parts of Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela — has witnessed a temperature increase of a high rate of 0.10 degree Celsius in the past seven decades. That is one of the major reasons why Venezuela has lost all of its glaciers.
In the case of the Humboldt glacier, the melting was accelerated by El Niño, which developed in July 2023. El Niño refers to an abnormal warming of surface waters in the equatorial Pacific Ocean and leads to warmer temperatures.

About Humboldt Glacier

In northwest Greenland, the Humboldt Glacier is the longest and biggest tidewater glacier in the Northern Hemisphere. It is about 110 kilometres long. Within the Kane Basin, this glacier flows from the Greenland Ice Sheet.
Satellite data shows that it has been receding a lot over the past few years, which shows that climate change is having an effect.
Capital– Caracas
Currency- Venezuelan bolívar
President- Nicolás Maduro 
Official language– Spanish 
Continent- South America
UN revises India’s 2024 growth forecast to 6.9%

Key Points:

The United Nations (UN) has revised India’s growth projections for 2024 and expects the economy to grow by 6.9% for FY24
According to the UN’s World Economic Situation and Prospects (WESP) report, India’s economy is now forecast to grow by 6.9% in 2024. This is an increase from the earlier projection of 6.2% made in January.
The report also predicts a growth rate of 6.6% for 2025, which remains unchanged from the previous forecast.
Ronaldo tops Forbes’ list of highest-paid athletes again

Key Points:

Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo topped Forbes’ list of highest- paid athletes for the fourth time in his career while Spanish golfer Jon Rahm moved up to second following his sensational switch to Saudi-backed LIV Golf
Ronaldo became the world’s highest-paid athlete after his move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr and Forbes said the 39- year-old’s estimated total earnings were in the region of $260 million, an all-time high for a soccer player.
His on-field earnings amounted to $200 million while his off- field earnings were $60 million thanks to sponsorship deals where brands make use of his 629 million Instagram followers.
A.Y.V. Krishna & N. Venu Gopal appointed as Additional Directors in CBI

Key Points:

Senior IPS officers A.Y.V. Krishna and N. Venu Gopal have been appointed as additional directors in the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Krishna, a 1995-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) officer of Assam- Meghalaya cadre, is currently working as Inspector General in the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF).
He has been inducted as the additional director of CBI for a tenure up to August 6, 2028.
Krishna’s batchmate Venu Gopal (Himachal Pradesh cadre) is presently working as joint director in the CBI.He has been appointed as additional director, CBI for a tenure up to May 24, 2027.
Nandini dairy to sponsor for Scotland for T20 World Cup

Key Points:

Scotland cricket team has unveiled its new ICC T20 World Cup jersey with Karnataka Milk Federation’s (KMF) Nandini logo.
The Nandini logo is featured in the leading arm of the jersey in both English and Kannada. The jersey was launched in Edinburgh by members of the playing squad.
The Nandini brand, which is a household name in Karnataka, is sponsoring Scotland and Ireland teams in the forthcoming T20 World Cup.
World’s first 6G device launched in Japan

Key Points:

A Japanese consortium recently introduced the prototype of the world’s first high-speed 6G device, which is claimed to transfer data at lighting speed.
As per reports, the purported device can transmit data at a whopping 100 gigabits per second (Gbps) and can cover more than 300 feet. The device is 20x faster than the ongoing 5G technology.
With the use of the 100 gigahertz (GHz), the prototype of 6G device can reach speeds of 100 Gbps indoors and the 300 GHz band enables the device to offer 100 gigahertz (GHz) outdoors.
In comparison, the 5G technology has a theoretical maximum speed of 10 Gbps. However, real-world speeds are much lower around 200 megabits per second (Mbps) for T-Mobile users in the US.
International Museum Day

Key Points:

International Museum Day is celebrated annually on May 18.
Objective – To raise awareness about the importance of museums in cultural exchange, the enrichment of cultures, and the development of mutual understanding, cooperation, and peace among peoples.
Theme 2024 – Museums for Education and Research
It bore the message that museums are essential for cultural exchange, mutual understanding, peace, and cooperation among individuals.
Established during the ICOM General Assembly in 1977 in Moscow, Russia, International Museum Day aimed to create an annual event that would unite museums and raise global awareness about their activities.
Armed Forces Day

Key Points:

Armed Forces Day is celebrated every year on the third Saturday of every May. This year celebrated on 18 May.
The best way to celebrate Armed Forces Day is by recognizing an armed forces service member and pay your respect.
On August 31, 1949, Secretary of Defense Louis Johnson announced that Armed Forces Day will be celebrated every year.
President Harry S. Truman was the first person to propose the idea of celebrating a holiday to honour the services provided by the military forces of the country.On May 20, 1950, Armed Forces Day was celebrated for the first time with parades, air shows and open houses.
In 1962, President John F Kennedy announced Armed Forces Day as an official holiday.
World AIDS Vaccine Day

Key Points:

World AIDS Vaccine Day, also known as HIV Vaccine Awareness Day, is observed annually on May 18.
Objective – To raise awareness about the ongoing fight against HIV/AIDS and the importance of developing a vaccine.
The day marks the anniversary of a 1997 speech by US President Bill Clinton highlighting the importance of an HIV vaccine.

What Is AIDS?

AIDS is acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, a serious condition which is caused by the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV).
This virus attacks the body’s immune system targeting CD4 cells which are crucial in fighting infections and diseases.
AIDS is diagnosed when a person with HIV has a severely compromised immune system indicated by a low CD4 cell count. It can become life-threatening when left untreated.
Padma Shri awardee Malti Joshi passed away

Key Points:

Noted storyteller and Padma Shri awardee Malti Joshi passed away at the age of 90 years.
Malti Joshi was known for her work in Hindi and Marathi language. She was awarded Padam Shri in 2018.
Several of Joshi’s stories were adapted for television by Doordarshan, and she made appearances in television shows such as ‘Saat Phere,’ produced by Jaya Bachchan, and ‘Kirdaar,’ produced by Gulzar.
Her stories were translated into multiple languages, including Marathi, Urdu, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, Malayalam, Kannada, English, Russian, and Japanese, expanding her reach and influence across diverse audiences.

OPSC Exam Current Affairs FAQs
Q1. How many months current affairs is required for OPSC?

Ans. The candidates are recommended to prepare for at least a year before appearing in the OPSC examination.

Q2. Where can I study current affairs for OPSC?
Q3. How can I prepare for OPSC current affairs?

Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024, MPSC Exam Current Affairs

Daily Current Affairs 20 May 2024, BPSC Exam Current Affairs

Related Articles

Maharashtra Cabinet Ministers List 2024, Role of Ministers in Maharashtra
Madhya Pradesh to Relocate 15 Tigers to Three States
Saint Sylvester’s Day, Celebrating Faith, Traditions, New Beginnings
List of Indian Festivals 2025, Check Detailed List Here
Judiciary Legal Current Affairs December 2024, Daily Legal Current Affairs PDF
PM Laid Foundation Stone of Ken-Betwa Project
OPSC Current Affairs December 2024, Daily Current Affairs PDF
BPSC Current Affairs December 2024, Daily Current Affairs PDF
UPPSC Current Affairs December 2024, Daily Current Affairs PDF
MPPSC Current Affairs December 2024, Daily Current Affairs PDF

SCHOOL

CBSE Syllabus
NCERT Solutions
NCERT Solutions Class 12
NCERT Solutions Class 11
NCERT Solutions Class 10

GOVT EXAMS

SSC Exam

Banking Exam

TET Exam

JAIIB CAIIB Exam

Railway Exam

UPSC

UPSC Exam

State PSC Exam

NDA Exam

CDS

UPSC Syllabus

ENTRANCE EXAMS

Gate Exam

IIT JEE Exam

NEET Exam

CUET Exam

CSIR-NET Exam

CLASS 6TH TO 12TH ONLINE COURSES

Class 12 online Course
Class 11 online Course
Class 10 online Course
Class 9 online Course
Class 8 online Course

GATE EXAM COACHING

Civil Engineering Courses
Mechanical Engineering Courses
CS & IT Courses
ECE Courses
EE Courses

DEFENCE EXAM COACHING

NDA Online Coaching
CDS Online Coaching
AFCAT Online Coaching
Agniveer Online Coaching
NDA Foundation

GOVT JOB EXAMS COURSES

SSC Online Coaching
Bank Exam Online Coaching
TET Online Coaching
JAIIB & CAIIB Online Coaching
Bihar Exam Online Coaching

UPSC COACHING

UPSC Online Coaching
UPSC Offline & Hybrid Coaching
State PSC Online Coaching
UPPSC Online Coaching
BPSC Online Coaching

PW STUDY MATERIALS

Arjuna JEE study material

Jee 5 Pyq

Jee Mind Maps

Yakeen Study material

Ncert Punch

Arjuna Neet Study Material

Neet Pyq

Cbse Sample paper

Cbse Question Bank

Udaan For class 10th Study Material

Upsc Sampoorna

PW Stationery

PW Merchandise

PW Device Courses

PW BOOKS

NEET Books

IIT JEE Books

School Prep Books

Best Deal Combos

UPSC CSE Books

NDA/Defence Books

GATE Books

CUET Books

CA/Finance Books

UPPSC Books

NEET PG Books

BPSC Books

SSC Books

MPSC Books

MPPSC Books

Teaching

OUR OTHER WEBSITES

PW Skills

PW Gulf

PWOnlyIAS

MedEd

PW Store

Copyright © 2024 Physics Wallah Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pw.live/exams/current-affairs/opsc/opsc-dca-20-may-2024/ 
 ----- 
