MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Snell strikes out 9 as the Giants beat the Royals 2-0 to complete a 3-game series sweep
Updated Sep. 22, 2024 6:53 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Blake Snell struck out nine in six strong innings and the San Francisco Giants completed a three-game series sweep with a 2-0 win over the Kansas City Royals on Sunday.

Kansas City (82-72) moved into the second AL wild-card ahead of Detroit (82-74) because it holds the tiebreaker, winning the season series against the Tigers 7-6. Minnesota is a half-game back of Kansas City and the Tigers, pending the outcome of its second game of a doubleheader against Boston.

The Royals were shut out for the second straight game and lost their seventh straight, dropping all six games of their homestand.

“It couldn’t have been a worse homestand,” Kansas City manager Matt Quatraro said. “It’s really disappointing.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Snell (5-3) allowed two singles and a walk and didn’t allow a runner past first base. In his last 14 starts, he is 5-0 with a 1.23 ERA and 114 strikeouts.

Working with an effective curveball, Snell held Royals’ batters to 1 for 13 when throwing a first-pitch strike. Opponents are hitting .121 this season when the 31-year-old left-hander gets ahead in the count.

“I was going to throw change-ups, but they were so on it,” Snell said. “So, I adjusted. (The curveball) was just there more today.”

With one out in the second, Grant McCray lined an RBI triple to right-center and scored on Brett Wisely’s two-out hit. McCray snapped an 0-for-13 skid with his first extra-base hit since Sept. 7.

“That was a huge hit for us because (Seth) Lugo looked like he was on his game,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said.

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
North Charleston: 50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Lugo (16-9) retired the next 16 batters and finished with five strikeouts and two runs allowed through seven innings.

“His command was impeccable today,” Quatraro said. “His stuff was really good.”

With two out and runners at second and third, the Giants intentionally walked Bobby Witt Jr. to load the bases. Tyler Rogers induced a pop fly from Salvador Perez to end the threat.

“Witt’s numbers against righties are off the charts,” Melvin said. “But it’s still not an easy thing to do because Salvy’s really good.”

Ryan Walker struck out one in the ninth, earning his ninth save.

San Francisco completed its first series sweep of Kansas City and its first series sweep against an American League opponent since April 15-17, 2022, at Cleveland.

“It’s nice to get a sweep against a good team,” Melvin said. “We’re playing pretty good right now.”

The Royals have scored four runs in their last five games and have held a lead in just one of their last 50 innings.

“We’ve got to put ourselves in more opportunities,” Quatraro said. “There’s plenty of ways to score runs.”

Kansas City lost by shutout in consecutive games for the second time this season and the first time since June 22-23 at Texas.

“Every time we lose it’s hard,” Perez said. “We still have one more week. What happened at home, we’ll forget about that and try to win the next two series.”

UP NEXT

Giants: RHP Hayden Birdsong (4-5, 4.74 ERA) opposes Diamondbacks LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (3-3, 5.09) in Arizona on Monday.

Royals: LHP Cole Ragans (11-9, 3.24) opposes Nationals LHP Mitchell Parker (7-10, 4.44) in Washington on Tuesday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Blake Snell
Major League Baseball
San Francisco Giants
Blake Snell
San Francisco Giants
Kansas City Royals
MLB - San Francisco Giants vs. Kansas City Royals - 09/22/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/snell-strikes-out-9-as-the-giants-beat-the-royals-20-to-complete-a-3game-series-sweep 
 ----- 
