Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
Gjasula scores own goal then last-gasp equalizer for Albania in 2-2 draw with Croatia at Euro 2024
1 of 11 |  

Albania’s scorer Klaus Gjasula, third left, and his teammates celebrate their side’s second goal during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

2 of 11 |  

Albania’s Kristjan Asllani, left, and Croatia’s Luka Modric, right, talk after a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

3 of 11 |  

Albania’s Klaus Gjasula, left, scores his side’s second goal during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

4 of 11 |  

Albania’s scorer Klaus Gjasula, third left, and his teammates celebrate their side’s second goal during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

5 of 11 |  

Albania’s players celebrate after a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

6 of 11 |  

Croatia’s Luka Modric waves during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Jens Buettner/dpa via AP)

7 of 11 |  

Croatia’s Luka Modric, center, and his teammate stand on the pitch after a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Marcus Brandt/dpa via AP)

8 of 11 |  

Albania’s Klaus Gjasula, fourth from left, scores an own goal during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. ( Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

9 of 11 |  

Croatia’s Andrej Kramaric, right, celebrates with teammate Luka Sucic after scoring their side’s first goal during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi)

Read More
10 of 11 |  

Albania’s Berat Djimsiti, top, goes for a header with Croatia’s Bruno Petkovic during a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi)

11 of 11 |  

A young streaker, center right, embraces Albania’s Elseid Hysaj after a Group B match between Croatia and Albania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Jens Buettner/dpa via AP)

BY  KARL RITTER
Updated 5:26 PM UTC, June 19, 2024
Share

HAMBURG, Germany (AP) — Albania substitute Klaus Gjasula had the rare experience of scoring for both teams Wednesday in an intense 2-2 draw with Croatia that could make it difficult for each to survive the group stage at Euro 2024.

The Croatian players were particularly disappointed with the result in Hamburg after Gjasula’s stoppage-time goal denied them a much-needed win after they lost 3-0 to Spain in their opening Group B match.

“My first minutes on the pitch were very, very difficult for me not only for the own goal but also other situations,” Gjasula said. “Then God wanted and gave me the opportunity to score. A very beautiful, historic day for me.”

In the first-ever competitive match between the two Balkan teams, Croatia tried to set the pace from the start, but it was Albania’s Qazim Laci who scored first, heading in a cross from the right flank in the 11th minute.

Andrej Kramaric equalized in the 74th minute before Gjasula’s own goal made it 2-1 for Croatia just two minutes later.

At that point, Croatia looked in control but a late surge by Albania changed everything once again as Gjasula redeemed himself by scoring with a low shot in the 95th minute.

It was a thrilling end-to-match that leaves both Croatia and Albania in a precarious situation in the group. Albania lost to defending champion Italy 2-1 in its first match.

The third-place Albanians, who are ahead of Croatia on goal difference, celebrated the most after the match, while Luka Modric and his teammates — semifinalists at the 2022 World Cup — looked disappointed as they applauded the Croatian fans.

“We would have been a lot happier if we hadn’t conceded the last goal. The situation would have been totally different,” Kramaric said. “We turned the match, and we should have won. But that’s football.”

The Volksparkstadion in Hamburg was split evenly between red-clad Albania fans and spectators in Croatia’s checkered shirt providing a loud and energetic atmosphere.

Fans in Croatia’s section set off flares repeatedly, despite warnings over the loudspeakers that it would result in disciplinary action.

Croatia struggled to create chances in the first half and could have faced a greater deficit but goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic blocked a shot from Kristjan Asllani and a header from Rey Manaj to keep it 1-0 at halftime.

The Croatians came out with more energy after the break and turned the match around in two minutes. Kramaric equalized with a shot just inside the post. And just moments later Gjasula was unlucky when Albania tried to clear the ball from the penalty area but it bounced off him and into the net for the fourth own goal of the tournament.

Albania coach Sylvinho said he was proud of his team’s performance. Albania is playing only its second European Championship and was considered unlikely to advance out of the group.

“It was amazing. I will remember this game all my life,” he said.

___

Associated Press writer Llazar Semini in Tirana, Albania, contributed to this report.

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Why this 'Sleeved' Cashmere Wrap is a Must-have Gift of...
FashionInUSA
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Gilgeous-Alexander, Williams lead OKC past Charlotte 106-94 for 10th regular-season straigh t win
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake...
A Massachusetts couple and their two daughters were identified by authorities...
AP News
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Neuropathy Breakthro ugh: Why EMS Techno logy Is Turning Heads
Health Insight Journal
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina - New Coverage for Cars Used Less Than 37...
BestMoney,com
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina Launch es New Coverage for Cars Used Less Than...
BestMoney
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in South Carolina? (Ch...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Click Here
The Truth About This So-Called Magic Blan...
Blanket Reviews
Advertisement:
Learn More
Chevy Silverado Prices May Shock You (Click Now)
New Chevrolet Silverado Pick Up Prices Will Amaze You. See More Here
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in North Charleston?...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Click Here
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
No. 18 Iowa State caps record-se tting season with Pop-Tarts...
Iowa State was 84 yards away from a historic 11th victory. It was a situation th...
AP News
This Perfect Cashmer e Jacket Is Ideal For The Whole Winter.
RILOEY
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Impressive New Hyun dai Santa Fe Is Perfect For Seniors (Take A...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Costco Shoppers Say This Eye Serum Is Actually Worth It
Vibriance
Advertisement:
Save Now
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
This scarf is quickly becoming a must-hav e gift of 2024
FashionInUSA
Advertisement:
Learn More
Loving This Latest Vintage John Dutton Jacket From Yellow...
RILOEY
Advertisement:
Shop Now
The Legend of the Celt ics L.B.O.
Puck News
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
Homeowners In South Carolina Can't Believe They Didn't Know This About...
thesavingexpert:Advertisement
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Search Now
How does tire maintenance impact the lifespan of your car?
Peddle:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/croatia-albania-euro-2024-soccer-c6ff8250c71f2790bd761067bf730d0e 
 ----- 
