MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Taifa Stars meet Bulgaria in Fifa Series match today
Friday, March 22, 2024

Taifa Stars players train in Baku, Azerbaijan, ahead of international friendlies organised by FIFA. PHOTO | COURTESY







By 
Majuto Omary

Sports Reporter

Mwananchi Communications Ltd

What you need to know:
The encounter is very important for Taifa Stars ahead of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) and World Cup qualifiers including improving their position in the FIFA rankings.

Dar es Salaam. The national football team (Taifa Stars) today face Bulgaria in the world football governing body (FIFA)’s Series of international friendly matches.

The match has been scheduled to kick off at 4pm Tanzanian time at the Dalga Arena in Baku, Azerbaijan.

The encounter is very important for Taifa Stars ahead of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) and World Cup qualifiers including improving their position in the FIFA rankings.

RELATED
Government content with Taifa Stars performance at Afcon finals
Sports Jan 26, 2024
Samatta, Job, Mzamiru out of Stars squad for Fifa Series
Sports Mar 14

Currently, Tanzania are ranked 119th while Bulgaria are 83rd. Taifa Stars interim head coach Hemed "Morocco" Suleiman predicted a tough match against one of the famous football nations in Europe, saying, however, that their main target is to register victory.

Suleiman added that his players are in high spirit ahead of the encounter, promising to deliver their best.

 "It is going to be a tough match as we are facing one of the famous football nations. We will be without our captain, Mbwana Samatta and key striker Saimon Msuva, but I trust other players to do their best in the encounter,” said Suleiman.

For his part, the team’s assistant captain, Himid Mao, said they are in high morale, despite the climate challenge.

“We will have to be very keen as we are going to play against a tough team, although for the first time. We have trained well, and we believe we will come out victorious," said Mao.

Aside from Tanzania, other countries that have been given the chance are Algeria, South Africa, Cape Verde, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea and Central African Republic.

The countries will feature in special groups together with teams from other continents such as Europe, the South American Football Confederation (Conmebol), Asia, and North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf).

According to the fixture, Taifa Stars will be in action again on March 25 facing Mongolia. Apart from Azerbaijan, other countries that will host the matches to be facilitated by FIFA are Algeria, Saudi Arabia and Sri Lanka.

The initiative provides member associations with a more regular opportunity to face national teams from other continents, which will serve to unlock technical development opportunities previously unavailable to many of them.

The FIFA Series also provide the participating member associations with their own additional commercial opportunities and exposure.

The forthcoming edition of the FIFA Series will feature national teams from all six confederations.

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
PRIME
 Vanishing Heritage: Tanzania's Hadzabe and Tatoga face climate change threats

Climate change, land encroachment, and socio-economic challenges are accelerating the erosion of their traditional ways of life, threatening their very survival

National 4 hours ago
PRIME
 Shareholder wants IPTL liquidated over ‘discrimination’

Eurasia Holding Limited, which owns a 10 percent stake in IPTL, is calling for the winding-up of the company or, alternatively, payment of $25 million as compensation for its shares

National 5 hours ago
PRIME
 Gold, tourism boom continue to drive Tanzania’s forex earnings

In the year to October 2024, the value of gold exports increased to $3.3 billion from $2.99 billion, while tourism receipts rose by 19.7 percent to $3.68 billion

National 5 hours ago
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Ugandan woman arre sted trying to flee to Tanzania after allege dly cutting off her...
Kenyan woman, daug hters shot dead by husband in the US
Shock as Mungai dies in Dar after a short illness
"Too Hot Inside? Cool Down Fast with Expert HVAC Servi...
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
New and Permanent Teeth in 24 Hours - Life Changing!
G4 By Golpa
Seniors: Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now  (Take A Look)
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
Pastor dies after 'dem on-possessed' worship per kicks him
The Power of Physici an Lists in Medical Marketing
findyouranswers
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024

Ad 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/taifa-stars-meet-bulgaria-in-fifa-series-match-today-4565050 
 ----- 
