 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Latest Headlines
Escape
Destinations
Holiday Types
Expert Reviews
Mail Travel
Celebrity Travel
Games
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Sunday, Dec 29th 2024 7AM 54°F 
10AM 58°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Confused about the 100ml rule? As plane passengers face HUGE security queues at Birmingham, we reveal what liquid rules are in place and where - and which airports have installed the new scanners
The Government re-introduced the 100ml liquid rule at six regional airports
Eighteen years ago the 100ml rule was introduced following a foiled terror plot 
Passengers are accused of causing long waits due to incorrectly packing bags
READ MORE: Air France's first-class cabin vs its new business class 

By SOPHIE FOSTER, DEPUTY TRAVEL EDITOR FOR MAILONLINE and PA MEDIA

PUBLISHED: 10:08 EST, 10 June 2024 | UPDATED: 02:21 EST, 11 June 2024

e-mail
52
shares

476

View comments

Many UK air passengers are struggling to make sense of the rules around taking liquids in hand luggage through airport security as new scanners are rolled out.

Long queues have been forming at Birmingham Airport - which has launched the new scanners - amid confusion over liquid restrictions.

And on Sunday, the Department for Transport temporarily re-introduced 100ml restrictions on liquids being carried in cabin bags at six other regional UK airports with next-generation scanners. 

Confused? We're not surprised. Here we explain all... 

Presently - all UK airports are operating the 100ml liquid rule, regardless of the scanners in place. 

But airports with new scanners have more flexibility around how cabin bags move through security. 

+
4
View gallery

Many UK air passengers are struggling to make sense of the rules around taking liquids in hand luggage through airport security as new scanners are rolled out. Currently, all UK airports are operating a 100ml liquids rule - meaning liquids can be placed in hand luggage but must be split into containers not exceeding 100ml

+
4
View gallery

Long queues have been forming at Birmingham Airport (above) - which has launched the new scanners - amid confusion over liquid restrictions 

London City, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Leeds/Bradford, Southend and Teesside airports, have all installed new 3D CT- (computed tomography) based scanners in security halls and had scrapped the 100ml rule. Thanks to their new technology, passengers could bring up to two litres of liquids in any bottle size in carry-on luggage and not remove them at security.

Do you think the 100ml rule should be scrapped?

Yes
No

However, on June 9, these airports were ordered to return to the 100ml liquid rule despite running the next-generation security checkpoints (NGSC), which create a 3D image of what is inside passengers' bags, allowing them to better identify objects.

Laptops and tablets, however, can remain in carry-on luggage. 

Passengers should continue to check security requirements with their departure airport before travelling 
 A Department for Transport spokesperson

A Department for Transport spokesperson told MailOnline: 'From Sunday 9 June, 2024, 100ml restrictions on liquids will temporarily be reintroduced for passengers travelling from six regional airports where Next Generation Security Checkpoints (NGSC) are in full operation.

'This temporary move is to enable further improvements to be made to the new checkpoint systems and will only affect a small number of passengers. 

'For most passengers, security measures will remain unchanged.

'Passengers should continue to check security requirements with their departure airport before travelling.'

UK AIRPORT LIQUID RULES 

UK airports and scanner status: 

Birmingham - new scanners / 100ml rule
Leeds Bradford - new scanners / 100ml rule
London City - new scanners / 100ml rule
Aberdeen - new scanners / 100ml rule
Southend - new scanners / 100ml rule
Teesside - new scanners / 100ml rule
Newcastle - new scanners / 100ml rule 
Gatwick - old scanners / 100ml rule
Stansted - new scanners / 100ml rule
East Midlands - old scanners / 100ml rule
Manchester - new scanners / 100ml rule
Heathrow - old scanners / 100ml rule
Edinburgh - new scanners / 100ml rule 

Current liquid rules for airports with new scanners: 

Bottles to be no larger than 100ml 

Airports in control of amount of liquid in total (up to two litres) and whether they must be removed from bags or stored in clear pouches 

UK airports without new scanners operating liquid rules dating back to 2006: 

Bottles/containers to be no larger than 100ml

Liquids must total under one litre

Passengers must remove liquids from hand luggage at security

Liquids to be kept in clear, plastic bags

New-style liquid rules (to be introduced in future):

Liquids may remain in luggage at security

Bottles can be of any size and loose inside bags

Liquids can total up to two litres

+
4
View gallery

Travel expert Nicky Kelvin tested out London City Airport's 'fancy' new scanners in May

+
4
View gallery

A passenger is pictured walking past an explainer about baggage rules at London City airport, which has installed new scanners

Passengers who pack liquids in bottles of over 100ml will be subject to manual checks at the airport and those items will be at risk of being discarded. 

At airports with new scanners, whether travellers are required to pack their liquids in clear, plastic bags, remove them from luggage or can pack more than one litre of liquid in multiple containers is up to the individual airport, the Department for Transport confirmed to MailOnline Travel. 

What if you are travelling from a different airport than the six targeted by the Department for Transport?

Read More
'London's fastest airport security': Travel expert tests 'fancy' new scanners at City Airport that don't require passengers to remove laptops and liquids from bags 

A number of the UK's major airports have already installed some of the new checkpoints in security halls - however none have yet changed their liquid rules. 

London Stansted, Manchester and Edinburgh all have at least some of the new 3D-scanners in place. However, as their new security halls are incomplete and some old scanners still remain none have changed their liquid rules. 

This means you should still follow the 100ml rule, and other liquid restrictions, that have been in place for the past 18 years at all three airports. 

London Gatwick, East Midlands Airport and London Heathrow have not yet introduced any new scanners and so their security halls are unable to comply with new restrictions and the 100ml rule remains in place for the foreseeable future. 

So what happened at Birmingham Airport?

The airport had installed the new scanners, but has been limiting liquids to 100ml 'due to an outstanding regulatory restriction', Nick Barton, CEO, told the BBC.

The airport blames passengers for the long queues, accusing them of incorrectly packing their bags.

The problem was exacerbated, a source told The Independent, by the new scanners misidentifying innocent items, such as sun cream, as 'threats'.

Why was the 100ml rule introduced?

The 100ml rule was introduced in 2006 following a foiled terror plot to blow up planes flying from London to the US with home-made liquid bombs. 

The restrictions required passengers to pack up to one litre of liquids or less in bottles of no more than 100ml.

Liquids, it was stipulated, had to be sealed in a clear, plastic bag and removed from bags before being scanned at security. 

Thanks to Nicky Kelvin at The Points Guy for permission to run his scanner image. 

Share or comment on this article: Confused about the 100ml rule? As plane passengers face HUGE security queues at Birmingham, we reveal what liquid rules are in place and where - and which airports have installed the new scanners
e-mail
52
shares
Recommended by
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
ADVERTISEMENT
 
 
TOP STORIES
Scientists warn of impending 'Ultra-​Intense Category 6' storm
Two men found dead after searching for sasquatch in national forest
I finally found my son 14 years after billionaire dad's kidnap plot... his three-word greeting broke my heart
EXCLUSIVEDreaming of a life abroad? Three British expats who moved to Spain explain why the grass really IS greener on the other side


ADVERTISEMENT
Bird was seen stuck in WING of doomed South Korea flight as ground control sounded desperate strike warning before jet's emergency landing and deadly fireball k...
Billie Eilish stuns in sultry snap after boasting about her sex life
EXCLUSIVEI'm a hotel manager in London - here's how I moved the property up the Tripadvisor ranking from 272nd to FIFTH


EXCLUSIVEI'm an ex-Emirates flight attendant - and this is the psychological technique cabin crew are taught to calm passengers down


Heartbreaking last words of South Korean plane crash passenger onboard doomed flight as death toll hits 179
ADVERTISEMENT
Beyoncé 'sticking' by Jay-Z despite 'heartbreak' over age of his rape accuser
White teen enters his plea after 'trying to drown black boy while calling him ugly racial slurs'
EXCLUSIVEI spent four months travelling around Africa on buses, boats and planes - these are the mistakes people make when planning a trip to the continent and why South Africa is best for first-timers


Moments from Meghan Markle's childhood that show she always craved the limelight: From high school play fallout to letter about her 'rich and famous' future
EXCLUSIVEI'm an American who loves European Christmas markets - so I took a train from Vienna to London and visited over 20 along the way. Here are my ratings (and which one is the worst... )


Referee left bloodied after suffering gruesome cut in wild brawl at college football game
EXCLUSIVE'AI mafia' gang bombards London restaurant with scathing fake Google reviews to extort £10,000


Colorado man attacks TV reporter while shouting 'This is Trump's America now'
Unseen pictures of Joe and Hunter Biden in China raise fresh questions for president about son's businesses
Shohei Ohtani announces his wife Mamiko Tanaka is pregnant
ADVERTISEMENT
Young men are traveling to overseas clinic for a risky cosmetic procedure
Warren Buffett suddenly buys $563m of stock in three companies after hoarding cash all year
The nightmarish real-life story of a mother who had to wait 18 YEARS to prove she had been given the wrong baby in a maternity ward mix-up
EXCLUSIVE'I ran away to be a Bluecoat!' Pontins staff and guests recall happy memories of the once-loved holiday park now ranked the worst in the country - and teetering on the edge of extinction


Teen girl found in woods after she was lured by sexual predator from online gaming platform
Mother was caught escaping to Canada after 'trying to strangle daughter, 17, in an honor killing'
EXCLUSIVEInside The Dorchester, named by the AA as 'London's best hotel' and beloved by A-listers: The Mail checks in to a £4,500 suite at the legendary Mayfair property to find out if it lives up to the hype


Inside the world's first AI sex doll brothel - with one BIG difference
EXCLUSIVEI sold my house to go travelling full time and I've visited 168 countries - here's why Iran and Iraq are two of my favourite places (and why I feel safer abroad than in the UK)


I've been on over 1,000 cruise voyages and these are the best five ports - from a Californian city 'with the world's best food' to a Mediterranean island that g...
ADVERTISEMENT
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
Alarming rise in number of newborn babies abandoned in Texas unsettles towns and sparks urgent concern for women's health care
EXCLUSIVEI've been on 70 cruises - here are 7 myths busted, from 'the ship being rammed' to 'I'll get seasick'. Plus, my top tips (including the joys of a WINDOWLESS cabin)


Unlikely culprit may have led to collapse of iconic California wharf
EXCLUSIVEYou've been holidaying in Spain all wrong! Spanish chefs reveal the dishes that aren't authentic and the mistake tourists make with paella


The Queen's eldest great-grandchild Savannah Phillips turns 14 today and is nearly as tall as her aunt Zara Tindall
Huge tail-dancing beasts baffle American scientists and shock residents: 'They're like dinosaurs'
EXCLUSIVEInside Scotland's 'restaurant of the year', which serves VERY fresh seafood - staff use kayaks to collect lobsters from the adjacent sea loch. And the view isn't bad, either...


Stunning Florida 'fortress' with jaw-dropping futuristic feature hits the market for nearly $2M
EXCLUSIVECandid photos reveal what it's like on the extraordinary £129,000 safari where guests enjoy transfer flights on an Emirates PRIVATE JET with an ensuite shower


EXCLUSIVEInside Val Thorens, the ski resort that's the highest in Europe (with a six-month season) and rated the best on the planet. Does it live up to the hype?


EXCLUSIVEI'm a foodie who's visited 166 countries - this is the surprise country with the most underrated food, the rarely visited place where meals cost ONE DOLLAR... and my verdict on Kenya's Goat Head Soup


Murder probe launched over 'arsenic-laced' Christmas cake that killed three - as police recover 'mysterious' white liquid and say late husband will be dug up mo...
Trump shocks MAGA by backing Elon Musk in 'civil war' over controversial immigration policy
EXCLUSIVEFlight attendant claims a simple mistake on a plane could get you a LIFETIME BAN


ADVERTISEMENT
Disturbing past of guards who beat inmate strapped to gurney to death is revealed
Kendall Jenner flashes a lot of leg in sequin frock and red heels for festive holiday snap
Beloved TikTok star and humanitarian Dora Moono Nyambe suddenly dies at age 32 on Christmas Day
I'm a longevity doctor - here are the supplements I recommend to reverse aging
You've been doing the laundry wrong! Experts reveal exactly how often you should wash your jeans - as they warn overdoing it can destroy their shape and colour
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas after treatment for a brain tumor in 2024
New NYPD commissioner 'fires' dozens of top cops after ex-chief was accused of trading overtime for sex
The truth behind outrageous video of hundreds of skiers waiting for ski lift in freezing cold
Charles Dolan dead at 98: Billionaire media mogul founded HBO and Cablevision
EXCLUSIVEI'm a Canadian and I love coming to England and visiting Christmas markets - here are my top five (and the 'overpriced and overcrowded' ones to avoid)
ADVERTISEMENT
Plane horror witness recalls chilling moment jet engine exploded as speculation mounts over what caused plane's horror crash
EXCLUSIVEI've visited 170 countries - these are five of the worst places I've been to... and why Canada and France make the list
EXCLUSIVEI'm a frequent flier and here are 10 hacks for making your 2025 holidays more luxurious - from SPEAKING to a travel agent to a loyalty scheme that cuts 50% off fancy hotel stays
EXCLUSIVEHead chef at 'Britain's best restaurant' reveals why she listens to customer criticism, where SHE likes to eat out - and how to make Michelin-starred chips


EXCLUSIVEMeet the 22-year-old who's become an Internet sensation from posting videos of her travels with a 40-year-old Land Rover called Blue Tit (even clips of her fixing the engine get thousands of views)


Top doctors reveal things they'd never let their kids do- including wearing contacts and going to sleepovers
Urgent warning over PayPal scam hitting millions of Americans' inboxes... here's how to spot it
Norwegian royal family breaks silence on rape scandal and admit getting 'professional help' after 'challenging year'
World's greatest chess player Magnus Carlsen quits tournament after being told he cannot play while wearing jeans
'Remarkable' Olivia Hussey who has died aged 73 faced rape, beatings, infidelity and cancer after shooting to fame at just 15 as Zeffirelli's Juliet
ADVERTISEMENT
Bright orange 'UFO orbs' appearing over NYC have everyone asking the same question
How to make 2025 the year you beat that bad back in four simple steps - and why everything you thought you knew about how to ease your agonising pain might be w...
EXCLUSIVEI went on holiday to Afghanistan and it was a 'great experience - the Taliban welcome tourists'
Former GOP heavyweight joins the MAGA civil war against Elon Musk
Margaret Qualley enjoys date night with husband Jack Antonoff after revealing surprising career ambition
Dayle Haddon modeled with Blake Lively in her final photo shoot just months before death at 76
EXCLUSIVEMy mission to see if Capella Bangkok - the 'world's best hotel' - lives up to the hype
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Fascinating historic photos show the Lake District before it became a mass tourism hotspot


ADVERTISEMENT
EXCLUSIVEI moved from the UK to Seoul - it's safer and you can see a doctor in two minutes (without an appointment)
The top 25 holiday destinations of 2025, picked by experts: These are the festivals, events and secret relaxing hotspots you should book NOW to get an amazing bargain


My incredible life on the world's most remote inhabited island - where there are no flights in or out and crime is (almost) non-existent (though Amazon deliveries are an issue)


My stay in a five-star hotel in the ski resort rated the 'best in the world'. Here's what it's like - and my score


I've stayed in ALL six of the UK safaris where you can sleep with lions. Here are the ones that are really worth it - and exactly what you see


Is Gordon Ramsay's flagship three-Michelin-star restaurant worth the hype? American foodie flies to London to find out - and his bill comes to £519! 


EXCLUSIVEMy ride on the incredible Australian train that snakes through lush rainforest to a station where PYTHONS slither along the platform... here's my footage
From cauliflower cheese to salmon and caviar: Can YOU tell which of these 21 pictures shows a Michelin-star meal?


Qantas frequent flyer hacks that could save you BIG on Christmas flights: Our guide to maximising your points without even trying - including one as simple as WALKING


EXCLUSIVEMeet the people who make Singapore Changi Airport one of the world's best, from gardeners who nurture 700,000 plants and 800 BUTTERFLIES to the team that creates 'wow' moments
ADVERTISEMENT
The 30 best and worst beach and resort package holiday providers for 2024 revealed by Which? - with Trailfinders top of the table


EXCLUSIVEBoris Johnson visits Easter Island - 'the place to be to avoid nuclear fall-out from WWIII'. While he's there the former PM sets about solving the mystery of its enigmatic statues...
EXCLUSIVEI moved from London to Greece - here's why you should follow in my footsteps (though you'll have to get used to the bureaucracy and the 'adventurous' Greek driving)
EXCLUSIVEI'm a travel expert... and these are the seven most underrated cities in Europe
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@DailyMail
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@travelmail
 
Follow
Daily Mail
LATEST TRAVEL NEWS
Tourists warned as Goa taxi protest turns violent
Parliament to debate cost of term-time holidays
New Brazil yoga retreats for World Cup widows
Outer Hebrides boasts stunning airport approach
Lewis Hamilton to star in Top Gear festival
Thailand set to lose £1.6bn in tourism revenue
14% of Brits abroad refuse to speak local dialect
Egypt bombing: New FCO advice to UK tourists
India to cut red tape and issue visas on arrival
Qatar Airways' new all-business class flights
Rise in British travellers visiting Germany
Brits rate cuisine as essential part of holiday
London to Glasgow train to host comedy gig
British sounds in £2.5m tourism advert
Two-fifths of parents would risk term-time trip
 
 
 
 
HEAD START TO HOME COOKED
Get Recipes
more
TRAVELMAIL PARTNERS
 
Free prepaid MasterCard for your Euros or Dollars
 
Save up to 85% on phone calls on holiday
 
 
ADVERTORIAL FEATURES
The world's most powerful passports in 2024 revealed: European countries dominate the top 20, but it's the UAE that's No.1, while the UK and the U.S slide further down the ranking


Turret-ly amazing! Fourteen mesmerising photos of Bavaria's most fairytale-like castles - from hilltop fortresses to breathtaking citadels


Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
Read more
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-13513065/airports-100ml-liquid-rules-hand-luggage.html 
 ----- 
