Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
WATCH LIVE ON TV AND STREAMING
Where to find Romania vs Ukraine on US TV: June 17, 2024

by World Soccer Talk June 16, 2024

Here are all of the details of where you can watch Romania vs Ukraine on US television and via legal streaming:
WHO	Romania vs Ukraine
WHAT	UEFA Euro 2024
WHEN	9:00 AM ET / 6:00 AM PT • Monday, June 17, 2024
WHERE	Exclusive to ViX Premium and Fubo
STREAML	ViX Premium
If you want to watch Euro 2024 in all its glory and save a lot of money, the streaming service ViX Premium is the most affordable. Not only will ViX Premium show every Euro 2024 and Copa America 2024 game, but the price starts at only $4.99 monthly. That makes it the most affordable way to watch every game.
Fulham win 2-1 at Stamford Bridge for the first time since 1979!
ViX Premium is run by TelevisaUnivision, the massive Spanish-language media network best known for its coverage of Liga MX, UEFA Champions League, Europa League, UEFA Nations League, and many more premium competitions.
First launched in 2022, ViX – at its core – grants you access to over 65,000 hours and 100 channels. Building on top of that, ViX Premium features an incremental 10,000 hours of premium content and 7,000 hours from the top live soccer leagues worldwide.
For its analysis and coverage of soccer, ViX features many familiar names for soccer fans. They include analysts Marcelo Balboa, Javier Zanetti, and Paulo Wanchope, among many others.
One of the best parts about watching your favorite soccer games in Spanish-language is the incredible goal calls made by the announcers. And ViX Premium delivers with the excitement and passion from its crew of top-level commentators.
Watch Euro 2024 and Copa America with ViX Premium for a month-long of soccer entertainment and savings.
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka shares injury update after Mikel Arteta addresses recovery timeline
Real Madrid targets Bournemouth star Dean Huijsen for defensive rebuild
Chelsea reportedly planning three-player swap plus cash for Inter star Lautaro Martinez
Barcelona's dream crushed? How Manchester City’s 115 charges verdict could open door for Real Madrid move
Sergio Ramos not sold on joining Lionel Messi in MLS: The dream destination for the Real Madrid icon revealed
Dani Olmo's Future at Barcelona: Will He Stay or Join Premier League Giants?
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
How to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
As tensions with coach Paulo Fonseca rise, Christian Pulisic may lose a key AC Milan teammate, Rafael Leao, amid reported interest from FC Barcelona.
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
Manchester City and Spain midfielder Rodri sparked widespread debate after being awarded the 2024 Ballon d'Or. The selection, made by journalists from France Football, has been met with criticism, particularly from Real Madrid supporters. Now, Cristiano Ronaldo has weighed in during the Globe Soccer Awards, labeling the decision as "unfair" and naming Real Madrid star […]
Cristiano Ronaldo addresses Manchester United's problems: 'It's not the coaches'
Club legend Cristiano Ronaldo identifies Manchester United's real issue, stating, 'It’s not the coaches,' but something much deeper.
Cristiano Ronaldo's Bold Statement: SPL Better Than Ligue 1?
Cristiano Ronaldo has once again stirred the pot, questioning the quality of France’s Ligue 1 compared to the Saudi Pro League. He has thus taken a subtle aim at the dominance of PSG and indirectly referencing global superstars Lionel Messi, Neymar, and Kylian Mbappe.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/where-to-find-romania-vs-ukraine-june-17-2024/ 
 ----- 
