Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Blue Jays' Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Passes George Bell in Team History on Tuesday
The Toronto Blue Jays lost a slugfest on Tuesday against the Philadelphia Phillies, but Vladimir Guerrero Jr. continued his epic streak at the plate.
Brady Farkas | Sep 4, 2024
Toronto Blue Jays first base Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) hits a two-run home run against the Philadelphia Phillies during the sixth inning at Rogers Centre on Sept 3. / Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays lost a 10-9 slugfest on Tuesday night against the Philadelphia Phillies, losing after they led 6-1 in the first inning.

Toronto is now 67-73 on the season. They are in last place in the American League East. Though the Jays lost, and though they are just playing out the string, it's been an incredible season at the plate for first baseman Vladimir Guerrero Jr.

The 25-year-old All-Star is hitting .328 with 28 homers, 91 RBI and a .965 OPS. He went 4-for-5 with a home run in the loss on Tuesday and has continued to make history over the last month and change.

Per @StatsCentre on social media:

(Update) Most total bases - @BlueJays player in a 42-game span of a season:
135- Guerrero (Jul-Sep 2024 via a double, home run and 2 singles Tuesday)
131- George Bell (Apr-Jun 1987)
123- Jose Bautista (Jul-Aug 2010)
123- Guerrero (May-Jun 2021)
121- Carlos Delgado (May-Jul 2000)

Those are some of the most revered names in Blue Jays history, so to be on that list is quite an accomplishment for Guerrero Jr. - nevertheless being on it twice.

Guerrero Jr. is a .288 lifetime hitter with 158 homers and 495 RBI. He's got an OPS of .866.

The looming offseason will be very interesting for both Guerrero Jr. and the Blue Jays. He's heading into the final year of his contract in 2025 and the team reportedly will look to sign him long-term, but will he accept? He's reportedly interested in staying, but the money would obviously have to be right.

The Blue Jays play the Phillies again on Wednesday afternoon at 3:07 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our FanNation on SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 4, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/toronto-blue-jays-vladimir-guerrero-jr-passes-george-bell-in-team-history-on-tuesday-with-regards-to-total-bases 
 ----- 
