INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsCricketIndia inch closer to semi-final, push Bangladesh on brink of elimination
SPORTS
All
Cricket
IPL auction
Match-Centre
BGT Tests
Football
Tennis
Formula One
Other Sports
Videos
Venues
T20 World Cup: India inch closer to semi-final, push Bangladesh on brink of elimination
India virtually knocked out Bangladesh from the T20 World Cup 2024 with a terrific all-round show on Saturday, 22 June. Hardik Pandya starred with both bat and ball as Rohit Sharma's team ruthlessly submitted Bangladesh in Antigua.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
Hardik Pandya plays a shot in T20 World Cup. (PTI Photo)
Kingshuk Kusari
Antigua,UPDATED: Jun 23, 2024 17:29 IST
In Short
India thrashed Bangladesh in Antigua
India put up an all-round show with both bat and ball
Hardik Pandya won the player of the match award

India virtually knocked out Bangladesh from the T20 World Cup 2024, putting up their most complete performance in the tournament so far. Hardik Pandya starred for India with both bat and ball as India mercilessly submitted Bangladesh at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua on Saturday, June 22. This was the first show of India completely dominating the match in this tournament. Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and Rishabh Pant showed incredible intent with the bat, while Kuldeep Yadav and Jasprit Bumrah left Bangladesh wondering if they belonged at the same level or not.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Indian batting line-up showed incredible intent to score the best-ever total scored in Antigua - 196 runs for the loss of 5 wickets. On a sticky wicket, Indian batters did not get intimated by the inconsistent pace of the ball and kept the attacking options open. All Indian batters, bar Axar Patel (3 off 5) had a strike-rate below 132 as India put on a massive total in the first innings.

T20 World Cup 2024, Super 8: IND vs BAN Highlights | Full Scorecard

In reply, Bangladesh struggled to get going from the very start and were restricted to 146/8 in their 20 overs. Kuldeep Yadav found spin and bounce on the pitch, and claimed the best figures for India on the day - 4-0-19-3, while Jasprit Bumrah finished with the figures of - 4-0-13-2.

Indian bowlers were a class above the Bangladesh batters on the day. Bar the odd hits from Najmul Shanto and later on Rishad Hossain, Bangladesh were not really in the chase.

MASSIVE BLUNDER AT THE TOSS

Bangladesh were on the wrong side at the very start of this game when their captain Najmul Shanto opted to bat first in a day game. Before the toss, Harsha Bhogle, while speaking for the broadcaster said that the pitch was going to get progressively slower as the sun was going to take its toll on the wicket.

Bangladesh were handed a golden opportunity at the toss when Najmul called it right, however, for some odd reason he chose to bowl first. Najmul might have thought that the wicket was going to play true till the very end of the match, but that did not turn out to be true.

T20 World Cup Coverage | Points Table | T20 World Cup 2024 Schedule | Player Stats

After the powerplay, Kuldeep Yadav really troubled Bangladesh in the match turning and twisting the ball from good length. This was Kuldeep's second game of the tournament, and he has quickly made himself undroppable from the Indian line-up, with 5 wickets from 2 matches.

INTENT PAYS OFF IN INDIAN INNINGS
ADVERTISEMENT

India put in a team effort to score the highest total at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua on Saturday, June 22. Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli came out with aggressive intent after Bangladesh sent India to bat first in what looked like a great wicket.

India continued their aggressive approach after the dismissal of their captain. Both Virat Kohli and Rishabh Pant kept their foot on the pedal as India continued to tick away with runs despite the regular fall of wickets.

Virat Kohli got out trying to hit a slower ball for six. Rishabh Pant was caught trying to reverse sweep spinner Rishad Hossain, but India were never below the 8 RPO mark in their batting innings. After the dismissal of those two batters, Hardik Pandya and Shivam Dube were quiet for a bit and once again, attacked in the final five overs after soaking in the pressure.

Dube had not done well for the majority of the innings, but hit 3 sixes in the last few balls of his innings to balloon up his score to 34 off 24 balls.

The real hero, however, was Hardik Pandya, who played an intelligent innings of 50* off 27 balls. Pandya hit the ball with the wind and chose his options well to take India well over par score at the venue. India posted a total of 196 vs Bangladesh, which would have always been difficult for the Bangladesh side in the second innings of the game.

ADVERTISEMENT

Fiesty fast bowler Tanzid Hasan Shakib was the pick amongst the bowlers, taking 2/32 from his 4 overs, while the young and talented leg spinner Rishad Hossain picked 2 wickets as well, but he was expensive on the day, leaking 43 off his 4 overs.

With the win, India have one foot into the semi-finals spots with a massive NRR boost. India will qualify for the semi-final if Afghanistan beat Australia on June 23.

Published By:
Kingshuk Kusari
Published On:
Jun 22, 2024
TUNE IN
Also Read | Watch: Virat Kohli hits staggering 'no-look' six vs Bangladesh in T20 World Cup 2024
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Mufasa The Lion King Review
Ambedkar Row
Delhi AQI
Mumbai Boat Accident
LATEST
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/cricket/story/t20-world-cup-india-vs-bangladesh-super-8-match-report-2556749-2024-06-22 
 ----- 
