Skip to main content
Pinstripe Alley homepage
a New York Yankees community
Follow Pinstripe Alley online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Pinstripe Alley main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

TODAY ON PINSTRIPE ALLEY
Today on Pinstripe Alley - 8/27/24

After a good start to their series at Nats Park, the Yankees look to take the second game.

By Andrew Mearns@MearnsPSA  Aug 27, 2024, 6:00am EDT  15 Comments / 15 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Andrew Mearns is the managing editor of Pinstripe Alley, where he first started writing in 2012. He has also edited for multiple Baseball Prospectus Annuals and Futures Guides, contributes to the BP site, and previously wrote for Cut4 at MLB.com.

Sunday: Good! Yesterday: Also good! Can we get three “goods” in a row behind Gerrit Cole tonight? Let’s hope so. I’ll be on a plane, where I generally refuse to pay for unreliable Wi-Fi. In Cole I Trust!

Today on the site, Nick S. will present the latest Reacts survey (with two Yankees questions this week), Smith will run through the past week of minor league action, and Madison will tackle the Rivalry Roundup. Later on, Jeff’s on 1999 Yankees Diary, Jeremy will look around the league to determine which have lefty starters the Yankees should fear, and Peter will analyze Giancarlo Stanton’s preposterous at-bat last Thursday.

By the way: No Baby Bomber Recap today since none of the Yankees’ affiliates played on Monday.

Today’s Matchup:

New York Yankees vs. Washington Nationals

Time: 6:45 p.m. ET

TV/Video: YES Network, MASN

Radio: WFAN 660/101.9 FM

Venue: Nationals Park, Washington, DC

Questions/Prompts:

1. Which of the Yankees’ walking wounded makes it back to the majors first? Your options: Anthony Rizzo, Jon Berti, Clarke Schmidt, Lou Trivino, Cody Poteet, and Luis Gil.

2. Last year’s No. 2 overall pick, Dylan Crews, went hitless in his MLB debut against the Yankees yesterday, but will he get on the board today?

MORE FROM PINSTRIPE ALLEY
The Best 50 Could-Have-Beens of the Yankees’ Past 50 Years
Yankees 2025 arbitration tracker: Four of five players sign
Potential Yankees Player Targets
Yankees thread the needle with Cody Bellinger acquisition
Presenting the 2024 Yankees Roster Report Cards
Pinstripe Alley’s Top 100 Yankees
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Pinstripe Alley Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Yankees news from Pinstripe Alley
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Manage Privacy Settings  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.

Privacy Notice
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
Ways we may use your data:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Develop and improve services. Create profiles to personalise content. Store and/or access information on a device. Measure advertising performance. Use limited data to select content. Measure content performance. Use profiles to select personalised content. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept Manage Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pinstripealley.com/2024/8/27/24229400/yankees-mlb-pinstripe-alley-8-27-24 
 ----- 
