Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Yanks squander chances, give Nats too many in sloppy loss
Share
Yanks squander chances, give Nats too many in sloppy loss
August 28th, 2024

Joe Trezza

Share

0:01

0:17

WASHINGTON -- If you were Jacob Barnes and the Nationals, you couldn’t have asked for a better outcome. Then you couldn’t have asked for a worse one.

The Nationals had a four-run lead in the eighth inning of their 4-2 win over the Yankees on Tuesday night at Nationals Park when Barnes, facing Juan Soto, got exactly what he wanted: a double-play ball with runners on first and second. Soto tapped a weak grounder to second, but Luis García Jr. threw the ball wide of CJ Abrams. And instead of two outs, the Nationals got none.

Now the Yankees had the bases loaded, down four runs, with no outs for Aaron Judge, sitting on 51 home runs.

Would you believe Barnes wiggled out of trouble again?

Judge smashed a sharp grounder to short that did turn into a twin killing but also brought home a run. The Yankees watched another rally fizzle in the ninth, and what had been a frustrating night offensively persisted into a sloppy loss to the Nationals in the nation’s capital.

Judge was kept at 51 home runs, and Patrick Corbin silenced the Yankees’ lineup enough to outduel Gerrit Cole. New York committed a season-high four errors, its first four-error game since Aug. 10, 2021, at Kansas City.

“We did not play clean tonight defensively,” manager Aaron Boone said. “And on a night when we’re not scoring a ton of runs, we’ve got to be cleaner than that.”

The veteran Corbin grew up a Yankees fan in upstate New York, and the Yankees courted the southpaw as a free agent after the 2018 season before he signed a six-year, $140 million deal with Washington. Entering Tuesday, Corbin had pitched to a 5.64 ERA over the course of the contract, and the Yankees might not have ponied up the nine-year, $324 million deal it took to sign Cole the following winter had they signed Corbin.

Related
Major 1-2 punch vanguard of Yankees' rotation

36 minutes ago

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

January 9th, 2025

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

Corbin has had success against the Yankees in limited opportunities over the past three seasons. But Tuesday, he was really on. He retired 15 of 17 after Judge cracked a first-inning double, striking out six over six scoreless innings.

“[Corbin] did a good job attacking us and attacking the zone,” Judge said. “He really worked that cutter to both sides of the plate well. He worked it down and in, in off the plate a little bit, and really was able to get ahead in the count and keep the pressure on us as hitters.”

Tracking Aaron Judge's path to 60-plus homers

The Yankees managed only three hits before loading the bases in the eighth, when Barnes and Brandon Finnegan elicited grounders from Judge and Giancarlo Stanton to end the frame. The Yankees brought the go-ahead run to the plate twice in the ninth, but DJ LeMahieu and Gleyber Torres flied out against Finnegan to end it.

“We had a couple chances there at the end, a couple swings to maybe win it and sneak that one out,” Judge said. “Couldn’t come away with it.”

Said Boone: “We didn’t play our best tonight. Tough one.”

Cole, meanwhile, didn’t battle his command like he did in his last start, but he was hurt by allowing consecutive homers to Andrés Chaparro and José Tena in the fourth. He struck out seven over five innings of three-run ball and suffered his first defeat since July 24. The homers were the first of his career for Chaparro, a former Yankees prospect, and second for Tena.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Ultimately, they beat me today,” Cole said.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees

Joe Trezza is a senior content producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/aaron-judge-goes-homerless-as-yankees-lose-to-nationals 
 ----- 
