Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'An awesome moment': Crews collects first hit off Cy winner Cole
Share
'An awesome moment': Crews collects first hit off Cy winner Cole
August 28th, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share

0:01

1:16

WASHINGTON -- First Major League hits are notable in themselves.

Dylan Crews, the Nationals’ No. 1 prospect and MLB’s No. 3, added historic flair to his.

Crews recorded his first career hit on Tuesday night by clocking a double to the left-field wall against Yankees right-hander Gerrit Cole in Washington's 4-2 win at Nationals Park.

Crews became the third player in Nationals team history (2005-present) to collect his first big league hit off a Cy Young Award winner. He joined Blake Treinen (vs. Clayton Kershaw on May 6, 2014) and Beltran Perez (vs. Tom Glavine on Sept. 25, 2006) in doing so, per the Elias Sports Bureau. Crews is the first Nats player to gather an extra-base hit against a Cy Young winner for his first Major League hit.

“Obviously, he’s a great pitcher and has a great history,” Crews said. “He’s got very good vert on his fastball, so I was trying to see a fastball down. I think he threw two off the plate and then threw a slider on a 2-0 pitch. I got a good swing off of it.”

Related
Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

Here are 8 prospect-related predictions for 2025

January 2nd, 2025

Here's an early look at the top 2025 Rookie of the Year candidates

November 25th, 2024

From 16 to 26, here is the best prospect at each age

November 13th, 2024

Crews’ second-inning double flew a Statcast-estimated 370 feet to the left-field wall and had an exit velocity of 104.4 mph. The long line drive would have been a home run in nine Major League ballparks.

“It felt great,” Crews said. “[To] get that first one out of the way and kind of sit back and breathe a little bit, take it all in, it was an awesome moment.”

In the sixth inning, Crews singled on a soft grounder off a sinker from lefty reliever Tim Mayza. When catcher Jose Trevino committed a throwing error to first, Crews bolted to second -- helmet flying off his head onto the basepath.

Then with Joey Gallo batting, Crews dashed to third base for his first career stolen base. He maneuvered his arm to safely tag the bag and beat the throw from Trevino. Crews then scored his first big league run when Gallo reached first base on a fielding error by first baseman DJ LeMahieu.

“This organization definitely fits into my approach as far as aggressiveness,” Crews said. “We’re an aggressive team, we want to steal bases, turn a single into a double, whatever it is. I think it’s awesome to see how it transitions into my game.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Crews, who debuted on Monday, was not the only rookie accomplishing firsts.

Andrés Chaparro belted his first career home run against the Yankees -- the team he signed with as an international free agent in 2015. He sent a fastball from Cole a Statcast-projected 376 feet to left field at 102.8 mph.

“As soon as I hit the ball, I knew it was gone. Luckily, Aaron Judge wasn’t close to it,” said Chaparro, whose near-homer on Monday was nabbed by Judge. “A lot of good sentiment, excitement and joy to see it go.”

José Tena followed and crushed a first-pitch fastball a Statcast-projected 405 feet to center field at 103 mph for his second career home run.

Chaparro and Tena were the second duo of Nationals players to hit back-to-back homers this season, the first since Lane Thomas and CJ Abrams against the Braves on June 6.

“That’s the whole purpose, is for us to go out and try to contribute and help the team win any way possible,” Chaparro said of the Nationals’ young players. “That’s what we’re here for, so it was very special we were able to do that.”

Veteran southpaw Patrick Corbin anchored the Nats with six scoreless innings. He allowed only two hits and two walks across 104 pitches (64 strikes), his first outing of two hits or fewer since Aug. 10, 2023, at Citizens Bank Park.

The Nationals have the opportunity to take the three-game series on Wednesday night.

“Overall, I thought today was awesome,” Crews said. “And we won, so it was a great day.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Dylan Crews

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dylan-crews-gets-first-career-hit-as-nationals-beat-yankees 
 ----- 
