Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Aaron Judge’s brilliance adds new layer as Yankees cruise past Nationals
By Greg Joyce
Published Aug. 26, 2024, 9:48 p.m. ET
135

WASHINGTON — Aaron Judge made up a new rule Monday night: If he doesn’t hit a home run, his opponents don’t get to either — at least not on his watch.

The Nationals did the seemingly impossible and kept Judge in the park, so the Yankees center fielder returned the favor by dropping jaws with his glove.

Judge made a leaping grab while running into the left-center field wall that turned a potential game-tying home run into a double play, highlighting the Yankees’ 5-2 win over the Nationals in the series opener at Nationals Park.

6
Aaron Judge robs a home run during the Yankees-Nationals game on Aug. 26 2024.
Screengrab

While Judge remained at 51 home runs, after homering seven times in his previous six games before Monday, his defensive gem (which robbed former Yankees prospect Andres Chaparro before he doubled off James Wood at first base to end the fourth inning of a 2-0 game) became the latest addition to his likely AL MVP highlight reel.

By the end of the night, Judge also picked up his 1,000th career hit with a single laced the other way.

“To have a guy out there that can climb the walls and catch balls that might be going out, it’s just another plus to a guy who does it all,” said Austin Wells, who added to the strong defensive night overall by picking off a runner at second base before hitting his 10th home run of the year. “It’s really special to watch.”

The Yankees (78-54) got solo home runs from Gleyber Torres, Wells and Jazz Chisholm Jr. to win for the fifth time in their last six games, maintain the best record in the American League and extend their AL East lead to two games over the idle Orioles.

Anthony Volpe also turned in a three-hit game and scored twice on sacrifice flies from DJ LeMahieu.

Judge’s thievery was part of the strong defensive effort that helped Nestor Cortes limit the Nationals (59-73) to just one run over 6 ²/₃ innings.

6
Gleyber Torres celebrates after homering in the Yankees’ win over the Nationals on Aug. 26, 2024.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Alex Verdugo, who put together a three-hit game, also made a terrific catch while running into the left field wall with a runner on second base in the second inning.

He jammed his right knee into the wall on the play but got checked out by trainers — he said it was just a contusion — and played the rest of the game.

“Somebody said I had room and then I might have heard ‘wall’ at the end,” Verdugo said with a chuckle. “Then I caught it and went to look and it was a face full of wall.”

6

Judge one-upped Verdugo two innings later, taking away a home run that would have tied the game.

“Dugie really set the tone earlier by basically running through another wall,” Judge said. “As a teammate, you gotta go out there and match that energy. … To help [Cortes] out there and get one back, have a little double play there, I was pretty pumped up about that one.”

So were his teammates.

“When he jumped and caught it, I was almost taken aback a little bit,” Wells said. “I was like holy … cow. That was crazy.”

6
Nestor Cortes pitches during the Yankees’ win over the Nationals on Aug. 26, 2024.
AP

Cortes carried a shutout into the seventh inning before Juan Yepez snapped it with a solo home run.

Before then, Cortes had thrown 20 ¹/₃ consecutive scoreless innings, helping himself out in the sixth by striking out three after putting runners on second and third to start the frame.

“Tremendous,” Cortes said of his defense. “I don’t think I go as long in the game as I did if it wasn’t for those amazing catches that were made out there.”

6
Aaron Judge robs a home run during the Yankees-Nationals game on Aug. 26 2024.
Screengrab

Torres led off the game with his second home run in as many days before Volpe doubled and scored on LeMahieu’s first sacrifice fly in the fourth inning.

After Wells made it 3-0 with his homer to lead off the sixth, Volpe singled up the middle and hustled into second on a bobble, but gave the Yankees a scare when his helmet-less head collided with the knee of shortstop CJ Abrams at second base.

But he also remained in the game after getting checked out by a trainer, then stole third and scored on another sac fly from LeMahieu.

6
Aaron Judge (R.) and Gleyber Torres celebrate during the Yankees’ win over the Nationals on Aug. 25, 2024.
AP

Chisholm made it 5-1 in the eighth by crushing his 21st home run of the season — his eighth in 18 games as a Yankee — off lefty reliever Joe La Sorsa.

And even on a night when Judge did not go deep, he helped the Yankees win with his defense, with his manager calling his catch his “52nd homer of the year.”

135

What do you think? Post a comment.

“He’s really good at this stuff,” manager Aaron Boone said. “The night they keep him in the ballpark, he takes one back from the other side. Just a little reminder of how many other things he does well.”

FILED UNDER AARON JUDGE  NEW YORK YANKEES  WASHINGTON NATIONALS  8/26/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/08/26/sports/aaron-judges-brilliance-adds-new-layer-as-yankees-beat-nationals/ 
 ----- 
