Skip to main content
SHOP
TICKETS
Canada
Featured

NFL

NBA

NHL

Soccer

Sports
NFL
NBA
NHL
MLB
Soccer
Curling
WNBA
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
Boxing
MMA
WWE
Golf
Tennis
F1
NASCAR
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
EDITIONS
Canada
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
USA vs. Canada ICC T20 Cricket World Cup free live stream: How to watch matches for free in North America
Vishal Bhawani
06-01-2024
•
4 min read
Getty Images

USA is making its first appearance in the T20 World Cup. They recently dominated Bangladesh in a T20I series, showing they are here for a fight.

Former New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson adds experience to the squad. Fast bowler Ali Khan, with his global franchise experience, will lead the bowling attack.

Canada is also making its T20 World Cup debut. Their last World Cup appearance was in 2011. The team has many players over 30 and is considered the weakest in the group. However, they should not be underestimated.

WATCH FOR FREE: Every T20 World Cup match, live on Fubo (free trial)

The tournament opener between USA and Canada will take place on June 1.

Sporting News brings you all the details regarding how to watch the USA vs. Canada ICC T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 for free in North America.

MORE: Full T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 schedule and updated results

USA vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup: How to watch for free

For fans looking to watch the USA vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup match for free, Fubo is the ideal choice.

Cricket enthusiasts can take advantage of a 30-day free trial that includes access to WillowTV. This lets you enjoy live matches, replays, and highlights at no cost during the trial period.

If the 2024 T20 World Cup matches are not available to watch live in your location or if you're travelling abroad, you can use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). VPNs provide a secure and private online connection, allowing you to bypass geographical restrictions and access your favorite streaming services from any device, anywhere in the world.

WATCH FROM ANYWHERE: Sign up for NordVPN (30-day moneyback guarantee)

MORE: When are USA playing at T20 Cricket World Cup?

USA vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup TV details
Match: USA vs. Canada
Date: June 1, 2024
Stage: Group Stage
Start Time: 7:30 p.m. ET (Local, TX)

Fans in the United States and Canada can watch the 2024 T20 World Cup live on WillowTV.

Willow Sports is a cable TV channel. If it’s not included in your current package or if you don’t have cable, you can access it through Fubo.

Fubo now includes Willow TV in its sports package. With Fubo, you can watch live matches, replays, and highlights on demand from any device. Start a free trial today to enjoy all the action.

You can also stream the tournament live on Sling TV, which offers new subscribers $20 off their first month.

MORE: USA Squad for T20 Cricket World Cup in United States

When is the T20 Cricket World Cup?

The ICC Men's T20 World Cup is back with its ninth edition in 2024 making it a historic event, taking place for the first time in the United States and the West Indies.

The tournament kicks off on June 1 with the co-hosts USA facing Canada at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas, Texas.

This year's T20 World Cup sees 20 teams competing for the first time in its 17-year history. This could lead to surprises, with associate nations challenging Test-playing teams.

The final match is set for June 29.

T20 Cricket World Cup cities and stadiums 

The T20 Cricket World Cup will be held across nine venues in the West Indies and the United States, hosting a total of 55 games.

This tournament marks cricket's first major global event in the U.S., with 16 matches set to be played across three American venues: Central Broward Park & Broward County Stadium in Florida, Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York, and Grand Prairie Stadium in Texas.

Country	City	Stadium
Antigua and Barbuda	North Sound	Sir Vivian Richards Stadium
Barbados	Bridgetown	Kensington Oval
Guyana	Providence	Providence Stadium
Saint Lucia	Gros Islet	Daren Sammy Cricket Ground
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines	Kingstown	Arnos Vale Stadium
Trinidad and Tobago	San Fernando	Brian Lara Cricket Academy
United States	Lauderhill, Florida	Central Broward Park
United States	East Meadow, New York	Nassau County International Cricket Stadium
United States	Grand Prairie, Texas	Grand Prairie Stadium

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Vishal Bhawani

Vishal Bhawani is a content producer for The Sporting News.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
Partners
NBA
SuperDraft
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/ca/cricket/news/usa-canada-icc-t20-cricket-world-cup-free-live-stream/604a03aba1f68e394392cfd5 
 ----- 
