Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Deion Sanders turns Norvell's comments into $1.2M sunglass sales surge

Sanders previewed his postgame handshake with Norvell today after turning this feud into a big profit

Sanders is revolutionizing college football againLAPRESSE
TA
Actualizado 16/09/2023 - 15:28 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Deion Sanders: I would never leave Colorado to join NFL
USC QB Caleb Williams thanks his teammates with unexpected gift

In a lead-up to the highly-anticipated showdown between Colorado and Colorado State, the tension between the teams' coaches has reached a fevered pitch, causing waves both on and off the field.

Ahead of what many predicted as Colorado's victory over Colorado State, Buffs head coach Deion Sanders provided a glimpse into how he planned to greet his counterpart, Jay Norvell of Colorado State, in the postgame handshake. Sanders, on Fox's Big Noon Kickoff, silently showcased his intended actions by theatrically removing his hat and sunglasses.

The dramatic gesture came in the wake of comments from Norvell, who without naming Sanders, referenced individuals wearing sunglasses and hats. "When I talk to grown-ups, I take my hat and my glasses off. That's what my mother taught me," said Norvell during his weekly radio show. These remarks were interpreted by many as a veiled jab at Sanders, who is known for donning sunglasses and hats not just during games, but also during media interactions.

Sanders did not let this slide. He retorted with a combination of sarcasm, pride, and marketing genius. Earlier, Sanders had told his team that Norvell's comments had turned the game from just another match to something personal. To underline his point, Sanders, in a brilliant move, gifted his entire Colorado team sunglasses on the eve of their game.

Deion Sanders speaks to team about Colorado State head coach's commentsColorado Buffaloes

The controversy turned profitable. In partnership with Blenders Eyewear, Sanders had a custom line of sunglasses, which, following the media attention from the spat, netted a whopping $1.2 million in sales on Friday alone. It seemed the audience was keen to get their hands on the eyewear central to the dispute. Sanders continued to leverage the momentum by trolling Norvell on national platforms such as ESPN's First Take and College Gameday.

MORE in MARCA
Travis Kelce...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

Reflecting on the incident on Gameday, Sanders noted,

When you're so right, you have to find something wrong. You have to come at me personally.

Deion Sanders

While the game's outcome was anticipated to be predictable, the postgame interactions and reactions were set to be the real spectacle, with many tuning in to witness the culmination of the week's tension. As Deion Sanders and his team took to the field, sunglasses in tow, it was clear that sometimes, the most unexpected controversies make for the best stories - and in this case, the best sales.

Deion Sanders - English
NCAAF - English
Colorado Buffaloes - English
NCAADeion Sanders' girlfriend announces end of their 11-year relationship on Instagram
NCAADeion Sanders starts to get lonely in Colorado: What's going on inside the locker room?
NCAAWho is Tracey Edmonds? All about Deion Sanders' ex and why she's breaking up with him
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/16/65060dc8ca4741c3118b459e.html 
 ----- 
