Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Features
‘I Was Scared To Go’ – Dan Biggar Reveals Very Personal Reason For Backing Louis Rees-Zammit Ahead Of His UK Return With NFL
‘I was scared to go’ – Dan Biggar reveals very personal reason for backing Louis Rees-Zammit ahead of his UK return with NFL
Alex Spink
05 Oct 2024 6:36 PM
3

Louis Rees-Zammit during a Jacksonville Jaguars training session and with Wales team-mate Dan Biggar in action at the 2023 Rugby World Cup.

Dan Biggar has sent a very personal message to Louis Rees-Zammit as his former Wales rugby team-mate returns to Britain with the NFL.

America’s favourite sport is in London for the next three Sundays, with Rees-Zammit’s Jacksonville Jaguars next up after tomorrow’s opener between the New York Jets and Minnesota Vikings.

The Gloucester wing turned Jags wide receiver has ridden an emotional rollercoaster since switching sports and being signed in a blaze of publicity, then unceremoniously cut, by Super Bowl champions Kansas City Chiefs.

After what was his first ever gridiron game in August opinion on social media was sharply divided between those wanting the best for him and others saying he was out of his depth.

There then followed Chiefs’ hammer blow decision not to include him in their 53-man squad for the regular season, prompting Rees-Zammit to move to Florida, lured by the prospect of playing at receiver rather than running back.

The 23-year-old’s homecoming is only in a back-up role with the Jags’ practise squad, who will prepare the winless franchise for games against Chicago Bears, at Tottenham on October 13, and New England Patriots, at Wembley Stadium a week later.

But he will arrive back to words of overwhelming support from Biggar, with the British and Irish Lions star revealing the very personal reason for his backing of the Penarth-born flier.

Full of admiration for Rees-Zammit

Biggar said: “I admire 100 percent Louis for what he is doing and I’ll tell you why. When I was 21 or 22 I had a conversation with Racing 92 and almost signed.

Ad

“I didn’t go through with it because I was scared to go and live in Paris. It was too far out of my comfort zone.

“The fact Louis is 23 and he’s chosen to go to a different sport, never mind a different country, and put everything on the line I think is brilliant. I so respect him for that.”

Rees-Zammit’s Chiefs pre-season saw him thrown into a bit of everything. He had seven touches for 25 yards and a tackle on special teams. He also took and received kick-offs.

Lawrence Dallaglio was among those to message and say how proud he was of the youngest ever British and Irish Lion. Not everyone, inevitably, was so kind.

Ad

Christian Wade highlights key factor Louis Rees-Zammit must master to succeed in NFL

“We keep saying we want characters, we want people to be out there and back themselves,” said Biggar, whose autobiography The Biggar Picture: My Life In Rugby, is newly published by Macmillan.

“The minute they do and it’s like they become an easy target. I think Louis should be really proud of himself, it is clearly a very tough sport to crack for anybody, let alone a foreigner coming in and a guy who only played his first game a month or so ago.

“I really hope it goes for him because he’s a top, top lad. I love the fact he’s not afraid to put himself out there, that he wants to be more than a rugby player.

“If he’s open enough to come out and say it and back himself, I think people should get behind it. It’s taken real balls to do it and he’s doing it with personality and character.

‘I really enjoyed my time with him’

“What we do in this country in particular is we always want people to fall,” Biggar added. “We’re there to pile on the pressure when they do. He’s a great bloke, I really enjoyed my time with him. Good luck to him.”

Content continues below

Ad

Rees-Zammit, who touches down in the UK on Friday, refuses to contemplate failure and believes his prospects to develop, if not play for a winning team, are enhanced by his move.

“I think I’m much better off playing receiver with my size and strength,” said a player whose family have moved out to Jacksonville to share the experience. “I think that’s probably a position that suits me a lot more.

“It was a good experiment to try running back out at the Chiefs, but I think we all realised I would probably be a receiver eventually. I’m loving the role and am going to continue to improve.”

Biggar, whose Toulon side face Clermont on Sunday in the Top 14, feels Rees-Zammit is onto a winner whatever path he ends up following.

“The option to come back to rugby is always there for him,” Biggar said. “Even if he does another year after this one he will only be 25. That gives him probably another 10 years of rugby.

“But I guarantee he won’t be thinking like that.”

READ MORE: Louis Rees-Zammit issues blunt message to his ‘haters’ after Kansas City Chiefs snub

Ad
Where will Wales finish in Six Nations 2025?
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
6th

Features
Dan Biggar
Louis Rees-Zammit
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Colin Newboult
14 Dec 2024
Dan Biggar proposes solution to the currently ‘unmanageable’ South African Champions Cup issue

Dan Biggar has his say on the logistical concerns in the Champions Cup.

Colin Newboult
30 Nov 2024
Dan Biggar: I faced the 2015 All Blacks and Rassie Erasmus’ generational Springboks are better

Wales great Dan Biggar has made a bold statement on Rassie Erasmus’ Springboks.

Alex Spink
07 Nov 2024
Dan Biggar casts doubt over Warren Gatland’s future as Fiji fixture is ‘one of the biggest in a long time’

Dan Biggar explains why all of Wales has a part to play if the autumn is not to end badly for Warren Gatland.

Alex Spink
31 Oct 2024
Dan Biggar exclusive: Springboks in ‘brilliant position’ to claim World Cup ‘three-peat’ and why All Blacks is no longer rugby’s biggest fixture as stunning November prediction made

Dan Biggar tells Alex Spink that he feels the All Blacks is no longer the biggest game in international rugby - and Siya Kolisi's Springboks are to blame.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
30
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
8 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
11 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
13 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
15 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
15 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
15 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/i-was-scared-to-go-dan-biggar-reveals-very-personal-reason-for-backing-louis-rees-zammit-ahead-of-his-uk-return-with-nfl 
 ----- 
