     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Topics  Foreign Policy and Security Studies  Anwar’s strategic outreach to Pakistan and Bangladesh
Foreign Policy and Security Studies
Anwar’s strategic outreach to Pakistan and Bangladesh
by Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah -
07 October 2024

Both countries hold immense potential for Malaysia but decades of political strife and external challenges have kept them from realising their full promise.

Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim’s visits to Pakistan and Bangladesh might have slipped under the radar for many Malaysians.

After all, an honorary doctorate and a highest state award conferred notwithstanding, these trips weren’t as headline-grabbing as his engagements with China, Japan or Russia.

And if you’re looking strictly at the numbers, they pale before those of other nations. In 2023, Malaysia’s total trade with Pakistan stood at RM7.84 billion, and with Bangladesh at RM12.7 billion – combined, it is less than what Petronas makes in a month.

But focusing on trade figures alone would miss the bigger picture. Pakistan and Bangladesh matter far more to Malaysia than the statistics suggest. Both countries hold immense potential for Malaysia, though decades of political strife and external challenges have kept them from realising their full promise.

Pakistan has been bogged down by repeated military interventions, political upheaval, and the turmoil in Afghanistan.

As we departed from Islamabad as part of the prime minister’s official delegation en route to Dhaka, the air was thick with political unease. Both the capital and neighbouring Rawalpindi were in lockdown due to Imran Khan’s calls for protests against a controversial constitutional amendment.

Nonetheless, Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif whose “leadership, wisdom and unwavering friendship” Anwar lauded as having “further strengthened the enduring bonds between Pakistan and Malaysia” has demonstrated firm stewardship in navigating these turbulent times.

Bangladesh, meanwhile, has hitherto been trapped by dynastic rivalries that have created deep societal divides. Even taking it at face value, the student-led revolution of Aug 5 that toppled Sheikh Hasina still has miles to go on what is surely a long and winding road.

These are tough neighbourhoods, but reforms are under way. Both nations are working hard to claw their way out of their quagmire. True enough, the challenges are daunting. Governance issues are deep-seated, and quick-fix reforms are not only impractical but may be counter-productive.

Key statesman in the geopolitical arena

Yet, it is precisely these efforts to address such deep-rooted challenges that make Anwar’s visits so crucial.

Quite apart from the rockstar allure that Anwar exudes, both Pakistan and Bangladesh view him as a key statesman in the geopolitical arena and look to Malaysia’s revitalised economy as a model for their own ambitions.

Malaysia’s success, marked by exceptional growth in sectors like semiconductors, and phenomenal spikes in digital centric and tech-driven foreign direct investments, has no doubt been spurred by strong fundamentals and bold structural reforms. Such impressive achievements naturally offer valuable insights for their economic aspirations.

Further, from the speeches of both Sharif and Bangladesh’s interim leader Muhammad Yunus, it is crystal clear that Anwar’s war on corruption and nepotism back home resonates deeply with them.

Undeniably, Anwar’s vision transcends short-term gains, emphasising long-term partnerships and the promise of future potential.

As Anwar reiterated in the joint press conferences, these are relationships that go beyond mere material advantage, strategic or otherwise, venturing into the realm of the familial and personal, forged on the anvil of brotherly ties cemented by trust and mutual respect.

Enormous untapped resource

One of the most striking aspects of Pakistan and Bangladesh is their youthful populations. In Pakistan, two-thirds of the population are under the age of 30, and in Bangladesh, more than a quarter of the country’s 170 million people are between 15 and 29.

While youth unemployment and social instability loom large, these young people represent an enormous untapped resource. By harnessing their energy, creativity and desire for inclusion, they could become the driving force behind a new era of economic growth for both nations.

Pakistan’s youth are already making their mark globally, especially in the freelance economy. From software development to digital marketing, young Pakistanis have become some of the world’s largest suppliers of freelance talent.

In Bangladesh, the story is similar. Young entrepreneurs in the tech and startup sectors are rising rapidly, positioning themselves – and their country – for success in the global digital economy.

But there’s a perception problem. In Malaysia, Pakistanis and Bangladeshis are often seen as migrant workers – labourers who toil in construction sites, restaurants, plantations and factories or low-wage hired hands tending nurseries and gardens. Malaysia is home to a substantial number of migrant workers from both nations, with around 450,000 Bangladeshis having arrived in Malaysia since August 2022.

While these workers are vital to Malaysia’s economic engine, the relationship between Malaysia and these countries should not – and cannot – be confined to migrant labour. Malaysia has long relied on migrant labour, but the country is now shifting towards prioritising high-tech skilled labour for future economic growth.

Shariah-compliant banking

Pakistan and Bangladesh are promising markets for Malaysia in sectors such as palm oil, halal products and Islamic finance. The potential for future collaboration is immense.

Take Pakistan’s financial system. By 2027, Pakistan will fully transition to a shariah-compliant banking model, following a landmark ruling by its federal shariah court. This presents Malaysia, a global leader in Islamic finance, with an opportunity to share expertise in Islamic financial products like sukuk.

In Bangladesh, Anwar’s visit carried particular significance as he became the first foreign leader to visit the country under its interim government led by Muhammad Yunus.

During their meeting, Anwar lauded Muhammad Yunus as “the embodiment of selfless leadership, dedicated to the betterment of his people.”

With friendship going back four decades, the chemistry between the two was palpable, with Anwar affirming that while the shape of Bangladesh’s future governance rests with its citizens, Malaysia stands ready to lend a helping hand.

Anwar’s engagement with Bangladesh at this critical juncture reflects his desire to support the country’s efforts to strengthen governance and combat corruption.

Malaysia, notably the first Muslim country to recognise Bangladesh’s independence, has long shared strong ties with Dhaka. Anwar’s visit reinforced that bond, offering both encouragement and partnership as Bangladesh navigates its challenges.

One of the most powerful moments of Anwar’s visit came during his speech when accepting the honorary doctorate conferred on him by Islamabad’s National University of Sciences and Technology. Invoking the philosophy of Muhammad Iqbal, Pakistan’s great poet-philosopher, Anwar made a rallying call for a renewal of the Muslim world.

The ummah, he argued, must rise above its divisions and embrace Iqbal’s vision of intellectual self-reformation and societal progress.

Anwar contends that Iqbal’s conception of the principle of ijtihad represents a departure from the fiqh-bound legalistic approach, opening up this doctrine to new vistas for reform and renewal, that is, islah and tajdid.

His call for ijtihad was a plea for the Muslim world to find a balance between faith and modernity, tradition and progress. Anwar’s message was clear: the Muslim world must move forward.

While the real gains from these partnerships may not be immediately visible, there’s no reason to doubt that the future potential could be enormous. In any event, Anwar’s charisma demonstrates Malaysia’s soft power in the region, and that already is a win.

This article first appeared in Free Malaysia Today, 5 October 2024

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah
Prof Faiz leads the institute’s policy development and Track-Two diplomacy, including through the ASEAN Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (ASEAN-ISIS) and the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC). Faiz is also the Malaysia representative to the ASEAN Regional Forum Experts and Eminent Persons (ARF EEP) meeting and Co-Chair of the Council for Security Cooperation in the Asia Pacific (CSCAP). His diverse career spans media, law enforcement, education, three decades of legal practice, focusing on corporate law and public interest litigation, as well as strategic and international affairs advisory to federal and state governments. In 2009, with Dato’ Seri Anwar Ibrahim, Faiz co-founded the World Forum for Muslim Democrats, dedicated to providing a common platform for public intellectuals to articulate their views on Islam, reform, democracy and governance. Faiz has authored four books on topics ranging from Shariah reforms to the Fourth Industrial Revolution. He is the founding dean of the Selangor Business School. He graduated with First Class Honours in LLB from the International Islamic University of Malaysia, an MBA from the University of Southern Queensland, and a PhD from the Putra Business School. His first degree, prior to law school, was in English Literature from the University of Malaya.
By: Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/10/07/anwars-strategic-outreach-to-pakistan-and-bangladesh/ 
 ----- 
