Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Features
Springboks: Five Sharks Players Who Boosted Their Selection Chances In Narrow Win Over The Dragons
Springboks: Five Sharks players who boosted their selection chances in narrow win over the Dragons
Dylan Coetzee
05 Oct 2024 7:53 PM
2

Split with Jordan Hendrikse and Ethan Hooker.

It was not the most glorious performance as the Sharks claimed a late 30-33 win over the Dragons but there were some players who would have boosted their position in the Springboks picture.

Jaden Hendrikse
The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

While the majority of this list features players on the fringe looking in, we could not ignore the scrum-half as he deserves credit for kicking on from his performance against Argentina last weekend where he was brilliant.

The older of the Hendrikse brothers is a complete nine. His ability to read the game and the skill-set to exploit that is his trump card over the other talented scrum-halves in contention for the Springboks starting role. He certainly has the ability to grow into a world-class player and his control in this clash showed that despite his team blowing hot and cold around him.

Jordan Hendrikse

It is just over three months since the Shark started for the Springboks at fly-half against Wales and a lot has changed most notably not playing pivot since then. Hendrikse has been thrown the 15 jumper and looked far more comfortable on both sides of the ball.

Last weekend the Duban-based star showed off his rocket boot kicking 60+ metres but he did not use it this time around, instead he showed off his aerial prowess, defensive strength and popped up nicely on the attack.

By no means was it a performance that barges the Springboks door down, but it was one that showed he is far more comfortable at 15. His point of difference is that canon boot so if he can sharpen up the rest of his game it may well force Bok management to have another look at him.

Bulls v Ulster: Five takeaways as Springboks rookie ‘man-shames’ Irish outfit and fellow Test stars make their mark

Andre Esterhuizen

The centre has been one of the most unlucky players in terms of selection having been stuck behind the ultra-consistent Damian de Allende for so long in the Boks set-up, however, Esterhuizen is doing what he can to offer a point of difference.

Esterhuizen was brilliant last weekend and solid this evening. What makes the former Harlequin so unique are his soft touches in and amongst the brutality which made his so effective alongside Marcus Smith. He showed again tonight with a lovely switch play setting up a try just before half-time.

The powerhouse’s best chance at strong-arming his way into the South African side was to do it with a team on home soil. Esterhuizen has had his time in the Sharks shirt, he knows what to expect and by the looks of it, he is in for a strong stint in Durban.

Ethan Hooker

The youngster has already touched the Boks set-up but in nothing more than a squad selection and it has only given him even more hunger. Hooker appears as the ultimate team player having worn 11, 12 and 13 for the Sharks in the last year. For him, it doesn’t matter where plays he just wants to be on that field emptying that tank and it’s ALWAYS evident in his game.

The move to wing has been rather successful as he is certainly quick enough then throw in that physicality he built in the centres and nous in terms of linking play then you get a really promising youngster.

Hooker has Springbok written all over him and selflessly passing the ball on the line to secure an easier conversion angle was just one small snippet of the well-publicised ‘leave your ego at the door’ in the South African camp. Remember his name.

Jurenzo Julius

A young man whose name will be thrown into the Bok picture very soon. Julius has been highly-rated for some time and has just come off two years in the Junior Springboks set-up to go win the Currie Cup in his first senior tournament.

The athleticism of the centre is truly incredible and it shows every time he carries the ball where he mostly beats the first defender. Affectionately known as the Boogieman he could well be the breakout player of the eason in the URC.

It will be very interesting to see how the Sharks use the rising star when Lukhanyo Am returns.

READ MORE: Springboks’ newest scrum-capped wing rips Edinburgh to shreds in sensational injury return

How would you rate South Africa's Rugby Championship campaign?
Excellent
Above average
Below average
Disappointing

Features
Andre Esterhuizen
Ethan Hooker
Jaden Hendrikse
Jordan Hendrikse
Jurenzo Julius
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’

Planet Rugby has selected five possible debutants for the Springboks in 2025.

David Skippers
01 Jan 2025
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’

John Plumtree has provided a full update on injuries in his squad, including Springboks centre Andre Esterhuizen's condition.

David Skippers
30 Dec 2024
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse

Sharks boss John Plumtree revealed that they could be without the services of two Springboks stars when they face Toulouse in a highly anticipated Champions Cup clash next month.

Jared Wright
28 Dec 2024
Stormers star’s ‘disgusting challenge’ injures Springbok before he scores match-winner against Sharks

Jean-Luc du Plessis escaped a card for his clear-out on Andre Esterhuizen in today's derby!

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
30
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
8 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
11 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
13 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
15 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
15 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
15 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/springboks-five-sharks-players-who-boosted-their-selection-chances-in-narrow-win-over-the-dragons 
 ----- 
