Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
De Bruyne crowns Belgium’s 2-0 win over Romania to get Euro 2024 campaign on track
1 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Kevin De Bruyne, left, celebrates with Belgium’s Yannick Carrasco after scoring his side’s second goal during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

Read More
2 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Kevin De Bruyne, rear center, celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

3 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Kevin De Bruyne celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

4 of 12 |  

Romania’s Dennis Man kicks past Belgium’s Arthur Theateduring a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

5 of 12 |  

Romania’s Andrei Burca reacts after missing a scoring chance during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

6 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Kevin De Bruyne celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal with teammates during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

7 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Romelu Lukaku, right, scores his side’s second goal during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. The goal was later disallowed after a VAR review. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

Read More
8 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Romelu Lukaku celebrates after scoring a later disallowed goal during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

9 of 12 |  

Belgium’s Kevin De Bruyne , front, vies for the ball with Romania’s Marius Marin during a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

10 of 12 |  

Romania’s Andrei Ratiu, left, and Romania’s Marius Marin react after a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

11 of 12 |  

Romanian players react after a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

12 of 12 |  

Belgium’s King Philippe, Queen Mathilde, Prince Emmanuel and Prince Gabriel arrive for a Group E match between Belgium and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

BY  JAMES ROBSON
Updated 10:43 PM UTC, June 22, 2024
Share

COLOGNE, Germany (AP) — In front of Belgium’s royal family, King Kev sealed the win.

Belgium shook off the shock of losing to Slovakia in its opening game of the European Championship by beating Romania 2-0 on Saturday.

Kevin De Bruyne’s second-half goal completed the win after Youri Tielemans scored in the second minute at Cologne Stadium.

Watching on were Belgium’s King Philippe and Queen Mathilde.

“We knew what we needed to do. We needed to win otherwise we were going home,” De Bruyne said. “I will do everything I can to keep the lads on track.”

This was just what Belgium needed after the Slovakia stunner, which raised the prospect of another early exit from a major tournament after being eliminated at the group stage of the 2022 World Cup.

Tielemans gave the No. 3-ranked team in the world a flying start with a goal from the edge of the area. De Bruyne converted direct from Belgium goalkeeper Koen Casteels’ long kick in the 80th.

The result means all four teams in Group E have three points and there is all to play for in the final round of games on Wednesday, when Belgium plays Ukraine and Romania takes on Slovakia.

“I’m very relieved we won the game. It was very important to get the three points,” Belgium coach Domenico Tedesco said.

While Belgium won, there was more frustration for Romelu Lukaku, who had a third goal ruled out by VAR at these Euros.

Still, he was at the center of his team’s great start when laying the ball off for Tielemans to drive in low from the edge of the box.

Belgium has been criticized for failing to live up to expectations in the past, and its opening defeat would not have helped the confidence among the squad going into Saturday’s game.

Tielemans’ goal seemed to lift the pressure, and Belgium ruled the rest of the half with 67% of possession.

Lukaku thought he scored after the break, but VAR said he strayed offside before firing past Romania keeper Florin Nita.

The longer the game went on without Belgium scoring a second, the more the tension rose.

Dennis Man could have evened the score when running through on goal, but was denied by Casteels.

The keeper then turned provider with a long punt upfield, which De Bruyne raced on to and fired home.

Tedesco thought his team took too long to seal the win.

“Scoring four or five goals tonight was possible,” he said. “It is important to create chances, but you have to kill the game earlier for sure.”

Under former Belgium coach Roberto Martinez, Portugal advanced to the knockout phase after a 3-0 win against Turkey in Group F. Georgia picked up its first ever point at a major tournament after a drawing the Czech Republic 1-1 and still has hopes of advancing.

___

James Robson is at https://twitter.com/jamesalanrobson

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psor iasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Effective Non-surgical Body Contouring At Clinics In North Char...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
Lunar Lamp Brings Hope to New Homes
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Read More
Transform Smiles Disc reetly With Invisible Braces
Invisible Braces
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why I Love My Purple Rose Cross
Purple Rose Cross Suncatcher
Advertisement:
Read More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/belgium-romania-euro-7a749f40075a79175297c892588ed090 
 ----- 
