This site asks for consent to use your data

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Manage Options
Consent
Skip to content
Home
News
Geingob’s Funeral
Live
Crime
Politics
Health
Popular
Youth Central
Obituaries
Environment
Features
Photo of the Day
Energy Centre
Corrections
National
Elections
Business
Economy
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Management Tips
Opinions
Entrepreneurs
Tenders
Competitions
Multimedia
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Opinions
Editorials
Opinions
Letters
Cartoons
Speeches and Statements
Manifestos 2024
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Fashion
WhatsOn
Travel
TopRevs
Faces at Places
Food
Tourism
Investigative Unit
All Reports
Fishrot
Special Reports
Multimedia
Profiles
About Us
Sport
Football
Boxing
Cricket
Rugby
Tennis
Athletics
Cycling
Hockey
General
Supplements
Oshiwambo
Subscribe Now
Digital Subscription
Search
Don’t give up on Warriors – Hanamub
Riaan !Hanamub in action against Burundi. File photo

By Sheefeni Nikodemus

21 November 2023

The Brave Warriors know that they are due a positive result against São Tomé and Príncipe today, following defeat to Equatorial Guinea in their opening 2026 Fifa World Cup qualifier last week.

That much is not up for debate, said defender Riaan Hanamub ahead of the Group H clash in Agadir, Morocco.

São Tomé were beaten 4-0 by Tunisia on Friday, while Namibia lost 1-0 to Equatorial Guinea on Wednesday.

The results left Namibia second last and today’s opponent bottom of the standings.

Namibia were again undone by a lapse in defence, while they failed to capitalise on scoring chances that came their way in Malabo.

“As a sports person, you should never get your head down after a defeat, you should keep your head high and just continue working hard in training and obviously try to implement what the coach is trying to drill in us, and I think it will pay off,” Hanamub said.

The Falcons and True Parrots of São Tomé were heavy underdogs against Tunisia and so it proved as the north Africans cruised to victory.

Currently the fourth-lowest ranked African nation, the west coast islanders are not expected to pose the Brave Warriors much discomfort either.

It remains to be seen if they will have enough in the tank for Namibia after putting on a mighty shift to keep the score respectable against Tunisia’s Carthage Eagles.

Also today, group leaders Tunisia are away to a buoyant Malawi side which edged Liberia 1-0 on Friday, with the latter at home to Equatorial Guinea.

Hananub believes the Brave Warriors can post their first points on board with a disciplined and sharper effort.

That was the difference between them and the Nzalang Nacional on Wednesday.

“We had lots of positives in the game. We’re creating chances, it was just a matter of us converting them. We hope that today it will be different. The commitment from everyone was top notch and the hard work also,” said the experienced left-back.

“I think we should take all the positives into the next game and obviously dust off the negatives, like conceding the goal against Equatorial Guinea,” Hanamub said.

“So, we need to bring our A-game. If we don’t concede, we have a better chance of winning the match.

“I would like the supporters to rally behind us and not to give up. Because we’re trying our best. Their support is really appreciated.”

Stand-in Namibia captain Ananias Gebhardt said they needed to put last weeks’ disappointment behind them and focus on the task ahead.

“It’s a small setback but we’re not down and out. We’ll give it our all and march on to make sure that we get the best possible result.”

Stay informed with The Namibian – your source for credible journalism. Get in-depth reporting and opinions for only N$85 a month. Invest in journalism, invest in democracy –
Subscribe Now!

 
 
 
 
Trending Stories
Pensioner dies in head-on crash in Oshikoto
Boyfriend, nephew arrested for allegedly killing woman at Swakopmund
Pensioner hit by vehicle at Oshakati
Man arrested for trying to smuggle cannabis into cells
Body discovered at Grootfontein showgrounds
Latest News
Man attacked with panga in Ohangwena region
2 January 2025
Farmworker takes own life after running over child with vehicle
2 January 2025
Teenage boy stabbed to death at Ncamagoro
2 January 2025
14 New Year’s Day babies born at Katima Mulilo hospital
2 January 2025




42 John Meinert Street, Windhoek,Namibia, +264 61 279 600

The Namibian
© All rights reserved.

Get involved
Archive
Subscribe Now
Useful links
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Digital Subscription
About the website
Archive
About Us
Contact Us
Oshiwambo
Newsletters
Corrections
Download our app
Android
iOS
Follow us

Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website vest in The Free Press of Namibia (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No 85/058). The unauthorized making of copies or use of this material constitutes a copyright infringment under the Namibian Copyright and Neighbouring Rights Protection Act, 1994 (Act No 6 of 1994).

Powered by PageSuite © 2025 The Namibian. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.namibian.com.na/dont-give-up-on-warriors-hanamub/ 
 ----- 
