Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Australia
Disgraced Israel Folau Blames ‘media Spin’ For 2019 Rugby Australia ‘termination’
Disgraced Israel Folau blames ‘media spin’ for 2019 Rugby Australia ‘termination’
Colin Newboult
25 Aug 2024 11:54 AM
10

Israel Folau, former Wallabies full-back, in 2019.

Israel Folau insisted that he was “misunderstood” in 2019 as the former Wallabies full-back opened up on his sacking from Rugby Australia.

The 35-year-old was at the peak of his playing powers back then, but his career at the top level was effectively ended when homophobic social media posts led to RA ripping up the contract.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Folau put on Instagram that “hell awaits drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists and idolators”.

The post came a year after he created a social media storm when he responded: “Hell.. unless they repent of their sins and turn to God” when asked what God’s “plan for homosexuals” was.

RA’s decision

RA therefore took action to terminate his deal and in May 2019 he was sacked by the governing body.

Five years later and the disgraced Folau spoke to The Sporting News’ Ebbs and Flows podcast about that controversy and those homophobic comments, where he blamed the media for his departure.

“When I put up the post, I never thought that I’d get terminated for it. It just never crossed my mind,” the former Wallaby said.

“A lot of people misunderstood the actual post and the media played a huge part in taking it and spinning that one word.

Ad

“If you know me personally, you’d know the intention behind the post. But the media played a huge part in taking it and spinning it the way they wanted to.

“I think that built all that pressure and momentum which went that way and ended up with me getting terminated.”

Israel Folau’s contract terminated

Folau spoke about a range of topics in the interview, including the current state of Australian rugby, where the Urayasu D-Rocks player confidently proclaimed that he would still be good enough for the Wallabies.

“I think I could,” he said. “If I got given the opportunity to go into that changeroom and put on the gold jersey again tomorrow, I think I’d fit straight in.”

Union or league

Folau began his career in rugby league, becoming a star of the sport when still just a teenager, but he has spent the majority of his career in union.

After a stint in Australian rules football, he joined the Waratahs in 2013 and would go on to earn 73 caps for the national team.

Following World Rugby’s decision to alter their eligibility laws, Folau switched allegiances to Tonga, but he missed out on the 2023 Rugby World Cup.

Ad
Should Joe Schmidt select more overseas-based players?
Yes
No

“I think I’m better at rugby than league. I enjoy playing rugby a lot more than league, anyway,” he said.

“Being an outside back, when you’re playing league – if I’m playing on the right edge – I’m just there the whole 80 minutes.

“When you play rugby as an outside back, you have the freedom to roam around and play on both sides of the field. And that’s something I really enjoy.

“You can pop yourself up pretty much anywhere you like.

“As a full-back in league, that’s what they do in that game. But any outside back can do that in rugby whether you’re a winger, centre or full-back.”

Ad

READ MORE: ‘It’s head down, bum up and push as hard as I can’ – Wallabies forward reveals radical change to his game due to foot reconstruction

Australia
Israel Folau
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
29 Oct 2024
Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii reveals relationship with ‘great mentor’ Israel Folau as he tackles Wallabies backlash head-on

Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii has revealed that former Wallabies star Israel Folau is an idol and inspiration of his.

David Skippers
28 Oct 2024
Wallabies: Israel Folau reveals which position suits Joseph Suaalii best

Israel Folau has given his verdict on which position fellow code hopper Joseph Suaalii should settle on in rugby union.

Colin Newboult
09 Oct 2024
Better than Brad Thorn and Sonny Bill Williams? Australian coach makes staggering claim about Wallabies’ new 5 million dollar recruit

Joseph Suaalii’s former coach has made a big call about the impact he could make in rugby union.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
23 hours ago
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
23 hours ago
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
6 minutes ago
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
1 hour ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
1 hour ago
1
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
3 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
3 hours ago
6
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
1 hour ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/disgraced-israel-folau-blames-media-spin-for-2019-rugby-australia-termination 
 ----- 
