Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Crew kicks off Hispanic Heritage Month with custom cleats
Share
Crew kicks off Hispanic Heritage Month with custom cleats
September 16th, 2023

Adam McCalvy

@AdamMcCalvy
Share

0:01

0:47

This story was excerpted from Adam McCalvy’s Brewers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

MILWAUKEE -- Willy Adames and Freddy Peralta provided an extra pop of color for the Brewers’ annual Cerveceros Night at American Family Field on Friday, which coincided with the start of Hispanic Heritage Month across the league.

Adames and Peralta worked with Milwaukee-based designer Brandon Johnston of S2S Creations to create custom cleats representing each player’s roots in the Dominican Republic. During the planning meetings, they discussed their lives in and outside of baseball, and their wish lists for the cleats.

“It represents where I came from,” Peralta told Brewers sideline reporter Sophia Minnaert for a feature that ran on Bally Sports Wisconsin prior to Friday’s game.

Peralta’s cleats feature a reflective silver Nike swoosh set amid bright shades of pink and yellow to represent Dominican subsets, plus baby blue and textured sandy colors to represent the beach. There’s also an image of a camel, which has deep meaning for Peralta to represent perseverance and resilience.

Adames’ cleats are just as eclectic, with the right featuring the Brewers’ City Connect colors and the flag of the Dominican Republic on the tongue. The red and yellow on the left foot is an homage to his favorite superhero, The Flash. On one of the straps is Adames’ personal mantra, #NoBookbag, which he posts as a personal reminder to always stay humble.

“Everyone who knows me knows I like having nice shoes,” Adames said. “But these ones are really cool because they have a lot of special touches because they represent me and who I am.”

Johnston included personalized inserts for each player as a surprise.

For Peralta, one side recognizes his National League Pitcher of the Month Award for August and the other has his children’s names with their favorite characters, Mickey and Minnie Mouse.

For Adames, one foot highlights his time playing for the Tigres Del Licey in the Dominican Winter League, and the other features an image of Adames recently meeting his childhood hero, Derek Jeter.

“It was an incredible moment,” Adames said. “Probably one of the best moments of my life.”

The cleats will eventually go to a good cause. As part of a Brewers collaboration with Milwaukee Film, they will be on display and available for auction at the upcoming Culture By Design: Sneakers and Streetwear Summit, taking place on Saturday, Oct. 7 at Milwaukee’s convention center. Proceeds will benefit Brewers Community Foundation.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Willy Adames
Freddy Peralta

Supervising Club Reporter Adam McCalvy has covered the Brewers for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/willy-adames-freddy-peralta-hispanic-heritage-month-custom-cleats 
 ----- 
