Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
WWE
News
WWE
The Rock makes emphatic return, reunites with John Cena on WWE SmackDown

Fans in Denver were treated to an unexpected moment on Friday night.

The Rock and John Cena embrace on WWE SmackDown.WWE
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 15/09/2023 - 20:18 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
WWE. Report: Jade Cargill to make shocking departure from AEW to WWE
WWE. Cavinder twins celebrate rising WWE stardom with swimsuit photos

Leading up to this Friday night's WWE SmackDown show, the talk was centered on a big return: that of one of the most successful wrestlers of all-time, John Cena. But before Cena could take the stage in Denver, a longtime legend of the sport also made an unanticipated return.

The spectacle began with Pat McAfee being interrupted by Austin Theory. During their in-ring conversation, "IF YOU SMELL" rung over the arena speakers, signaling the entrance of none other than The Rock. The crowd went absolutely crazy.

While McAfee watched from the corner, The Rock and Theory went back-and-forth verbally in the middle of the ring.

They then began fighting, but a "spine buster" from The Rock left Theory in perfect position for one of the most iconic wrestling moves in history: "The People's Elbow". Even McAfee got his own version in at the end.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Following the in-ring events, McAfee and The Rock were shown talking backstage before they were joined by Cena. After a long initial silent period, Cena and The Rock embraced, with Cena telling him "welcome home".

Fans were treated to a must-see SmackDown show filled with action and nostalgia. With The Rock and Cena back in the fold, the entertainment value of future shows just went way, way up.

WWE - English
Dwayne Johnson - English
John Cena - English
WWELogan Paul reveals why The Rock wants nothing to do with him: 'I f**king hate myself'
WWEDwayne 'The Rock' Johnson promoted as board member of WWE's parent company, TKO
WWERoyal Rumble 2024 Participants: Who will be at WWE's first major event of 2024?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/wwe/2023/09/16/65050235268e3e3f388b458c.html 
 ----- 
