HOME
NEWS
TELUGU NEWS
MOVIE NEWS
MOVIE REVIEWS
PRESS RELEASES
ARTICLES
BHAKTI
GRIEVANCES
Pathum Nissanka becomes first Sri Lanka batter to score double-hundred, achieves feat against Afghanistan
09-02-2024 Fri 19:26 | Sports | IANS

Pallekele (Sri Lanka), Feb 9: Pathum Nissanka on Friday scripted history by becoming the first Sri Lankan batter to score a double century in One-Day International (ODI) cricket, reaching the remarkable landmark during the first ODI match against Afghanistan here.

The 22-year-old dynamo's double century came in a mere 136 balls, catapulting him into elite company as the third-fastest batter to achieve this milestone in ODIs. With this scintillating performance, Nissanka surpassed the likes of legendary cricketers Chris Gayle (138) and Virender Sehwag (140), respectively.

Ishan Kishan holds the record for fastest double-century which he scored against Bangladesh back in 2022 in 126 balls, followed by Glen Maxwell’s 128 deliveries double-hundred.

Nissanka remained unbeaten at 210 in the match in an innings peppered with 20 fours and eight sixes as Sri Lanka put on a total of 381/3 in 50 overs.

Nissanka's monumental innings not only rewrote the record books but also shattered the long-standing record set by the iconic Sanath Jayasuriya for the highest individual score by a Sri Lankan batter in ODIs. Jayasuriya's illustrious mark of 189 runs, achieved against India in 2000, was eclipsed by Nissanka's sublime display of batting mastery.

(The content of this article is sourced from a news agency and has not been edited by the ap7am team.)
Pathum Nissanka Sri Lanka Team Sri Lanka
   
Leave Feedback on this news
More News
Road Accident Victims to Receive Cashless Treatment up to ₹1.5 Lakh under New Central Scheme
21 minutes ago
Niharika Responds to Stampede Incident at Sandhya Theatre
28 minutes ago
Another Complaint Filed Against KTR with ACB
38 minutes ago
Comments on Women’s Body Shape Constitute Sexual Harassment: Kerala High Court
61 minutes ago
Ram Charan’s Remuneration for 'Game Changer' Revealed!
73 minutes ago
YS Sharmila Slams NDA Government Ahead of Modi’s Vizag Visit
82 minutes ago
Actor Suresh Opens Up About His Friendship with Nadiya Amid Old Rumors
103 minutes ago
Freebies Have Funds, But Not for Judges' Salaries?: Supreme Court Questions State Governments
115 minutes ago
Chandrababu’s Security Further Tightened with Additional Counter-Action Team
2 hours ago
Amit Shah Launches 'BharatPol' Portal to Crack Down on Fugitives Abroad
2 hours ago
PM Modi’s Visit to Vizag Today: Inauguration and Foundation Stones for Projects Worth ₹2.08 Lakh Crores
2 hours ago
R. Krishnaiah Praises Chandrababu Naidu
2 hours ago
Twist in 'Woman Eloped with Beggar' Case in UP
3 hours ago
BCCI to Review India’s Heavy Defeat in Border-Gavaskar Trophy: What’s Next?
3 hours ago
Hero Vishal’s Health Condition Clarified by Actress Khushbu
4 hours ago
..more
©2025 ap7am.com
Home
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
ContactUs
Grievances
LWDO
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ap7am.com/en/74758/pathum-nissanka-becomes-first-sri-lanka-batter-to-score-double-hundred-achieves-feat-against-afghanistan 
 ----- 
