Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
Christmas
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
LIVE
updated
3 months ago
SportFootball
Montenegro v Wales LIVE: Nations League final score and result after Moore and Wilson strike early

Craig Bellamy’s Wales side built on a positive first result against Turkey with victory over Montenegro in the Nations League

Lawrence Ostlere
Monday 09 September 2024 21:53 BST
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Harry Wilson is challenged by Montenegro’s Milos Brnovic (Getty Images)

Wales have beaten Montenegro 2-1 in their Nations League match in Niksic.

The visitors got off to the perfect start when Kieffer Moore pounced on the ball in the box and lashed home off the post with only 38 seconds on the clock. And just two minutes later, Harry Wilson thumped a long-range strike into the net to give Wales a two-goal lead.

Montenegro came back into the game, with captain Stefan Jovetic hitting the bar from the halfway line and missing a sitter which was well saved by Welsh keeper Karl Darlow, among an array of chances. Driton Camaj eventually pulled one back in the second half, but it was too little, too late.

The game played out in driving rain as a soaked manager, Craig Bellamy, watched his new-look side continue their more aggressive, front-foot approach. And it paid off as they added to an initial draw with Turkey in Cardiff last week with three valuable points here.

RECOMMENDED
Craig Bellamy brings excitement back to Wales as new era gets off to promising start
MONTENEGRO V WALES LIVE
Wales face Montenegro in second match of Nations League | 7.45pm BST on S4C and BBC iPlayer
Craig Bellamy’s side secured opening draw with Turkey as Montenegro lost 2-0 to Iceland
Team news: Wales make five changes as teenager Lewis Koumas starts in attack
Wales XI: Darlow; Mepham, Rodon, Davies; Roberts, Cooper, Ampadu, N.Williams; H.Wilson, Moore, Koumas
GOAL! Montenegro 0-1 Wales (Moore, 1 min)
GOAL! Montenegro 0-2 Wales (Wilson, 3 min)
GOAL! Montenegro 1-2 Wales (Camaj, 73 min)
Full-time! Montenegro 1-2 Wales
Show latest update
3 months ago
Half-time: Montenegro 0-2 Wales

That was a brilliant 45 minutes of football in the driving rain, kickstarted by Kieffer Moore’s opportunistic strike after 38 seconds, which was soon followed by a stunning goal by Harry Wilson from range.

Montenegro came back into the game and could, and should, have scored. Their captain Stefan Jovetic hit the bar from the halfway line, then saw his shot saved by Karl Darlow from two yards out. Ben Davies scrambled back to clear the rebound off the line, before surviving a penalty shout just before the break.

Hopefully much more of the same to come.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:36
Promoted stories
南港新灣區 發現最強新資產
東方大境
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

42 min: A pity here, as Connor Roberts is forced off with what looks like a minor muscle injury. He’s replaced by Brennan Johnson, and it looks like Johnson will play at right wing-back, with Neco Williams on the left side.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:31
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

38 min: A big penalty shout here from the home players, and crowd, but the referee – Georgi Kabakov of Bulgaria – waves away the protests. Stefan Jovetic had headered the ball on target and it may have been going inside the far post, before it struck the arm of Ben Davies. Davies, in fairness, had his arm in a pretty neutral position by his side, but the ball travelled a couple of yards and you’ve seen them given.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:29
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

34 min: The game has entered a little bit of a lull, perhaps unsurprisingly after such a frenetic first half hour.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:25
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

29 min: How have Montenegro not scored?! First Darlow makes a brilliant point-blank save to deny captain Jovetic a couple of yards out, and then Davies gets back on the line to clear away the rebound. Great last-ditch stuff from Wales.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:19
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

25 min: Weather update: it is still raining, heavily. Craig Bellamy’s bomber jacket does not appear to be faring well. Is it even waterproof?

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:17
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

21 min: Koumas pounces on a high ball and tries to dribble into the box, but the teenager is quickly bounced off the ball and Wales will have a corner, to be taken by Harry Wilson. The set-piece is too deep and it runs through for a throw-in on the far side.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:13
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

18 min: Brilliant pressure by Lewis Koumas, who chases a back pass and forces goalkeeper Mijatovic to lash the ball into the stands for a Welsh throw-in. That appears to be Bellamy’s blueprint in a nutshell: high pace and hard running, and it’s working so far here.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:08
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

15 min: Oh my, almost an incredible goal! Just as Wales put together a composed spell of possession, Ethan Ampadu gives the ball away on the halfway line and Stefan Jovetic immediately fires at goal. The ball sails over the stranded Darlow and crashes against the crossbar, before bouncing behind to safety. Brilliantly quick thinking by the Montenegro captain, and a let off for Wales.

At the other end, Wales attack with pace and win a free-kickf on the edge of the box, but a tricky set-piece routine complicates the situation and Wilson fires off target at the end of it all.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:04
Promoted stories
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
COMBATSIEGE
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
3 months ago
Montenegro 0-2 Wales

12 min: Wales have settled down after a frantic, end-to-end start to the game – mostly Montenegro’s end, it should be said. The visitors have got their foot on the ball and they are keeping it.

Lawrence Ostlere9 September 2024 20:01
Newer
3
 / 6
Older
More aboutWales footballMontenegro footballNations LeagueCraig Bellamy
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
網路投保駕駛人傷害險享82折優惠
新安東京海上產險|Sponsored
請支持綠色和平海洋減塑捐款計畫
財團法人綠色和平基金會|Sponsored
找到命定床墊！『德泰彈簧床』重返最合拍的睡眠狀態～
德泰彈簧床|Sponsored
找網紅合作？就交給 Kolr 讓品牌爆紅
KOL RADAR|Sponsored
安達人壽安心抗癌 定期癌症險
安達人壽|Sponsored
日山能源｜限時特惠！變流器加贈15個側邊線夾
日山能源|Sponsored
「來一片嗎？」驚！差點搶同事的來吃→這次團購我跟定了！
一口鍋|Sponsored
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居|Sponsored
NEWS
Father who died on Christmas Day named as police launch murder in...
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
VOICES
How Putin’s ‘ruthless’ Christmas Day attacks on Ukraine may backfire
Nine things women wish men would understand about how they live their lives
After Saoirse Ronan’s mic drop moment about women’s safety, Anna Hart looks at the things women wish they could do without thinking twice…
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Read More Comments
３ＧＵＮ天天換搭好感內著，組合５９９起★
3GUN|Sponsored
檸檬漬片隨手包｜輕鬆放口袋酸甜帶著走
檸檬生存指南|Sponsored
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
LIFESTYLE
Moo Deng’s habitat set for upgrade after crypto billionaire’s donation
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告|Sponsored
SPORT
What times does Luke Littler play at the darts tonight?
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/montenegro-wales-score-live-stream-result-nations-league-b2609348.html?page=3 
 ----- 
