Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Bermuda deflated by second-half blitz from Honduras
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Jun 10, 2024 11:39 AM (Updated: Jun 11, 2024 08:04 AM)
28 Comments
133
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
It’s a penalty: Bermuda striker Kole Hall, left, is brought down inside the box by Honduras defender Luis Vega (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)

Bermuda 1 Honduras 6

Bermuda’s 2026 World Cup aspirations suffered a huge dent after they were heavily beaten by Honduras in their second qualifying match at the Flora Duffy Stadium last night.

While it was always going to be tough for Michael Findlay’s side against such highly rated opponents, there was some hope at half time with the score at 1-1 before the away side scored three times in 15 minutes at the start of the second half to run away with the game maintain their 100 per cent record.

The defeat pushed Bermuda down to fourth position in the five-team group, with the Bermudians above only Cuba, who face Cayman Islands at home on Tuesday, but despite the heavy loss coach Michael Findlay was keen to remain optimistic.

“We were not ashamed at all tonight and I was quite proud of the efforts every one of the players made against a team like Honduras,’’ Findlay said.

Dale Eve made some great saves against Honduras (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)

“At the same time there were situations and deficiencies we’ll have to address. There’s also realities we have to work on.”

Missing the services of Harry Twite, who was ruled out after picking up a knock in the 1-1 draw against Antigua & Barbuda four days earlier, Bermuda’s defence was put to the test throughout the match.

Dale Eve was called into action three times in the opening five minutes to deny Luis Palma twice and Antony Lozano, the Honduras captain.

The home side’s rearguard was eventually breached in the fourteenth minute when Kervin Arriaga was picked out by Palma and made no mistake with his shot at goal.

Zeiko Lewis scored Bermuda’s only goal from the penalty spot against Honduras (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)

Bermuda equalised four minutes into added time at the end of the first half when Kole Hall was impeded inside the box by Luis Vega and referee Karen Hernandez pointed to the spot. Zeiko Lewis sent Edrick Menjivar the wrong way to bring the home side level.

That was a as good as it got for Bermuda and defender Luke Robinson shared his thoughts on what they could have done better defensively.

“I think just maybe dropping a little bit quicker, but ultimately the first half it’s 1-1,’’ Robinson said.

“The second half you can see maybe fitness levels from players who are in season now and those who play in the top flight.

Andy Najar, left, and Luis Palma celebrate a Honduras goal (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)

“That happened the same with Guinea [Fifa Series], where we were in the game in the first half and then in the second half you can maybe see that fitness level come into play. We opened up a lot more and that’s just unfortunate for us.

“It’s something that we’ll have to take accountability for and try get ourselves in environments where that’s just normal for us.

“I don’t think it was necessarily as bad as the result says, but I think you can see there’s a lot of work to be done.

“We have to watch the game back, see what we could do better. We have to take these lessons into the Nations League and just try to implement anything that we can do as well.”

David Ruiz, Edwin Rodriguez and Vega found the net for Honduras early in the second half before Andy Najar and substitute Bryan Róchez completed the rout.

“We knew they were going to turn the heat up in the first five to ten minutes of the second half,’’ Findlay said.

“I’m sure that from their perspective, they probably were not pleased with their performance.

“That team expects to beat us, the demands on them are to beat us. We tried to prepare for them turning up the heat, but we had issues with the second and third runners that were coming into the channels in attack.

“That comes with experience and what we’ve seen as we slowly grow is we’re finding ourselves becoming more comfortable and understanding what our capabilities are, which I think are very high from a footballing point of view.

“We have to match that footballing IQ along with the understanding of what it takes to deny opposition opportunities, like we were presented tonight in which they were clinical.”

Photo gallery

SCORERS

Bermuda: Lewis 45+4 pen

Honduras: Arriaga 14, Ochoa 49, Rodriguez 53, Vega 56, Najar 62, Mejia 90+1

TEAMS

Bermuda (4-2-3-1): D Eve — J Butterfield-Steede, D Leverock, R Lee, L Robinson — A Todd (sub: N Tucker, 57min), K Martin — Z Lewis (sub: D Swan-DeSilva, 80), K Crichlow (sub: S Ming, 66), D Parfitt-Williams (sub: K Scott, 81), — K Hall (sub: J Bean, 66). Substitutes not used: H Twite, R Coddington, R Jones, D Bell, A Kempe, R Robinson, C McDowell. Booked: Lee

Honduras (4-4-1-1): E Menjivar — K Arriaga, L Vega, C Melendez, A Najar (sub: R Santos, 67) — L Palma (sub: W Decas 76), J Rosales, D Flores (sub: F Martinez 76), E Rodriguez (sub: A Lopez, 67) — D Ochoa — C Lozano (sub: B Mejia, 67). Substitutes not used: J Rougier, L Lopez, C Pineda, J Martinez, R Castillo, D Garcia, J Alvarez.

Referee: K Hernandez (Mexico).

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL FIFA WORLD CUP
Related Stories
Dandy Town fight back to claim Friendship Trophy final spot
Time to invest in Alexander Isak
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Ruthless Boulevard hit seven past Eagles to reach Shield final
133
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published June 10, 2024 at 11:39 am (Updated June 11, 2024 at 8:04 am)
Bermuda deflated by second-half blitz from Honduras
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/27/2024
Nicholas Pedro: the back story
12/28/2024
Myron Simmons disbarred for improper conduct
12/27/2024
Christmas gift a dream come true for Ravi Cannonier-Watson
12/27/2024
Man in court for haul of stolen garments
12/27/2024
Yo, ho, ho: Claire introduces new rum cake line
12/27/2024
Buy one, get one free launch by BermudAir
12/27/2024
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
12/28/2024
Academic becomes UK university’s first Black professor

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
ELLIS, MINISTER ALBERT
JEFFERIS, RONALD EDMUND CHRISTOPHER
LUSHER, NICHOLAS CROSSON (NICKY)
PUGH, TRUDI ANN
Ramotar, Peter Anthony

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 27 Dec 2024
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20240610/bermuda-heavily-beaten-by-honduras-in-world-cup-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
