Virat Kohli admits India 'not brave enough' as World Cup hopes fade
01 Nov 2021
Virat Kohli reacts to a boundary hit by Daryl Mitchell during the T20 World Cup match in Dubai on Sunday night. AP

India captain Virat Kohli admitted his team was "not brave enough" after an eight-wicket rout by New Zealand left their Twenty20 World Cup hopes hanging by a thread on Sunday night.

Fast bowler Trent Boult and leg-spinner Ish Sodhi shared five wickets to restrict India to 110 for seven after being invited to bat first in the Super 12 clash in Dubai.

Skipper Kane Williamson and Daryl Mitchell, who made 49, put on 72 runs for the second wicket as the Kiwis romped home in 14.3 overs and handed India their second straight loss of the tournament.

Jasprit Bumrah denied Mitchell his maiden fifty but the wicket proved a minor blemish for New Zealand, who bounced back from their opening loss to group-toppers Pakistan.

 New Zealand's players celebrate after the dismissal of Rohit Sharma (not pictured) as Virat Kohli watches. AFP


India, who lost their first Super 12 match to Pakistan by 10 wickets, are in danger of missing the semi-finals.

READ MORE

Afghanistan give perfect farewell gift to Asghar with thumping 62-run victory over Namibia in T20 WC

England look to close in on semis spot with victory over Sri Lanka

New Zealand crush India in key T20 World Cup clash in Dubai

They have no points from two games while old rivals Pakistan lead the way with six points and Afghanistan have four after three games each.

"I don't think we were brave enough with bat or ball," said Kohli whose team will face Afghanistan, Scotland and Namibia in their remaining games. Only the top two make the semi-finals.

"We didn't have much to defend but we weren't brave when we walked out to field. When you play for the Indian cricket team you have a lot of expectations — not just from fans, but players as well," he added.

"So there's always going to be more pressure with our games and we've embraced it over the years."

Williamson hailed his team as they collected their first win. "A fantastic all-round performance from us against a formidable India side," he said.

"We were able to build pressure throughout and the way the openers came out really set the platform."

Agence France-Presse

T20 cricket
T20 World Cup
T20 WC 2021
Virat Kohli
Cricket
UAE Cricket
India Cricket
Related articles
SPORT
Australia beat India by 6 wicket to regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy
21 hours ago
SPORT
Carey backs pacer Starc to win fitness race ahead of final Test
01 Jan 2025
SPORT
Melbourne loss brings fresh calls for Rohit, Kohli to exit Test arena
01 Jan 2025
SPORT
Duffy and Hay heroics secure T20 series for New Zealand over Sri Lanka
30 Dec 2024
Most Popular Stories
1
NEWS
HHC hails Camel Trek partners role
2
NEWS
Liwa International Festival 2025 concludes successfully
3
NEWS
Thousands attend screening of ‘Mufasa’
Share stories with us securely and confidentially
Other Articles
Pakistan, all out for 194, forced to follow on against South Africa in second Test

South Africa enforced the follow-on after they bowled out Pakistan for 194 to take a first innings lead of 421 runs on the third day of the second...

20 hours ago
Indian skipper Rohit Sharma says not retiring from Test cricket

Indian cricket team captain Rohit Sharma said on Saturday he stood down from the decisive ongoing fifth Australia Test because he was not in form but insisted he was not...

04 Jan 2025
Australia beat India by 6 wicket to regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy

After 2014/15, Australia were winless in the Border-Gavaskar Trophy on their home soil. But the tables turned under bright sunshine at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Sunday, as the hosts...

21 hours ago
PCB to fly injured Ayub from South Africa to London for treatment

The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has decided to fly injured opening batsman Saim Ayub to London in hopes of getting him fit in time for next month’s Champions Trophy.Ayub fractured...

20 hours ago
PDF SUBSCRIPTION
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
PUBLISHING POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gulftoday.ae/Sport/2021/11/01/Virat-Kohli-admits-India-not-brave-enough-as-World-Cup-hopes-fade 
 ----- 
