     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Topics  Foreign Policy and Security Studies  BFM podcast – Beyond the ballot box: How should Malaysia tackle Myanmar...
Foreign Policy and Security StudiesPodcast
BFM podcast – Beyond the ballot box: How should Malaysia tackle Myanmar crisis as next ASEAN chair
by Thomas Daniel -
27 September 2024
Related:
ASEAN, Conflict, Malaysia, Myanmar, Refugees, Rohingya ASEAN Chairmanship, South China Sea


Thomas Daniel was interviewed by BFM89.9 on 26 September 2024

Produced by: Dashran Yohan
Presented by: Dashran Yohan

Malaysia will be the chair of ASEAN in 2025.

Many have argued that this is an exhilarating time for the Asian region, particularly Southeast Asia. But while there is excitement and opportunities, there are also plenty of real challenges. One such challenge that ASEAN will have to continue navigating is the crisis in Myanmar.

As we know, Myanmar has been in turmoil since 2021 following a military coup that overthrew the democratically elected government, leading to a civil war between the Junta and various pro-democracy and liberation forces. Some have even called it a revolution.

So, what should ASEAN’s role be in this crisis?

In this episode, we speak to Thomas Daniel, who’s a Senior Fellow at the Institute of Strategic & International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia. He recently wrote an article arguing that with Malaysia as chair, ASEAN should approach the situation in Myanmar much differently than the past few years.

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Thomas Daniel
Thomas is a senior fellow in the Foreign Policy and Security Studies programme. His interests lie in the strategic-security challenges of Southeast Asia, including the impacts of major power dynamics on ASEAN. He looks mainly at the South China Sea dispute, political-security cohesion within ASEAN and Malaysia’s security and foreign policies. Thomas also focuses on government policies towards refugees, asylum seekers and other displaced people in Malaysia, as well as the impacts of the crisis in Myanmar on the region. He is a member of the Malaysia Study Group on Myanmar, convened by Universiti Malaya. He comments on these issues in local, regional and international forums and media. Thomas holds an MA (International Studies) from the University of Nottingham (Malaysia), a BA in Communication and Media Management, and a BA (hons) in Communication, Media & Culture from the University of South Australia.
By: Thomas Daniel
Related
Roundtable on the return of Trump and implications for ASEAN-US relations
03 January 2025
The year ahead 2025 – world
27 December 2024
Malaysia as ASEAN Chair with Thomas Daniel
19 December 2024
Track two dialogue is key to unlocking Quad–ASEAN cooperation
18 October 2024
Malaysia’s ASEAN chairmanship is a catalyst, not a panacea
16 October 2024
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/09/27/bfm-podcast-beyond-the-ballot-box-how-should-malaysia-tackle-myanmar-crisis-as-next-asean-chair/ 
 ----- 
