HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Senegal vs Cameroon: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 17, 2024 at 8:46 AM
Modified at :
January 17, 2024 at 10:59 AM

Dhruv Sharma

0
0
Two of the most successful nations in AFCON go up against each other

In their recent AFCON opener, Senegal secured a 3-0 victory against Gambia with Pape Gueye opening the scoring and Lamine Camara netting a brace. Before the tournament, they maintained good form with a 1-0 win over Niger, courtesy of Formose Mendy’s late goal. In World Cup qualification, they drew 0-0 against Togo, retaining their group lead after a 4-0 win against South Sudan.

Starting their AFCON campaign with a 1-1 draw against Guinea, Cameroon couldn’t secure a win despite a 45-minute advantage against ten men. Mohamed Bayo scored for Guinea, answered by Frank Magri for Cameroon. Their only defeat came in a friendly against this week’s opponent, and they aim for a better outcome.

Kick-Off:

Friday; 19 January 2024, 05:00 PM GMT (10:30 PM IST)

Location: Charles Konan Banny Stadium

Form

Senegal (all competitions): W-W-D-W-W

Cameroon (all competitions): L-W-D-D-D

Players to watch
Lamine Camara (Senegal)

Lamine Camara, a professional footballer from Senegal, has garnered attention in the football community for his versatile and dynamic playing style in his first-ever senior appearance in the AFCON. The 20-year-old was on the scoresheet twice in Senegal’s opening game victory against Gambia. His composure with the ball, strategic positioning, and capacity to control the game’s pace from a central midfield position draw parallels to Busquets.

Frank Magri (Cameroon)

Frank Magri is renowned for a unique playing style that seamlessly combines finesse with a sharp finishing instinct, Magri stands out for his intelligent off-the-ball movements, adept at both creating space for himself and his teammates, and his versatility is evident. His composed presence in the box adds to his effectiveness, ensuring efficient conversion of goal-scoring opportunities. Magri’s equalizer in the second-half against Guinea helped them to secure a point.

Match Facts
Senegal have won four and drawn one in their last five matches.
In their last five games, Cameroon have won one, lost one and drawn three.
An international friendly against this week’s opponents ended in victory for Senegal as Sadio Mane converted from the spot.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Despite recent injury concerns, Salernitana striker Boulaye Dia is in Senegal’s squad for the upcoming tournament, with coach Aliou Cisse confident he’ll play. Defender Youssouf Sabaly, who hasn’t played since August, is also included, having returned to full training with Real Betis and aiming to contribute.

Vincent Aboubakar sustained a thigh injury during training session. Following scans, it was confirmed to be a minor injury. Although the duration of his absence is yet to be determined, if any, it is highly probable that he will play a pivotal role in Cameroon’s campaign. After missing Cameroon’s opener by a whisker, Onana is expected to start the second match for his nation.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 14

Senegal: 6

Cameroon: 5

Draws: 3

Predicted lineup for Senegal vs Cameroon
Senegal Predicted lineup:

Mendy; Jakobs, Koulibaly, Niakhate, Diatta; Gueye, Diallo, Camara; Mane, H. Diallo, Sarr

Cameroon predicted lineup: 

Ondoa; Yongwa, Wooh, Moukoudi, Castelletto; Anguissa, Kemen, Ntcham; Koudou, Ekambi, Magri

Match prediction for Senegal vs Cameroon

Senegal enters this match as the favoured team, buoyed by the considerable talent within their squad. While Cameroon needs a victory to maintain their hopes of topping the group, the prevailing expectation is that Senegal will secure a victory in this encounter. The superior skill set and notable players within the Senegalese team contribute to the anticipation of their edge in this matchup.

Prediction: Senegal 2-0 Cameroon

Telecast for Senegal vs Cameroon

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 C

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-senegal-vs-cameroon-match-preview 
 ----- 
