Sign in
All
DStv News
News
Highlights
Discover the Best Entertainment
News
On your Screen
Alerts
For the Kids
DStv has AFCON legendary moments in store!
News
18 January 2024

Cape Verde v Mozambique. Senegal v Cameroon. Guinea v Gambia.

SuperSport, the biggest sports broadcaster in Africa, brings viewers on DStv action from the group stage of the Africa Cup of Nations in Cote d’Ivoire, with three matches scheduled for Friday 19 January 2024.

It’s your AFCON moment – In HD, the way you like it! DStv is committed to achieving a world-class viewing experience for all customers to enjoy, by using technology such as cutting edge HD broadcasts, and that will certainly be the case for the AFCON!

The AFCON will also be in the language of your choice, with commentary available in English original, Swahili, Ki-Swahili, Amharic, Pidgin, Twi, Luganda and Portuguese.

Friday’s action begins in the afternoon with a Group B clash at the Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium in Abidjan, as Cape Verde and Mozambique cross swords.

The Mambas will be looking to build on their excellent showing in a 2-2 draw with heavyweights Egypt, in which they were a little unlucky not to come away with all three points.

“We were so close. The result was almost in our hands. However, it is up to us to work harder so that this does not happen again”, said Mozambique coach Chiquinho Conde. “I feel like I have completed my task. We are sad and that is a good thing because we are not satisfied with what we got [against Egypt].”

Group C is on deck in the evening, starting with Senegal and Cameroon meeting in a heavyweight clash at the Charles Konan Banny Stadium in Yamoussoukro.

The Teranga Lions got the defence of their title off to a great start with a 3-0 thumping of Gambia and will be looking to make an even bigger statement against one of their main title rivals.

“We will continue to work hard on a few things that need to be rectified, but overall, I am very happy,” said Senegal coach Aliou Cisse.

The night game from the same venue wraps up Friday’s football at the AFCON, with Guinea taking on the Gambia.

The Syli National put in a fine showing to draw 1-1 with Cameroon despite playing half of the game with 10 men following a straight red card for Francois Kamano.

“If we were 11 against 11, I think we could even have won [against Cameroon],” said coach Kaba Diawara. “They gave a red card, there's nothing we can do. At 10 against 11, we defended, we fought.

“It's the kind of match we would have lost not so long ago, but the mind took over. The boys are to be congratulated. Mentality, solidarity are things that we must do together. Group cohesion, no matter who is playing. I think we have progressed at least at this level.”

Don’t miss the best football action on DStv. Visit DStv website to subscribe or upgrade and join in on the excitement. And while you’re on the move, you can watch live action on DStv Stream.

Africa Cup of Nations broadcast details.

All times CAT.

Friday 19 January

16:00: Cape Verde v Mozambique – LIVE on SuperSport PSL, SuperSport Maximo 1 and SuperSport Maximo 360
19:00: Senegal v Cameroon – LIVE on SuperSport PSL, SuperSport Maximo 1 and SuperSport Maximo 360
22:00: Guinea v Gambia – LIVE on SuperSport PSL, SuperSport Maximo 1 and SuperSport Maximo 360
Latest News
News
18 November 2024
Add a little more to your festive season with DStv!

Bring Everyone Together with Unmissable Entertainment, Compliments of DStv.

Card Link
News
18 November 2024
Team Sayari Returns to National Geographic Wild

The series inspires young viewers across Africa to embrace environmental conservation and become the next generation of eco-champions.

Card Link
News
15 November 2024
Pearl Thusi Takes the Hot Seat in the Comedy Central Roast

Catch the Comedy Central Roast of Pearl Thusi for an evening of no-holds-barred humour. Tickets will be available soon on Webtickets. Don't miss it!

Card Link
Back to News
Watch
Stream with DStv
View your Watch List
Binge on Showmax
Rent a BoxOffice movie
Discover
Browse the TV Guide
What's Hot
Explore SuperSport
News
Buy
Get DStv
DStv for Home
Compare Packages
Decoders
Find Installer or Dealer
Manage & Support
Sign in to MyDStv
Fix Errors Online
Find Out How To Pay
Contact Us
Legal
Subscriber Ts & Cs
Campaigns & Promotions
FAQs
Supplier Contracting
Get DStv
Watch Now

Every moment, right at your fingertips.

Download your favourite DStv App.

MultiChoice Website
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookie Notice
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Copyright
Careers
Parental Guide
Manage Cookies

© 2022 MultiChoice Africa Holdings BV. All rights reserved

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram

MultiChoice Group and its partners use cookies to help deliver services and for advertising purposes. By using this website, you agree to this. You can change your cookie settings via the Manage Cookies option in the footer. For more information, see ourPrivacy Policy

Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dstv.com/en-ug/news/100287/dstv-has-afcon-legendary-moments-in-store 
 ----- 
