MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Stephen Curry scores 30 points, makes all 8 3-point attempts in Warriors' 139-105 win over 76ers
Updated Jan. 3, 2025 1:53 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Stephen Curry had 30 points and made all eight of his 3-point attempts, and the Golden State Warriors beat the Philadelphia 76ers 139-105 on Thursday night.

Golden State led 35-19 after the first quarter and extended a 16-point halftime lead to 25 at the end of the third quarter.

Curry had 24 points by the end of the third quarter after going 6 of 6 from 3-point range. He made consecutive 3-pointers early in the fourth to put the Warriors up by 30 and left the game as both coaches emptied their benches minutes later.

Jonathan Kuminga added 20 points off the bench.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Joel Embiid led the Sixers with 28 points and 14 rebounds.

Curry played through a right thumb sprain with tape on his right hand, and Embiid played through a left foot sprain after missing Wednesday's loss to the Kings.

Takeaways

76ers: Philadelphia had their “Big Three” of Embiid, Tyrese Maxey and Paul George on the court, but have dropped back-to-back games after winning four straight. The 76ers gave up a season high in points, allowing Curry to get going and conceding a number of open looks from beyond the arc.

Warriors: Golden State got a needed wire-to-wire win against a 76ers team with all three of its stars healthy. The Warriors, who had lost 13 of 17, showed glimpses of their crisp and efficient offense that propelled them to a 12-3 start.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
|
Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
NFL Wild Card Parlay: Our experts make the picks and prop bets to win the weekend
Feel like placing some bets on Wild Card Weekend? Check out a parlay that the FOX Sports betting analysts put together ahead of the action.
Key moment

Curry had 13 points in the third, including back-to-back deep 3s, the second of which he banked in to put the Warriors ahead 89-68 with 4:49 left in the third quarter. Curry then raised both arms to his head in mock disbelief.

Key stat

The Warriors shot 56% (22 of 39) from 3-point range and 61% from the field overall.

Up next

Both teams are in action on Saturday, with the Warriors hosting the Grizzlies and the 76ers visiting the Nets.

___

This story has been corrected to reflect that Curry had 24 points by the end of the third quarter, not by halftime.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
National Basketball Association
Paul George
Tyrese Maxey
Joel Embiid
Jonathan Kuminga
Stephen Curry
Philadelphia 76ers
Golden State Warriors
NBA - Philadelphia 76ers vs. Golden State Warriors - 01/03/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/stephen-curry-scores-30-points-makes-all-8-3point-attempts-in-warriors-139105-win-over-76ers 
 ----- 
