BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

NATIONAL

Heatwave Hits Odisha, Bengal, Jharkhand As Mercury Soars To Over 40 Deg C; Rain Alert In THESE States

The West Bengal government declared an early summer break for state-run schools starting from April 22 which was initially scheduled from May 5 due to the heatwave conditions.

O
Outlook Web Desk
Updated on: 19 April 2024 8:05 am
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
Heatwave conditions in Odisha

The India Meteorological Department on Thursday has announced that states in eastern and southern India is going to experience heatwave condition over the next few days while there is a forecast of rainfall in northern and northeastern states of the country.

Due to extreme heat conditions the West Bengal government preponed the summer break in schools by 13 days.

Heatwave Warning In Eastern And Southern India

According to IMD forecast, there will be persistent heatwave conditions in isolated areas of Odisha from April 18th to 21st, and in Jharkhand and Gangetic West Bengal from April 18th to 22nd.

Severe heatwave conditions are likely in isolated areas of Odisha on April 19th, and in Gangetic West Bengal from April 19th to 21st, 2024.

Coastal Andhra Pradesh & Yanam, Rayalaseema, Telangana, and interior Tamil Nadu can expect heatwave conditions on April 19th, 2024.

Heatwave Alert Issued For Parts Of Jharkhand From Apr 19

BY PTI

High temperatures and moisture are expected to persist in the Konkan & Goa region on April 19th, as well as in Coastal Andhra Pradesh, Yanam, Rayalaseema, and Telangana from April 20th to 22nd, 2024. Warm nighttime conditions are anticipated in Rayalaseema on April 19th, 2024.

Early Summer Break In West Bengal schools

The West Bengal government declared an early summer break for state-run schools starting from April 22 which was initially scheduled from May 5 due to the heatwave conditions.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Here’s How Much Gutter Guards Should Cost You in Iowa
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Learn More
Master Eaglesoft Dental Software with This Simple Guide
Answerpedia | Search Ads
Iowa Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
Financebuzz
Learn More
Iowa : Discover the Best Smartwatches for Health & Fitness Tracking
Smartwatches | search ads
Learn More

The government order for the preponement of the summer break said, “...summer vacation in schools...with effect from April 22 except for the schools of the hill areas of Darjeeling and Kalimpong districts, where in existing academic scheduled may continue until further order."

Weather conditions in West Bengal states

Panagarh in West Burdwan district registered the highest temperature of 42.5°C in the state earlier this week.

Daytime temperatures in places such as Dum Dum, Midnapore, Bankura, Salt Lake, Canning, Kalikunda, Burdwan, Asansol, Purulia, Jhargram, and Balurghat have exceeded 40°C.

On Wednesday, Kolkata experienced a maximum temperature of about 39.4°C, marking a 3.8°C increase from the normal temperature for the second consecutive day.

IMD stated that predominantly dry westerly to north-westerly winds at lower altitudes are expected in the area on Tuesday.

According to an IMD announcement, intense solar radiation is expected to cause heat wave conditions and hot, uncomfortable weather in the southern districts of Bengal until April 20.

IMD issued heatwave [redictions in the southern districts of Bengal including East Burdwan, West Burdwan, Jhargram, Purulia, Bankura, East Midnapore, West Midnapore, Birbhum, Murshidabad, North 24 Parganas, and South 24 Parganas in the upcoming days.

Schools In Odisha To Remain Closed From April 18-20 For Heatwave

BY PTI

Rainfall Forecast
Northern India

IMD reported that a cyclonic circulation, known as a Western Disturbance, is present over east Iran and adjoining Afghanistan in the middle and upper tropospheric levels. There is a possibility of a new Western Disturbance impacting Northwest India from April 22.

The IMD reportedly stated, “Scattered to fairly widespread light to moderate rainfall/snowfall with thunderstorm, lightning and gusty winds very likely over Jammu-Kashmir-Ladakh-Gilgit-Baltistan-Muzaffarabad, Himachal Pradesh during 19th-20th and 22nd and isolated to scattered rainfall over Uttarakhand during 19th-24th April 2024."

Indian Monsoon Expected To Be Above Normal: IMD Prediction For 2024

BY Outlook Web Desk

IMD has additionally forecasted that there is a high probability of isolated to scattered rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms, lightning, and strong winds over Punjab, Haryana-Chandigarh-Delhi from 19th to 22nd; as well as in West Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, and East Uttar Pradesh on 19th April.

“Isolated heavy rainfall/snowfall very likely over Jammu-Kashmir-Ladakh-Gilgit-BaltistanMuzaffarabad on 19th April 2024," IMD also said.

Meanwhile, the capital city, along with Haryana, Chandigarh, and Uttar Pradesh, will experience powerful surface winds on Friday.

Northeastern India

Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, and Tripura are expected to experience widespread light to moderate rainfall/snowfall with isolated thunderstorms, lightning, and gusty winds until April 22, 2024.

Sikkim will also have fairly widespread rain until April 21, according to the IMD.

Rainfall prediction in West Bengal

The IMD has predicted that there will be mild to moderate rainfall on the day of voting in the northern Bengal districts of Alipurduar, Jalpaiguri, and Cooch Behar on Friday during the first phase of the Lok Sabha elections.

Cloud Seeding Gone Wrong In Dubai? Rare Floods Bring City To Standstill As World Battles Extreme Weather

BY Danita Yadav

Southern India

For states in South India, IMD said, “From the 19th to the 22nd of April, scattered to fairly widespread light to moderate rainfall, along with isolated thunderstorms and lightning, are expected over Kerala and Mahe."

Coastal Andhra Pradesh, Yanam, Rayalaseema, and Telangana are expected to experience isolated rainfall with thunderstorms, lightning, and gusty winds. In addition, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, and Karaikal can anticipate isolated rainfall with thunderstorms and lightning on April 19th and 20th, while Coastal Karnataka will also experience this from April 19th to 20th.

The North Interior Karnataka is expected to experience rainfall from the 18th to the 21st of April 2024, whereas the South Interior Karnataka and Lakshadweep can anticipate it on the 19th and 20th of the same month.

Isolated to scattered rainfall accompanied by thunderstorms, lightning, and gusty winds is highly probable over Vidarbha and Chhattisgarh from the 19th to the 22nd of April 2024, and over Madhya Pradesh on the 20th and 21st of April 2024.

There is a possibility of isolated heavy rainfall over Kerala, Mahe, and South Interior Karnataka on Friday.

Advertisement
Tags
Delhi
West Bengal
Rajasthan
Odisha
Jharkhand
Heatwave
Rainfall
India Meteorological Department
South India
Summer Break
PREVIOUS STORY
‘Out Of Touch With Our Lived Experience’: Sanitation Workers’ Harrowing Truth Shatter Athawale’s Caste-Free Claims
NEXT STORY
Delhi LG vs Atishi Over Alleged Order To Demolish Temples And Other Places Of Worship
The Price of Gutter Protection in Council Bluffs Will Surprise You
Stop worrying about clogs and leaks in your gutters.
Smart Lifestyle Trends
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Household Item
Hair Reports
|
Sponsored
The speed of the latest browsers will astound you! Get Updates...
Fastest browser in 2025
Fastest Browsers
|
Sponsored
Search Now
Why Women Can't Resist Men Who Know This Hidden Secret...
This Unique Formulation Offers Up To 450% Better Effectiveness Com...
Cupids
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Readers discuss browser extensions which pay you cash!
Fastest browser in 2025
Fastest Browsers
|
Sponsored
Search Now
2025: Why Mature Women Can't Resist Men Who Know This Hidden Secret. (Watch...
This Unique Formulation Offers Up To 450% Better Effectiveness Compared To Regular...
Cupids
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Get subsidised hearing tests for seniors near you now
Get tested today
Hearing Tests
|
Sponsored
Search Now
Heart Surgeon Begs Americans: “Stop Doing This To Your Fruit"
Dr. Gundry has released an informati ve free video showcasing exactly...
Gundry MD
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Honda's New 2024 CRV is Outs elling The Competition Hands...
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Today Sports News
Cricket News
IND Team Schedule For 2025: Champions Trophy, ENG Tour, Asia Cup Among Big Events
IND Vs AUS: McSweeney Eyes Test Return Once Khawaja Calls It Time
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Rohit Sharma Keen To Manage Jasprit Bumrah's Workload Judiciously
IND Vs AUS: Manjrekar Throws His Weight Behind Under-fire Pant Amid Batting Criticism
ICC Test Rankings: Jasprit Bumrah Breaks Ravichandran Ashwin's Record With 907 Rating-Point
Football News
LIV Vs LFC, Boxing Day PL Preview: Match Prediction, Players To Watch - All You Need To Know
Ruben Amorim: Marcus Rashford's Absence Won't Be A Distraction For Manchester United
Carlos Corberan Becomes Valncia's New Coach After Departure Form West Brom
Wolves Vs Man United, Premier League Preview: Players To Watch, Who Will Win On Boxing Day?
KBFC 3-0 MSC, ISL 2024-25: Bhaskar Roy Blunder Gives The Tuskers All Three Points In Kochi
Tennis News
Great Britain Vs Poland Live Streaming, United Cup QF 3: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Italy Vs Czechia Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 4: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Novak Djokovic Vs Gael Monfils Live Streaming: When And Where To Watch Brisbane International 2025 On TV And Online
Brisbane International: Novak Djokovic, Nick Kyrgios Knocked Out After Tense Doubles Match-Up
Brisbane International: Djokovic, Kygrios Lose In 2nd Round
Hockey News
Hockey India League: Rupinder Pal Singh Double Gives Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Victory Over Team Gonasika
HIL 2024-25, Match 6 Live Score: Rupinder Pal Singh's Penalty Stroke Gives Bengal Tigers Victory Over Gonasika; SRBT 2-1 GSKA
Soorma Hockey Club Vs UP Rudras Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch Match 7
Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Vs Team Gonasika Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch Match 6
Delhi SG Pipers 2-2 Hyderabad Toofans Highlights, Hockey India League: HYDT Win Shootout In Sudden Death
Trending Stories
National News
UP Familicide, Bangladesh's 'March For Unity' And More | January 1 News Wrap
Day In Pics: January 01, 2025
SC To Hear AIMIM Chief Owaisi's Plea Place Of Worship Law Tomorrow
Mahakumbh 2025: Akhil Bhartiya Akhada Parishad Prez Calls For Ban On Non-Hindu Vendors Over ‘Hygiene Concerns’
‘Out Of Touch With Our Lived Experience’: Sanitation Workers’ Harrowing Truth Shatter Athawale’s Caste-Free Claims
Entertainment News
Ajith-Trisha Krishnan Starrer Vidaamuyarchi Release Date Postponed
All We Imagine As Light To The Rig 2: Top 10 OTT Releases This Week
Shyam Benegal's Manthan To Air On Doordarshan; Here's When You Can Watch The Iconic Film
Aquaman Star Jason Momoa To Play Lobo In Supergirl: Woman Of Tomorrow
Year-Ender 2024: Stree 2 To Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3, Top 10 Highest-Grossing Hindi Movies Of The Year
US News
New Orleans Crash: Car Rams Into Crowd Killing 10, FBI Discovers Suspicious Explosives On Spot; Suspect Dead
US Imposes Sanctions On Russian, Iranian Groups Over Disinformation Targeting American Voters
Ex-US President Jimmy Carter's Funeral To Impact Donald Trump's Inauguration | Here's How
US Embassy Approved Over 1 Million Visas For Indians In 2024 | Details
Judge Says Woman Accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs Of Raping Her Can Proceed Anonymously
World News
Swiss ‘Burqa Ban’: Why Face Covering Is Prohibited In Switzerland Beginning January 1
Pakistan Begins Tenure As Non-Permanent Member Of UNSC For Two Years
UP Familicide, Bangladesh's 'March For Unity' And More | January 1 News Wrap
New Orleans Crash: Car Rams Into Crowd Killing 10, FBI Discovers Suspicious Explosives On Spot; Suspect Dead
A Body In Resistance: Palestine's Defiance In The Face Of Occupation
Latest Stories
Pisces Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock The Mysteries Of Your Yearly Zodiac Reading
Aquarius Yearly Horoscope 2025: Your Complete Zodiac Guide For The Year Ahead
Capricorn Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock Key Insights For A Fulfilling Year
Horoscope For December 31, 2024: Discover Astrological Insights For Every Zodiac Sign
South Korea: Court Issues Warrant To Detain Impeached President Yoon Over Martial Law Probe
Delhi Traffic Police To Deploy 2500 Personnel, 250 Squads To Monitor Traffic On New Year’s Eve
Yemen Prez Says Yes To Kerala Nurse's Death Sentence; MEA Says 'Extending All Possible Help'
Vijay Hazare Trophy 2024-25 Highlights Round 5: Mumbai, Punjab Post 400 Plus; Vidarbha Beat TN
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/national/heatwave-warning-imd-west-bengal-school-break-odisha-jharkhand-rainfall-forecast-rajasthan-punjab-up 
 ----- 
