David Peterson deals seven shutout innings, Mets beat Brewers, 5-0
NY stays alive in wild-card race, head to Atlanta for doubleheader Monday
9/29/2024, 10:00 PM

John Harper

MLB Freelance Writer/On-air Talent
0 seconds of 2 minutes, 16 secondsVolume 0%
 

The Mets rode the strong pitching of David Peterson and a big game by Francisco Lindor to defeat the Brewers 5-0 in Milwaukee on Sunday to break their three-game losing streak and move within one win of clinching a wild card spot.

After the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres on Sunday, the Mets will now need to win one of the two games in Monday’s doubleheader in Atlanta to ensure they’re in the postseason.

Here are the takeaways...

- Peterson came up big for the Mets, throwing seven shutout innings against the Brewers in what was easily the biggest start of his career.

The left-hander allowed only one hit, a first-inning infield single by Jackson Chourio, in addition to three walks, while racking up eight strikeouts as he lowered his ERA for the season to 2.90.

The gem also capped an excellent season that was delayed as he recovered from off-season hip surgery. In 17 of his 21 starts, Peterson allowed two or fewer runs. His has the fifth-lowest ERA among all major league pitchers, though he didn’t throw enough innings to qualify for official stats.

- Lindor led the way offensively for the Mets with a big day at the plate and on the bases. He went 2-for-4 with an RBI single and a solo home run, and stole two bases in two attempts.

Lindor set an aggressive tone for the day when he walked leading off the game and stole second on the first pitch to the next hitter, Jose Iglesias. His two steals gave him 29 for the season, giving him the possibility of a second straight 30-30 year if he steals a base on Monday in Atlanta.

Lindor also returned to shortstop, after DHing on Saturday, and looked more comfortable making plays than he did Friday, when he bounced a couple of throws to first on fairly routine ground balls. His play at short and the stolen bases were an indication that his back injury isn’t limiting as much now.

- The Mets looked much better with the bats than the previous three games. They got 11 hits, limited the strikeouts to five, and went 3-for-10 with runners in scoring position.

Lindor, Brandon Nimmo, and Francisco Alvarez all delivered RBI singles, with Nimmo giving the Mets a first-inning lead by driving home Lindor from second with a line single to center off Brewers’ starter Colin Rea.

- J.D. Martinez finally broke his long slump, leading off the fourth inning with a hard ground ball that bounced high off the third base bag and down the left field for a double. The hit broke an 0-for-35 streak that was within two of Rey Ordonez’s club record 0-for-37 hitless streak.

Martinez went on to score the first run of the game as the Mets scored three in the inning to take a 3-0 lead. The designated hitter hit the ball hard in three of his at-bats, and got a ninth-inning single to finish with a 2-for-5 day.

- Even with a 5-0 lead, Edwin Diaz was used to close out the win for the Mets, working a scoreless ninth inning that included three strikeouts and a walk as he threw 26 pitches.

The Mets have the doubleheader in Atlanta on Monday and possibly a wild card series starting Tuesday, but Diaz had not pitched in a week and has made it known he prefers to work more than less.

Highlights

Francisco Lindor got up slowly after scoring a first-inning run pic.twitter.com/CVSgdqKwKK

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

Mark Vientos makes the stop, Pete Alonso makes the pick and the Mets retire Brice Turang! 🔥 pic.twitter.com/XhJuiB995N

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

J.D. Martinez breaks his 0-fer with a leadoff double! pic.twitter.com/zcEj77pdvq

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

Francisco Alvarez gives the Mets a 2-0 lead! pic.twitter.com/dO8XBH3Txu

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

FRANCISCO LINDOR MAKES IT 3-0! pic.twitter.com/9Y8y2BZEvd

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

David Peterson starts the double play and he's through five shutout innings! pic.twitter.com/FFVwvfL90t

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

LINDOR WITH A SWING AND A DRIVE!

Francisco Lindor hits his 32nd home run of the year! 🔥 pic.twitter.com/BdEMnXZFwO

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024

7 SHUTOUT INNINGS FOR DAVID PETERSON! pic.twitter.com/YxDWcx8GOG

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 29, 2024
Who was the MVP? David Peterson

After Luis Severino and Sean Manaea failed to deliver dominant starts in this final crucial week, Peterson held up his end of the Big Three by throwing his one-hitter over seven innings. After pitching with dominance for a couple of months, Peterson had two clunkers in his previous three starts coming into this one, but was in complete command on Sunday.

What's next

The Mets are scheduled to go to Atlanta to face the Braves in a doubleheader on Monday, the first game is set for 1:10 p.m. on SNY.

Luis Severino and Tylor Megill are "in play" to start the games, manager Carlos Mendoza said earlier on Sunday.

SHARE
TAGS
#

David Peterson

Mets

#

John Harper

#

Francisco Lindor

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/mets-brewers-9-29-2024-david-peterson-francisco-lindor 
 ----- 
