Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies

Cookies are used for the purpose of performing advertising and marketing activities on our sites.




These cookies work by identifying the browsers and devices of the user.




If you allow these cookies, we can provide you with personalized ads and a better advertising experience on our pages. While doing this, we would like to remind you that our aim is to provide you with a better advertising experience and that we make our best efforts to provide you with the best content and that advertising is our only income item to cover our costs.




In any case, if users do not enable these cookies, they will not receive targeted ads.




In order to provide you with a better service, our website uses cookies belonging to us and third parties. Various personal data of yours are processed through these cookies, and necessary cookies are used for the purpose of providing information society services. Other cookies will be used for limited purposes, subject to your explicit consent, to make our website more functional and personal as well as for advertising/marketing activities for you. You can set your cookie preferences through the panel below. To learn more about cookies, you can click on the Settings button and read our Cookie Information Text.

Consent Selection
Mandatory/Technical Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance/Analytical Cookies
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
MOTORSPORTS
TENNIS
Turkish Crescent-Stars suffer humiliating 6-1 loss in Austria friendly
Turkish national team players look dejected after losing to Austria at the Ernst Happel Stadium, Vienna, Austria, March 26, 2024. (AA Photo)
BY DAILY SABAH WITH AA MAR 27, 2024 11:21 AM

The Turkish national football team was subjected to one of its heaviest defeats in history, losing 6-1 to Austria in an away friendly match on Tuesday.

The Crescent-Stars trailed 2-1 at halftime before conceding four more goals in the second half, two of which were penalties.

This defeat comes just four days after Türkiye lost 1-0 to Hungary away, marking their second consecutive loss in preparation for the 2024 European Football Championship (Euros).

The 6-1 loss to Austria is the 15th time in their 101-year history that Türkiye have conceded five or more goals in a match out of the 624 games they have played.

Under the management of Vincenzo Montella, Türkiye had not suffered a defeat in their first four matches.

However, they have now lost their last two matches, first to Hungary and now to Austria.

In their last two matches, Türkiye have conceded a total of seven goals, with their only goal coming from a penalty scored by Hakan Çalhanoğlu.

This is only the third time in their history that Türkiye has lost a match by a 6-1 scoreline.

The first was in a friendly match against Poland in Istanbul on Sept. 12, 1926, and the second was in the 2022 FIFA World Cup European Qualifiers against the Netherlands on Sept. 7, 2021.

The defeat against the Netherlands under coach Şenol Güneş was Türkiye's most significant loss in 31 years.

Their previous biggest defeat was a 5-0 loss to the Republic of Ireland in Dublin in a European Championship qualifying match on Oct. 17, 1990.

The Crescent-Stars have suffered their heaviest defeats twice, losing 8-0 to England on two occasions and once to Poland.

SHORTLINK COPIED
KEYWORDS
CRESCENT STARS
VINCENZO MONTELLA
EURO 2024
FOOTBALL
AUSTRIA
WORLD CUP
Ahlat Seljuk Cemetery: A site like no other in eastern Turkey
PHOTOGALLERY
POLITICS
TÜRKİYE
WORLD
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
ARTS
SPORTS
OPINION
PHOTO GALLERY
DS TV
   
JOBS
PRIVACY
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RSS
© Turkuvaz Haberleşme ve Yayıncılık 2021
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailysabah.com/sports/football/turkish-crescent-stars-suffer-humiliating-6-1-loss-in-austria-friendly 
 ----- 
