Responsible use of your data
We and our 914 partners process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.

If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the details section.

We use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes essential, functionality, performance and advertising purposes.
Show details
Use necessary cookies only
Allow all cookies
Skip to main content
Log in

Turn static files into dynamic content formats.

Create a flipbook
March 2024 Issue • Northern Connection Magazine
Published on Feb 29, 2024
Northern Connection Magazine
Follow
this publisher

Welcome to the March Issue of Northern Connection Magazine! Dive into the pages of our latest edition as we unveil stories of resilience, community strength, and a celebration of history that echoes through the corridors of health care excellence. Gracing our cover is the illustrious Passavant Hospital Foundation, proudly commemorating a remarkable 175-year legacy. The feature article, aptly titled "Building off of a rich history: UPMC Passavant looks to a bright future," takes you on a journey through time, exploring the foundation's profound impact on the community. Also featured in this issue is our 2024 Summer Camp Guide; Health & Wellness, and spring events. Enjoy reading the March issue and together we continue to make our community an outstanding place to live and work.

See more
More from
Northern Connection Magazine
Pittsburgh 55+ Magazine • Winter 2025 issue


December 10, 2024
December 2024 issue • Northern Connection Magazine


December 2, 2024
November 2024 issue • Northern Connection Magazine


November 1, 2024
Westmoreland 55+ Magazine • Nov/Dec 2024 Issue


October 17, 2024
October 2024 Issue • Northern Connection Magazine


September 27, 2024
Pittsburgh 55+ Magazine • Fall 2024 issue


September 17, 2024
September 2024 issue • Northern Connection Magazine


August 30, 2024
August 2024 • Northern Connection Magazine


July 31, 2024
Issuu converts static files into: digital portfolios, online yearbooks, online catalogs, digital photo albums and more. Sign up and create your flipbook.
Issuu Inc.

Create once,
share everywhere.

Issuu turns PDFs and other files into interactive flipbooks and engaging content for every channel.

English
English
Deutsch
Company
About us
Careers
Plans & Pricing
Press
Blog
Contact
Issuu Platform
Content Types
Features
Flipbook
Industries
Resources
Developers
Publisher Directory
Redeem Code
TermsPrivacyDMCAAccessibilityCookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://issuu.com/northernconnectionmag/docs/mar24_northern_connection 
 ----- 
