Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Steve Kerr Makes Blunt Statement on Warriors Starting Lineup
The Golden State Warriors' starting lineup struggled against the LA Clippers
Farbod Esnaashari | Oct 6, 2024
Golden State Warriors forward Jonathan Kuminga (00) shoots the ball against the Los Angeles Clippers during the third period at SimpliFi Arena at Stan Sheriff Center. Mandatory Credit: Steven Erler-Imagn Images / Steven Erler-Imagn Images
In this story:
Golden State Warriors

The Golden State Warriors may have defeated the LA Clippers in a thrilling finish on Saturday, but the team is still very much a work in progress. No one knows that better than Warriors head coach Steve Kerr.

After the game, Steve Kerr was asked about the performance of his starting lineup that consisted of Steph Curry, De'Anthony Melton, Jonathan Kuminga, Draymond Green, and Trayce Jackson-Davis. The lineup didn't perform all to well, and Kerr was very aware after the game.

"Not great," Kerr said about his starting lineup. "Not great, but it's preseason for everybody, so we didn't have really good rhythm coming out, slow start. Still good to get those five guys on the floor and see what that looked like."

“Not great. Not great, but it’s preseason for everybody so we don’t have really good rhythm coming out, slow start but still good to get those 5 guys on the floor & see what that looked like.”

Steve Kerr on the Curry, Melton, Kuminga, Draymond, TJD starting lineup. pic.twitter.com/br5xB4uTTn

— KNBR (@KNBR) October 6, 2024

While the Warriors starting lineup was still mostly a positive in the +/-, no one quite performed well. Kuminga had 7 points and 7 assissts on 38% shooting, Draymond had 2 points, 1 rebound, and 1 assist on 33% shooting, Trayce Jackson-Davis had 4 points and 6 rebounds on 67% shooting, De'Anthony Melton had 8 points and 2 rebounds on 43% shooting, and Steph Curry had 9 points and 2 assists on 25% shooting.

To put it into perspective, James Harden had more assists (8) than the entire Warriors starting lineup (7). James Harden and Ivica Zubac alone nearly outscored the whole Warriors starting lineup at 27 to 30 points.

Steve Kerr admitted that the Golden State Warriors have not solidified their starting lineup in any way. There is still room for players like Brandin Podziemski and Andrew Wiggins to start. While Warriors fans may want to react early to the first game of the preseason, there's no reason to do so.

Related Articles

Draymond Green's Reaction to Steph Curry's Incredible Shot in USA-France Goes Viral

Boston Celtics Legend Slams Steve Kerr for Controversial Jayson Tatum Decision

Caitlin Clark's Two-Word Reaction to Steph Curry's Performance in USA-France

Published Oct 6, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN

Follow @Farbod_E

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/warriors/news/steve-kerr-makes-blunt-statement-on-warriors-starting-lineup-01j9j2s3v4gx 
 ----- 
