MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Giants hit 5 homers, continue run against playoff contenders with 11-0 win over Diamondbacks
Updated Sep. 25, 2024 12:55 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PHOENIX (AP) — Michael Conforto and Brett Wisely each hit three-run homers in San Francisco’s six-run third inning, and the Giants won their fifth straight against playoff contenders by crushing the Arizona Diamondbacks 11-0 on Tuesday night.

The Giants have nearly perfected the role of spoiler recently, going 7-1 against Baltimore, Kansas City and Arizona. San Francisco stretched its season-high winning streak by bashing five homers against the Diamondbacks, including three off Brandon Pfaadt (10-10) in the first three innings.

“Things happen like this and it gets contagious,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “You start playing well and you just feel like you've got a chance to win.”

Patrick Bailey hit a solo homer in the second inning, Conforto launched his 20th in the third and Wisely followed with his three-run homer to put the Giants up 7-0.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Tyler Fitzgerald hit a two-run homer and Heliot Ramos added a solo shot among his four hits. Logan Webb (13-10) allowed four hits in six scoreless innings.

“We're having fun and that's a good thing to watch from the dugout,” said Webb, the first Giants pitcher with consecutive 200-inning seasons since Jeff Samardzija in 2016-17. “We're making plays, we're pitching well and that's building chemistry.”

The Diamondbacks are laboring at the wrong time.

Arizona blew an 8-0 lead in a loss to Milwaukee, opened this series with a 6-3 loss and had six hits Tuesday night. The Diamondbacks' lead over Atlanta, a 5-1 winner over the New York Mets, dropped to a half-game for the final NL playoff spot with four games remaining.

“Usually I try to filter things and come up with something that's positive, but I don't think there was much positive that came from this game today,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “We've got to play better baseball.”

Get your new powerful iPhone with our best deals.
Save big on Apple iPhone.
Verizon Wireless
|
Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Avg IQ is 100. Find our your score in less than 10 minutes! Taken by over 1M users so far. 76,162 users tested today.
Free IQ Test
|
Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!

Pfaadt bounced back from an ugly start — eight runs in 1 2/3 innings — by striking out 12 in a win over Milwaukee his last start.

The right-hander followed with another shaky outing.

Pfaadt gave up Bailey's eighth homer of the season in the second inning and got some help later in the inning from right fielder Corbin Carroll, who reached over the wall to steal a three-run homer from Mike Yastrzemski.

No one had a chance on Conforto's shot in the third, a three-run blast off the overhang in left-center. Wisely followed a fielding error by Arizona shortstop Geraldo Perdomo with his three-run shot off Blake Walston.

Pfaadt allowed five runs — four earned — on six hits in 2 2/3 innings.

“I felt great physically, felt like we made some good pitches early,” Pfaadt said. “We just left some fastballs in the middle and paid the price for it.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Diamondbacks: C Gabriel Moreno went 0 for 3 after missing Monday's game with an oblique strain. ... RHP Ryne Nelson is expected to come off the injured list soon after missing two weeks with shoulder inflammation.

UP NEXT

Giants RHP Mason Black (1-4, 5.88 ERA) faces Diamondbacks RHP Zac Gallen (13-6, 3.74) in the series finale on Wednesday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
San Francisco Giants
Arizona Diamondbacks
Logan Webb
Michael Conforto
San Francisco Giants
Arizona Diamondbacks
MLB - San Francisco Giants vs. Arizona Diamondbacks - 09/25/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/giants-hit-5-homers-continue-run-against-playoff-contenders-with-110-win-over-diamondbacks 
 ----- 
