Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
TikTok ban
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Gallen strikes out 11, Diamondbacks end 3-game slide with 8-2 win over Giants
1 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Zac Gallen throws against the San Francisco Giants during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

2 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith looks up as he rounds the bases after hitting a three-run home run against the San Francisco Giants during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

3 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith, center, celebrates his three-run home run against the San Francisco Giants with Corbin Carroll (7) and Geraldo Perdomo (2) during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Read More
4 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Eugenio Suárez, right, starts his slide into home plate to score a run ahead of a tag by San Francisco Giants catcher Patrick Bailey during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Read More
5 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Eugenio Suárez scores a run against the San Francisco Giants during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

6 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Mason Black throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

7 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Gabriel Moreno, left, celebrates his run-scoring single against the San Francisco Giants as Diamondbacks first base coach Dave McKay (39) looks on during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Read More
8 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald connects for a run-scoring double against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

9 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Matt Chapman tosses his bat after striking out against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

10 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Mason Black walks off the field after being replaced during the third inning of a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

BY  JOHN MARSHALL
Updated 9:38 PM UTC, September 26, 2024
Share

PHOENIX (AP) — Zac Gallen struck out 11 in six innings, pinch hitter Pavin Smith hit a three-run homer and the Arizona Diamondbacks ended a three-game losing streak with an 8-2 win over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night.

Arizona needed a rebound after a losing streak that included a blown eight-run lead in a loss to Milwaukee and Tuesday’s lackluster 11-0 loss to the Giants.

The Diamondbacks responded behind a strong performance from their ace and are .001 behind the New York Mets for the second of three National League wild cards, a game ahead of Atlanta. The Braves and Mets had to postpone the final two games of their series until a Monday doubleheader due to Hurricane Helene.

“These matter big-time, I think we had to prove to ourselves to get back on track,” Diamondbacks first baseman Christian Walker said. “We had to find a little confidence, a little swagger.”

Gallen gave it to them.

The right-hander gave up a run-scoring double to Tyler Fitzgerald in the second inning, but shut the Giants down after that. Gallen (14-6) retired 12 straight starting in the second inning and struck out the side in the fifth.

RELATED STORIES
Corbin Burnes and Arizona Diamondbacks agree to $210 million, 6-year deal, AP source says
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Corbin Burnes and D-backs finalize $210 million, 6-year deal that's the richest in team history

“That’s probably the best I’ve felt in a while,” said Gallen, who allowed a run on two hits with two walks to win his fifth straight decision. “Everything seemed to work, for the most part, and executed a good game plan.”

Arizona’s offense also came back to life after Tuesday’s letdown, chasing Giants starter Mason Black (1-5) by the third inning. Gabriel Moreno had two RBIs and Smith put the game out of reach in the eighth by splashing a homer into the pool in right-center.

The Giants didn’t put up much of a fight a night after blowing the Diamondbacks out, striking out 17 times to end a 7-1 run against playoff contenders.

“We’ve got to put it in play a little bit more,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said.

Black earned first big league victory by tossing 5 2/3 scoreless innings against Kansas City last Friday.

He wasn’t nearly as sharp against the Diamondbacks.

Fighting control issues, Black gave up run-scoring singles by Lourdes Gurriel Jr. and Moreno in the second inning, before Corbin Carroll added a sacrifice fly. Black walked three in the third inning, including Moreno with the bases loaded, to put Arizona up 4-1.

Black allowed four runs on five hits with five walks in 2 2/3 innings.

“Walks always kill,” Black said. “Mechanically, I just felt out of synch out there.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Diamondbacks: RHP Paul Sewald threw a short bullpen session as he works his way back from a neck/shoulder issue.

UP NEXT

Giants: San Francisco has not named a starter for Friday’s opener of a three-game series against St. Louis.

Diamondbacks: Arizona has yet to name a starter for the opener of a three-game series against San Diego on Friday.

___

This story has been updated to correct the name Arizona pinch hitter to Pavin Smith, instead of Gavin.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearly $778K to delivery service DHL
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
A new book alleges that someo ne at Fox News gave Trump's team an early look at town hall questions
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitor ing: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply Sign Up For A Free...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Game shows what the world without US military interventions...
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
How Much Does Renti ng a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Pric...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows North Charleston [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Round After Round
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states? Game simulates...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments:Advertisement
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/giants-diamondbacks-score-9a1a4c91ffbdc005f844f4ec7c57252c 
 ----- 
