Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Votto's latest adventure takes him to Bikini Bottom
Share
Votto's latest adventure takes him to Bikini Bottom
September 22nd, 2023

Mark Sheldon

@m_sheldon
Share

CINCINNATI -- Are you ready kids? Reds first baseman Joey Votto is taking his talents to Bikini Bottom.

The Children's Theatre of Cincinnati announced that Votto is lending his voice to their upcoming production of "The SpongeBob Musical: Youth Edition." He will be heard as "The French Narrator" during the show -- marking the first time a Reds player has taken part in a Children's Theatre production in the city.

“I was asked to do it. I don’t know if it went well or not," Votto said. "I speak French, so I can fake it. They said it went well, which is really all that matters.”

Votto's lines were already pre-recorded for the show, which is scheduled to run at the Taft Theatre from Oct. 14-23. As the "French Narrator," he will be introducing the audience to the world that is Bikini Bottom.

“I don’t imagine they’ll recognize my voice, because I sounded so on point. I could not have sounded more like a French narrator," Votto joked.

Votto, 40, has been in the big leagues for the Reds since 2007 and is a six-time All-Star and was the 2010 National League Most Valuable Player. He has repeatedly connected with the community via charitable efforts, Cincinnati Children's Hospital visits and often leaves game-used memorabilia around town for fans to find via clues he provides on social media.

"The SpongeBob Musical: Youth Edition" is a 60-minute live adaptation of the iconic animated Nickelodeon series, "SpongeBob SquarePants." The story involves a volcano that threatens Bikini Bottom, with SpongeBob and the gang demonstrating that the power of optimism really can save the world.

“I hope the kids have a good time," Votto said. "I was happy to lend my voice.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Joey Votto
Cincinnati Reds

Senior Reporter Mark Sheldon has covered the Reds for MLB.com since 2006, and previously covered the Twins from 2001-05.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/joey-votto-lends-voice-to-spongebob-musical 
 ----- 
