BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Sport Africa
ADVERTISEMENT
Tunisia continue perfect start in World Cup qualifying
IMAGE SOURCE,
EPA
Image caption,

Mohamed Ali Ben Romdhane (left) joined Hungarian club Ferencvaros from Tunisian giants Esperance in July last year

Published
5 June 2024

Tunisia sealed a late 1-0 win over Equatorial Guinea as qualifying for the 2026 Fifa World Cup resumed across Africa.

A penalty from Mohamed Ali Ben Romdhane in Rades made it three wins from three for the Carthage Eagles as they went two points clear at the top of Group H.

Elsewhere on Wednesday, Namibia were held by Liberia, former England Under-21 international Curtis Davies was on target as Sierra Leone beat Djibouti, South Sudan drew in Togo and Central African Republic were winners over Chad.

Africa has a guaranteed nine qualifiers for the 2026 finals in Canada, Mexico and the United States, with all group winners booking a spot at the tournament.

Tunisia took on an Equatorial Guinea side who played for the first time since being stripped of the points from their opening two wins last November for fielding Emilio Nsue.

The striker was deemed to have been ineligible for "several" international matches by Fifa, who awarded opponents Namibia and Liberia 3-0 victories.

The sanction is subject to appeal from the Central African nation.

African World Cup qualifying tables

How does African World Cup qualifying work?

Published
14 November 2023

Equatorial Guinea had little creativity up front, with their talisman Nsue - the top scorer at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations earlier this year - a big miss in their bid to claw back ground in the qualification race.

Tunisia also found chances hard to come but, with the home crowd getting increasingly frustrated, were handed a golden chance when Jannick Buyla was adjudged to have dragged down Hamza Mathlouthi in the box.

It was left to Ben Romdhane to convert the penalty in the 82nd minute and continue a perfect start for the North Africans.

Namibia, who started the third round joint-top of the group after benefitting from Equatorial Guinea's points deduction, failed to pull away after being held to a 1-1 draw by Liberia earlier in the day.

Tjipe Karuuombe put Namibia ahead with a smart flicked finish off the outside of his left boot but Terry Sackor steered in an equaliser with 25 minutes remaining after Brave Warriors goalkeeper Lloyd Kazapua failed to deal with a cross.

Namibia, who were denied what looked like a clear-cut penalty when Deon Hotto was brought down by Sebastian Teclar, almost netted a winner late on as Liberia defender Sampson Dweh headed against his own bar and Erastus Kulula then had an effort tipped over on the follow-up.

The match was held at the Orlando Stadium in South Africa because Namibia's home stadia are not of international standard.

Davies rolls back the years
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Former Premier League defender Curtis Davies now plays for Cheltenham Town in the fourth tier of English football

Meanwhile, former Premier League regular Curtis Davies scored his first international goal as Sierra Leone beat Djibouti 2-1 to secure their first win of Group A.

The 39-year-old, whose CV includes spells with Aston Villa, Birmingham City, Hull City and West Bromwich Albion, only made his debut for the Leone Stars in October.

It took just 12 minutes for the centre-back to give the Leone Stars an early lead in a 'home' match played in Morocco.

Gabriel Dadzie equalised for Djibouti from the penalty spot 10 minutes before the break, but a second half goal from Augustus Kargbo sealed the win for Sierra Leone, who now have four points from three matches.

Togo, who are looking to secure a second appearance at a World Cup after their 2006 qualification, were held at home by South Sudan in a 1-1 draw in Lome in Group B.

Khaled Narey's opener for the hosts was cancelled out by an own goal from Roger Aholou.

Togo are fourth in Group B on three points - a point behind the joint leaders Senegal and Sudan who both play on Thursday.

Central African Republic enjoyed a 1-0 victory over Chad to maintain their challenge in Group I.

Venuste Baboula's first half goal gave CAR a vital win in another match played in neutral Morocco.

The qualifiers continue on Thursday with 10 fixtures with Mali against Ghana one of the standout games in Group I as Otto Addo returns as Black Stars coach.

Wednesday's African 2026 World Cup qualifying results

Sierra Leone 2-1 Djibouti (Group A)

Togo 1-1 South Sudan (Group B)

Central African Republic 1-0 Chad (Group I)

Namibia 1-1 Liberia (Group H)

Tunisia 1-0 Equatorial Guinea (Group H)

Related topics
Tunisia
Africa Sport
Football
Top stories
LIVE
. 

Premier League: Man City 2-0 up at Leicester, Forest heading second, Spurs & Fulham winning

Rabada sends SA into Test final with thrilling win

Published
4 hours ago

Australia rally after Bumrah genius on riveting day

Published
9 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

The greatest artworks were born of war and bloodshed

Drama documentary of artists Michelangelo, Leonardo and Raphael competing to craft beauty from chaos

A houseparty mixtape for Kiell Smith-Bynoe!

Providing the perfect selections to take the party from the start right till the end

How many more ghosts are in residence?

Sam and Jay have plenty of mysteries to unravel regarding their ghoulish housemates

Dissecting funny and fascinating medicine

Comedian Kiri Pritchard-McLean and guests celebrate medicine’s past, present and future

Elsewhere in Sport

'Brilliant' Bumrah removes Head & Marsh in same over. Video
'Brilliant' Bumrah removes Head & Marsh in same over

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays. Video
Awesome passes & stunning catches - NFL best plays

Wins, drama and race debuts - take the 2024 F1 quiz

Best shots of Lyon & Boland's key last-wicket stand. Video
Best shots of Lyon & Boland's key last-wicket stand

Where are all the English managers?

'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt. Video
'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich. Video
'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Slam success & ranking rises - how British tennis thrived in 2024

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

How Salah's stats rank among Premier League greats

How heavyweight division is shaping up - and fights we want to see

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c5112nddzzjo 
 ----- 
