Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Guards gush about 'leader of men' Vogt after thrilling walk-off clincher
Share
Guards gush about 'leader of men' Vogt after thrilling walk-off clincher
September 20th, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- It was March 28, Opening Day, when Austin Hedges, Shane Bieber and Tyler Beede huddled up to determine that manager Stephen Vogt should be awarded the Guardians’ WWE Championship belt for his first managerial win.

This was the start of a tradition for the year: After every victory, the player who had the best performance that day would be awarded with the belt by Hedges and his selected judging panel. It was a player award, and Vogt wanted to keep it that way. He wanted to set the precedent. He politely declined the belt and it wound up in David Fry’s locker.

The entire team knew it belonged to Vogt, but they didn’t force the issue. It was almost as if they knew it was inevitable the belt would find its way to him.

And it did on Thursday. After yet another Guardians-style win on a walk-off single by Andrés Giménez in extra innings to take down the Twins, 3-2, Cleveland clinched its spot in the postseason. But the Guardians' work isn’t done just yet. Next is clinching the division title, which can be done as early as Saturday in St. Louis.

Postseason FAQ: What's next for Guardians?

“Right on that first road trip, we saw something special and that this team might be able to get it done,” Vogt said. “And now we're in, and we have an opportunity.”

The dugout emptied, as Giménez did the viral “Griddy” dance into the outfield. Vogt turned to his bench coach, Craig Albernaz, and hugged him. Hedges was first to break away from the dog pile on Giménez and mosied toward the dugout as Vogt emerged onto the field. Hedges jumped into his manager’s arms.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Vogt wins AL Manager of Year in record speed

November 20th, 2024

Vogt, Quatraro's managerial bond goes back to A ball

June 5th, 2024

Here's what happened when Vogt stepped in vs. McKenzie

March 19th, 2024

“He's one of the most special humans I've ever met,” Hedges said. “Not just as a manager, as a man. That guy, he is a leader of men.”

Vogt sat back and watched his team celebrate. They tore open cardboard boxes of October-related apparel and chucked T-shirts into the stands before donning their own. José Ramírez stole mascot Slider’s Guardians flag and ran with it down the third-base line. Vogt was soaking in the moment, so much so that when the whole team got together for a photo, he almost forgot to get in. They yelled for him. He hustled in and sat on the ground as Hedges wrapped his arm around Vogt’s neck and cheesed ear-to-ear.

Complete coverage: Guardians’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“We had one of the greatest managers in the history of baseball for a long time, and I loved Terry Francona with all my heart,” Hedges said, “but I mean, this is probably the best year of managing I've ever seen in my life.”

Vogt entered Spring Training hoping to get everyone to buy into a basic mantra of winning the day, every day. Sure, the team made some changes to its offensive approach to add more impact this year. But the day-to-day goals were simple.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

He used his experience as a bullpen coach in Seattle last year to help him learn to manage Cleveland’s bullpen to a Major League-best ERA. He’s shifted players to new positions and hasn’t been afraid to pinch-hit in nearly every game he’s managed. He’s aggressive and he wants his team to follow his lead. But mostly, he just wants to win. And even as the outside world doubted this team, they knew what they could do.

There were reasons to doubt. It’s been 45 years since a manager led his team to a postseason appearance within two seasons of his playing career, having never been a player/manager. According to MLB.com’s Sarah Langs and the Elias Sports Bureau, only five others have done it, including Jim Fregosi (1979), Yogi Berra (1964), Al Dark (1962) and Pat Moran (1915).

And now, Vogt’s name is added to that list. The offense has improved. The bullpen is elite. The rotation has found ways to grind through a challenging year. But the group is always quick to credit Vogt for leading them to this level of success.

They gathered around him in the home clubhouse after the win with big bins of champagne bottles in front of them. He gave a quick speech and everyone uncorked their bottles and sprayed each other in delight.

Hedges then asked for the music to be cut for just a moment. He held the championship belt high above his head and gave his manager a grand introduction before presenting it to him.

“I think it belongs to one person in this room,” Hedges screamed. “”The new heavyweight champion of the world: Stephen Vogt!”

The clubhouse erupted in roars and champagne went flying.

“That was so cool,” Vogt said with a smile. I'm thankful.”

This time, Vogt accepted the belt.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
Stephen Vogt

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

40 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/guardians-clinch-2024-postseason-berth-with-walk-off-win-vs-twins 
 ----- 
