  News Weather Watch Sports
 30°
Rochester, MN
Rays top Twins 5-4 on Arozarena’s 9th-inning homer to head into weekend series vs. Orioles
By The Associated Press
September 14, 2023 - 11:46 AM
Tampa Bay Rays' Randy Arozarena celebrates while rounding the bases after hitting a solo home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday, Sept. 13, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Randy Arozarena’s bat has been relatively quiet for Tampa Bay since the All-Star break, and September has been a particularly slow month at the plate for the All-Star left fielder and 2021 American League Rookie of the Year.

He rose to the occasion in Minnesota on Wednesday. That ball he hit kept soaring, too.

Arozarena’s tiebreaking home run with two outs in the ninth inning helped the Rays recover from a blown four-run lead to beat the Twins 5-4 heading into a weekend showdown with AL East leader Baltimore.

“He rises up in big games and big moments. He’s done it since he’s been a Tampa Bay Ray,” manager Kevin Cash said. “Hopefully that provides him a little bit of a jolt and it continues now the rest of the way.”

The Rays (90-57), who trail the Orioles by two games in the division race, reached 90 wins for the ninth time in their last 15 full seasons. Tampa Bay starts a four-game series on Thursday at Baltimore, which lost to St. Louis on Wednesday. The Orioles are 6-3 against the Rays this year.

“I’m always ready. It brings up the focus level a little bit more, especially to help out my teammates as much as I can,” Arozarena said through an interpreter. “We know we’ve got some big games coming up.”

Arozarena sent a 448-foot drive — the longest of his 70 career homers — into the third deck above left field on a 3-2 slider from Griffin Jax. Arozarena has given the Rays a lead with 10 of his 21 homers.

“It raises the confidence a little bit. I thought I lost it there for a little while,” said Arozarena, who was 9 for 44 with two extra-base hits in September before the homer.

Kevin Kelly (5-2) pitched two perfect innings in relief for the victory. Jax (6-10) was one pitch away from a perfect inning himself. He leads the staff in losses.

The AL Central-leading Twins (76-70) maintained their 7½-game advantage on Cleveland, which lost at San Francisco to cut Minnesota’s magic number to nine for clinching the division.

“I don’t want them to think the finish line is in sight. What I want us to do is win tomorrow, and that’s the goal,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “When you start looking toward the end of the season? We’ve all been guilty of it at different points, but the good teams and the good players find a way to not do it.”

Yandy Díaz, who was forced out of Tuesday’s game with a bruised testicle, hit a two-run double in the second inning that Curtis Mead started with a triple. Mead added an RBI double in the third for a 4-0 lead against Dallas Keuchel.

Rays starter Taj Bradley gave up consecutive home runs to Matt Wallner and Kyle Farmer in the bottom half. Then Max Kepler hit a two-run triple with two outs in the fifth to tie the game.

Colin Poche walked pinch-hitter Jordan Luplow with one out in the ninth and pinch-runner Andrew Stevenson stole second base, but Robert Stephenson recorded his first save by striking out pinch hitter Christian Vázquez to end the game.

UP NEXT

Rays: RHP Aaron Civale (7-3, 2.96 ERA) pitches on Thursday to open the series in Baltimore. RHP Kyle Bradish (11-6, 3.03 ERA) takes the mound for the Orioles.

Twins: RHP Kenta Maeda (4-7, 4.65 ERA) starts on Thursday to begin a four-game series at Chicago. RHP José Ureña (0-5, 8.46 ERA) pitches for the White Sox.

Message
Messenger
Facebook
Reddit
WhatsApp
Copy Link
Email
X
Share
For Related Stories:
 
Baseball
  
Minnesota Twins
  
MLB
Recommended for You:
Police respond to three-vehicle crash in Rochester
Lake Crystal woman's death ruled homicide, suspect in ICU after 'self-inflicted gunshot wound'
Spectrum outage caused by vandalism; repairs estimated to take until 2 p.m.
Woman critically hurt after crash near Stewartville, alcohol suspected
AROUND THE WEB
Sponsored
The Best Trick for Treating ED (See How)
Tupi Tea
4 Warning Signs of Tinnitus (#3 is Scary)
Hearing Health Now
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
News
Election
Video
Programming
Weather
Sports
Features
Community
Sponsored
Work With US
Contact Us
FCC Applications
Contest Rules
Public Files
KAAL DMCA Notice
Terms of Use
Children’s Programming Report
FCC Public Inspection File
Hubbard Television Group Privacy Policy

Any person with disabilities who needs help accessing the FCC Public file should email news@kaaltv.com or call (507) 288-7555

This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.
© 2025 KAAL-TV, LLC
A Hubbard Broadcasting Company

Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Snapchat
X
YouTube
 
 

Update Privacy Preferences
A RAPTIVE PARTNER SITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kaaltv.com/sports/rays-top-twins-5-4-on-arozarenas-9th-inning-homer-to-head-into-weekend-series-vs-orioles/ 
 ----- 
