Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Scherzer will miss at least rest of regular season; playoffs unlikely
Share
Scherzer will miss at least rest of regular season; playoffs unlikely
September 14th, 2023

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share

0:00

1:05

TORONTO -- Rangers ace Max Scherzer will miss the remainder of the regular season with a low-grade strain of his right teres major muscle, located in the upper arm, general manager Chris Young announced on Wednesday.

Young said it is “unlikely” Scherzer, who was placed on the 15-day injured list, pitches in the postseason if the Rangers make it, but they will continue to evaluate his situation. They do not expect surgery to be necessary.

“It’s certainly bad news today,” Young said. “We're very sorry for Max, obviously. It’s the last thing he wanted; he’s such a competitor and he was pitching great last night when this happened. I hate to see this for him, most importantly. From a team standpoint, this team has shown a ton of resolve all season long.

“We've lost five of our six All-Stars in the second half and now we've lost a future Hall of Fame pitcher. Yet, here we are in a great position to make a run here at the end of the season and make a playoff push. So I’m very proud of the group and the fight that this team has. I don't expect that to change.”

Scherzer threw 5 1/3 scoreless innings in the Rangers’ 6-3 win over the Blue Jays on Tuesday night but was removed from the game with what the team called right triceps spasms. He also left a Sept. 1 start after six shutout innings against the Twins due to forearm tightness.

Scherzer said he had no regrets pitching in Tuesday’s contest, but noted that he believes the two injuries are related.

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Heim, Taveras avoid arbitration, agree to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

7 biggest offseason storylines to monitor in 2025

January 2nd, 2025

5 free agents who should be generating more buzz

December 22nd, 2024

The HOF is in their future. But where will they pitch next season?

November 27th, 2024

“For me, I will always believe that those two are related,” Scherzer said on Wednesday. “If the forearm is, you know, not at 100%, I mean that stress is gonna go somewhere else on the kinetic chain, it's gonna go somewhere else on your arm.”

The three-time Cy Young Award winner joined the Rangers after a Trade Deadline deal with the Mets. After a rough first half in New York, Scherzer posted a 3.20 ERA across eight starts in Texas. Though his "up-and-down" regular season is now over, Scherzer is grateful that his injury was not worse. 

“In some ways, I was almost relieved that it's not worse,” Scherzer said. “It's not surgery. Talking about the doctors, I fully expect to make a full recovery.”

With Scherzer down, the Rangers will need to fill out the rotation behind Nathan Eovaldi, Jordan Montgomery, Jon Gray and Dane Dunning.

Martín Pérez (93 ERA+) transitioned to the bullpen after the Trade Deadline brought Scherzer and Montgomery to the Rangers’ rotation. Andrew Heaney (107 ERA+) soon followed when Eovaldi was activated off the injured list.

The two lefties are presumably at the top of the list of pitchers to slide into the rotation, though rookie Cody Bradford (110 ERA+) has been serviceable with 40 strikeouts in 44 2/3 innings this season.

“I'm confident in the pitchers that we have and our ability to fill these innings,” Young said. “I’m optimistic that we'll be able to still get this done. … Between Andrew Heaney and Martín Pérez and Cody Bradford, these guys have all pitched successfully at different points in the season and all have been contributing members to our team this year. We’re very confident that each one of those guys can step in and fill this role. Who that's going to be, we’re not ready to commit to that yet.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Max Scherzer

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/max-scherzer-to-miss-rest-of-2023-season 
 ----- 
