Skip to Main Content
Skip to audio player to listen live
Newsletters
♡
DONATE NOW
Menu
Search
Sign in
Sign up
Sports
The Associated Press
September 13, 2023 6:17 AM
Willi Castro hits 2-run homer in 7th and Twins top Rays 3-2
Minnesota Twins' Willi Castro hits a two-run home run against the Tampa Bay Rays during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday in Minneapolis. Bruce Kluckhohn | AP
Save
SHARE

Willi Castro hit a two-run homer in the seventh inning and the Minnesota Twins rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3-2 on Tuesday night.

Edouard Julien also homered for the Twins, who lost Monday’s series opener. They lead the AL Central by 7 1/2 games over Cleveland with 17 to play.

René Pinto homered and Josh Lowe had an RBI single for the Rays, who missed an opportunity to gain ground in the AL East with first-place Baltimore losing to St. Louis. Tampa Bay remains three games behind the Orioles.

Minnesota was held to two hits through six innings before Max Kepler singled off Rays starter Zack Littell (3-6) with one out in the seventh. After Carlos Correa struck out, Castro hit a first-pitch slider to the seats in right-center field.

Turn Up Your Support

MPR News helps you turn down the noise and build shared understanding. Turn up your support for this public resource and keep trusted journalism accessible to all.

♡
DONATE NOW

“The low pitch is a hot spot for me. I think he made a mistake. … I was waiting for that pitch, and that was the result,” said Castro, hitting .393 in his past nine games. Five of his 11 hits in that span are for extra bases, including two home runs.

Louie Varland (4-3) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief, followed by a shutout inning from Caleb Thielbar before Jhoan Duran had a 1-2-3 ninth for his 26th save in 31 chances.

“We did a good job of kind of muscling through the game, staying close, giving ourselves a chance to get a baserunner then popping a homer, and the bullpen did a good job, too,” Twins manager Rocco Baldelli said.

Littell, a full-time starter since July 30, allowed three earned runs and five hits over seven innings. He permitted one earned run in eight innings last Thursday against Seattle.

Littell, who spent 2018-20 with the Twins, retired 11 straight hitters after Julien’s third-inning homer.

“He was awesome,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “Pretty unfortunate the way it ended for him. I felt bad for him. Even the pitch that Castro hit is probably a ball, two balls below the zone. He went down and got it, put a good swing on it. Could not be more impressed with the way Zack is throwing the ball, continues to throw the ball.”

Pinto’s fifth-inning home run to the seats in left gave Tampa Bay a 2-1 lead.

Joe Ryan, who shook off a comebacker off his pitching hand in the second inning, allowed two earned runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings, the second time in four starts since returning from a groin strain he did not make it out of the fifth.

Ryan, who expected the Rays to be more aggressive at the plate, walked Yandy Díaz to start the game but retired nine straight Tampa Bay hitters before Brandon Lowe doubled to start the fourth. He scored two batters later when a liner from Josh Lowe went off the glove of Correa at shortstop for an RBI single.

“It was just frustrating to throw that many pitches in a short amount of time,” Ryan said. “The only pitch I was really frustrated with was the one to Pinto. Got to be a little bit better there, probably with the pitch prior to that. But it was fun offensively to come back and get a nice win there. It feels good.”

Strikeout streak

Tampa Bay OF/1B Luke Raley fanned twice and has at least one strikeout in 19 straight games, the longest active streak in the majors. Tampa Bay struck out 11 times.

Trainer’s room

Rays: Díaz left in the fifth with a testicular contusion from a foul ball during his at-bat. He is day-to-day. … CF Jose Siri was placed on the 10-day injured list because of a fractured right hand sustained Monday. INF Curtis Mead was recalled from Triple-A Durham.

Twins: Placed on the bereavement list Sunday, INF Jorge Polanco is expected back Wednesday. … RHP Brock Stewart, out since June 26 with right elbow soreness, felt good after throwing 25 pitches of live batting practice and is expected to begin a Triple-A rehab assignment Friday.

Up next

Tampa Bay RHP Taj Bradley (5-7, 5.44 ERA) is scheduled to face Minnesota LHP Dallas Keuchel (1-1, 4.78) in Wednesday afternoon’s series finale.

Newly minted All-Pro Justin Jefferson needs a playoff win with the Vikings next on his list of feats
Timberwolves beat Magic 104-89 for 3rd straight victory
Lack of snow has some northern Minnesota businesses struggling
Vikings wild-card playoff game rescheduled in Arizona due to California wildfires
News you can use in your inbox

When it comes to staying informed in Minnesota, our newsletters overdeliver. Sign-up now for headlines, breaking news, hometown stories, weather and much more. Delivered weekday mornings.

SUBSCRIBE
Terms
Program ScheduleStation Directory
Providing Support for MPR. Learn More
♡
DONATE NOW
About MPR News
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Frequently Asked Questions
Fundraising Credentials
More from MPR
Newsletters
Outages
Press
Privacy
Shop
Staff Directory
Stations
Terms
Why Trust Us
Get the app
Stay Connected to MPR News
© 2025 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Volume
ON AIR
BBC WORLD SERVICE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mprnews.org/story/2023/09/13/willi-castro-hits-2run-homer-in-7th-and-twins-top-rays-32 
 ----- 
