Skip to main content
Pinstripe Alley homepage
a New York Yankees community
Follow Pinstripe Alley online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Pinstripe Alley main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

YANKEES ANALYSIS
 
MLB PLAYOFFS
 
YANKEES PLAYOFF COVERAGE
ALCS Game 5 Reactions: The Guardians burned the candle at both ends

The Guardians showed their cards over the first four games of the series, and the Yankees made them pay in the decisive Game 5.

By Jake Devin@JakePDevin  Oct 20, 2024, 10:00am EDT  94 Comments / 94 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Jake Devin is a lifelong Yankees fan and an editor for Pinstripe Alley, which has been his internet home since 2016.

Over the last several postseasons, the “Times Through the Order Penalty” has broken through to the mainstream. The fact that starting pitchers’ effectiveness degrades with each successive time they face a batter dictates modern strategy, and it’s no more evident than in the playoffs. Managers bring in their leverage relievers as early as dawn, rather than let a starter that’s shown his hand face a good hitter a third time in a key spot.

But this postseason, a separate effect has reared its head: that of the reliever familiarity effect. Teams are becoming cognizant now of how relievers appearing regularly throughout a long series also fare worse, with opponents seeing their stuff better and better over time, much as they do when getting to see a starter multiple times in a single game.

These are twin forces pushing against each other; teams don’t want to let their starters get solved over the course of one game, but they also don’t want to pull their starters in the third inning every night, lest the opposing team get familiar with their relievers as well (to say nothing of how their bullpen arms may wear down with overuse). Over the first four games of the ALCS, the Guardians burned the candle at both ends, praying they could squeeze past the Yankees while shielding their starters from the dangerous Yankee lineup, exposing their relievers in the process. The Yankees made them pay in the most pivotal moments in Game 5, and they’ve won their first pennant in 15 years because of it.

Cleveland manager Stephen Vogt had a lightning quick hook during Games 1 through 4, pulling his starters after 2.2, 1.1, 5.0, and 2.1 innings in each respective game. That kept Alex Cobb, Tanner Bibee, Matthew Boyd, and Gavin Williams from turning over the lineup three times (or even twice), but it put an incredible onus on Cleveland’s league-leading bullpen. The Guardians’ bullpen is full of great arms, yes, but those arms piled up their numbers in settings far different than that of October baseball, seldom pitching on consecutive days, and typically not facing the same batters over and over in the span of three games. Suddenly, in the postseason, the group was tasked with covering six or seven innings per night, with the Guardians’ top arms being asked to face the Yankees’ hitters again and again over the last week.

That is the context in which Game 5 began. Game 2’s starter, Bibee, got just four outs on Tuesday, but now Vogt knew he needed far, far more from his nominal ace. Emmanuel Clase, Cade Smith, Hunter Gaddis, and Tim Herrin, Vogt’s relief horses, all had been worked hard and looked over by the Yankees, in some cases yielding some very loud hits.

Bibee looked sharp to start the game, showcasing an overhauled arsenal from his first outing. In Game 2, Bibee used his four-seamer and cutter nearly 80 percent of the time, to little success, with the Yankees smoking his four-seam fastball during his short start in the Bronx. The right-hander decided to use every part of his repertoire this time around. His four-seam usage plummeted from 51 percent to 21 percent, replaced by a host of curveballs, changeups, and sinkers. They really couldn’t see his cutter, which looked much bendier than on Tuesday night:

Yet a pitcher is cruising only until he isn’t, something Vogt knows. When Cleveland arrived in the sixth inning of Game 5 leading 2-0 but with the top of the Yankee order looming for a third time, the Guardians were left without any good options. Either Bibee would stay in and face the Yankees’ best hitters a third time, often a death sentence for a non-elite pitcher, or the Guardians would air out their tired top relievers for a fourth time in five nights. Cleveland’s candle had all but burned out.

Bibee remained in the game. Gleyber Torres swung at a first-pitch cutter, a pitch he’d seen four times already, and looped it into left for a single. Juan Soto was also first-pitch swinging, with Bibee having thrown him every pitch in his arsenal across his first two trips to bat, and he smoked a grounder up the middle to put two on. Aaron Judge, whose struggles the last couple games remain the only fly in the ointment as the Yankees advance, got a good swing off at a changeup, hitting it hard but right at Brayan Rocchio for a double play.

With one on and two down, Bibee had surrendered three good swings but was on the verge of escaping and giving Cleveland just enough length while preserving the lead. Giancarlo Stanton stepped to the plate for his third look and fell behind 0-2, Bibee inducing swings on pitches out of the zone. But Stanton took ball one on a slider outside, after chasing an outside slider on the first pitch. He took a curveball down and a changeup inside. In a 3-2 count, Bibee went back to the slider and hung it. It was the fourth slider Stanton had seen from Bibee on the night, and he deposited it 446 feet away in the Progressive Field bleachers:

Meanwhile, the Yankees were doing just enough to ensure the same twin forces influencing Cleveland’s pitching didn’t erode theirs. Carlos Rodón was good but not great, bowing out after 4.2 innings. He’d lasted six innings in his Game 1 gem, and while the Yankee starting staff wasn’t excellent this series in lasting somewhere between four and six innings every start, they did far more than the Cleveland rotation, providing more cover and rest for their bullpen.

The Yankees did manage to get four outs of Tim Hill, who pitched in every game of this series. But they also got four massive outs from Jake Cousins, a relatively fresh arm the Guardians had hardly seen all series. He delivered the ball in the ninth to Luke Weaver, who has certainly gotten plenty of run in this series, but who was easily the most rested of all the top relievers on either side, the only one not to have pitched in Game 4.

A dominant ninth from Weaver set up the pivotal showdown in the 10th. Hunter Gaddis entered for Cleveland, having appeared in each of the last three games. Batting with one down and the bases empty, the ice-cold Austin Wells worked a solid plate appearance against Gaddis. Wells had seen 13 pitches from Gaddis earlier in the series, and spit on a decent slider beneath the zone for ball four:

The Yankees caught a break in the next at-bat, with Alex Verdugo grounding into what should have been a 4-6 fielder’s choice that Rocchio dropped. Gaddis bounced back to strike out Torres, bringing up Soto with two on and two down.

I don’t need to recount the entire sequence for you, as you surely know that Soto worked a masterpiece of an at-bat. Soto fouled off pitch after pitch, and it should have come as no surprise. Not only is Soto a hitting savant, but he’d faced Gaddis twice already this series. Soto doesn’t need the help, but now, he was hitting with confidence of a poker player who’d seen one of his opponent’s hole cards.

At the end of a seven-pitch battle that somehow felt much longer, Gaddis pumped in the first fastball of the at-bat, a good pitch at the top of the zone. But Soto was prepared, having seen Gaddis’ four-seamer in each of their previous two clashes this series. He unleashed a mighty swing and barreled the pitch, and by the time the ball landed over the center-field wall, the Yankees had all but clinched their spot in the World Series:

It’s too neat a narrative to say the Yankees won this series simply because the Guardians couldn’t handle the dual familiarity effects that plague every team over the course of a long playoff series. There are of course hundreds of plays, decisions, and bounces of the ball that could swing one series in either direction; hell, Soto probably doesn’t even get a chance to work his magic if the normally excellent Rocchio doesn’t drop the ball at second base in the 10th.

But for as much as the Yankees themselves like to remind us that there a million ways things can play out in theory, you only get one shot at reality, and in this one, the Yankees took advantage as Cleveland wore down. The Guardians tried to ride their bullpen to the World Series, but the Yankees waited them out patiently early in the series before Cleveland broke at the end. At this time of year, every team is playing with fire as it tries to manage its pitching staff. In Game 5, the Guardians got burned, and the Yankees won the pennant.

Start spreadin’ the news.

MORE FROM PINSTRIPE ALLEY
The Best 50 Could-Have-Beens of the Yankees’ Past 50 Years
NYY News: Yankees never made offer to Gleyber Torres
Yankees thread the needle with Cody Bellinger acquisition
How the Yankees lost the Juan Soto bidding war
Presenting the 2024 Yankees Roster Report Cards
1999 Yankees Diary: A 25th Anniversary Tribute
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Pinstripe Alley Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Yankees news from Pinstripe Alley
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pinstripealley.com/2024/10/20/24274272/yankees-world-series-playoffs-juan-soto-giancarlo-stanton-home-runs-guardians 
 ----- 
