Thursday, January 09, 2025, 5:59PM |   23°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
19
MORE
Yankees advance to World Series by eliminating Cleveland in Game 5 of the ALCS
New York heading to its 41st World Series
 
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
 OCT 20, 2024 4:11 AM
1

CLEVELAND — Juan Soto's arrival last winter was supposed to be that move that pushed the New York Yankees back to the top.

They're one step away.

Soto hit a three-run homer with two outs in the 10th inning and the Yankees advanced to their 41st World Series — and first in 15 years — by beating the Cleveland Guardians, 5-2, in Game 5 of the AL Championship Series on Saturday night.

Baseball’s biggest brand is going back to October’s main stage.

 
Noah Hiles
Former Pirates Anthony Banda, Brent Honeywell Jr. represent unique, successful duo in Dodgers bullpen

Soto, who was acquired in a seven-player trade from San Diego in December, pushed the Bronx Bombers into position with one big swing.

This was why he came, for this moment and for so many more.

“We’re right where we belong,” said Yankees general manager Brian Cashman, who pulled off the deal for Soto.

The Yankees will try to win their 28th title against either the New York Mets or Los Angeles Dodgers. Game 6 of the NL Championship Series is on Sunday at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles.

In the third consecutive tight game in three nights at Progressive Field, Austin Wells walked with one out in the 10th and Alex Verdugo followed with a grounder to Guardians second baseman Andrés Giménez, whose soft toss to the bag was dropped by rookie shortstop Brayan Rocchio for an error.

Hunter Gaddis struck out Gleyber Torres and had Soto in a 1-2 count before New York’s stylish outfielder sent a shot over the wall in center. Soto danced down the first-base line and paused to celebrate with his teammates before circling the bases.

“I was just saying to myself, 'You’re all over that guy. You’re all over that guy. He ain’t got anything,’” said Soto, who moved alongside his manager, Aaron Boone, as the only New York players to homer in an extra-inning, series-clinching win.

 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Tigers, Guardians offer important lessons to Pirates — and it's not all about money

Luke Weaver got the final three outs with Lane Thomas flying out for the last one, which was caught by Soto.

“We get to play for a world championship,” Boone said. “That's pretty sweet.”

The 25-year-old Soto is eligible for free agency this winter, and Yankees fans chanted “Re-sign Soto!” during the postgame festivities. He's expected to get a contract upwards of $600 million, and his heroics in Game 5 may have raised his price.

Giancarlo Stanton hit a two-run homer and was named ALCS MVP as the Yankees took care of the Guardians in five games. It wasn’t easy.

New York won the first two at Yankee Stadium without much fanfare or any major drama. However, it was a different story in Cleveland as all three games at Progressive Field were nail-biters.

The Guardians rallied to win Game 3 on two, two-run homers in their last two at-bats, and the Yankees held on to win Game 4 after blowing a four-run lead.

"This was a rollercoaster and we were able to just keep punching back,” Stanton said. “We know there’s much more work to do and it’s only uphill from here and we got to get it done.”

Cleveland just didn’t have enough and a surprising season under first-year manager Stephen Vogt ended just short of a World Series. The franchise remains without a title since 1948, baseball’s current longest drought.

“There’s only one team that gets to win the last game of the year, and unfortunately it’s not going to be us,” Vogt said. “But we accomplished a lot as a group. We got better. We worked extremely hard. I couldn’t be more proud of this group. We just didn’t get quite as far as we wanted to.”

The Yankees are back in the World Series, back where their fans expect them to be every year.

The club’s 82-80, fourth-place finish in the AL East last season led to some “soul searching as an organization” during the winter, according to Boone, who has been widely criticized but is one of just three managers to take New York to playoffs in six of his first seven seasons.

While the team’s core stayed mostly intact, getting Soto in a blockbuster trade on Dec. 7 — New York sent five players to San Diego for the three-time All-Star — accelerated the team returning to title contender.

“That was a good day,” Boone said with a laugh before the game.

Stanton’s 446-foot rocket into the left-field bleachers tied it at 2 in the sixth and chased Tanner Bibee, who had struck out New York’s dangerous DH in his first two at-bats and held the Yankees scoreless for the first five innings.

It was Stanton’s fourth homer in this series — his third in three days — and his 16th in the postseason, moving him into fourth place on the club’s career list behind Bernie Williams (22), Derek Jeter (20) and Mickey Mantle (18).

Before the game, Boone was asked what makes Stanton so good.

“He can hit it harder than anyone, first of all,” Boone said. “So there’s the physical nature of what he does that’s different than just about everyone in the world.”

But Boone went on to compliment Stanton’s discipline at the plate, “his approach, his process, how he studies guys.”

“There’s something that he does when he gets familiarity with people on top of being very physically gifted,” Boone said.

The Guardians took a 2-0 lead in the fifth off Carlos Rodón on Steven Kwan’s RBI single with two outs. But Cleveland missed a big chance for more, leaving the bases loaded when Lane Thomas grounded out on the first pitch to him from Mark Leiter Jr.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: LHP Nestor Cortes (elbow strain) had another successful live batting practice session. The reliever remains on track to join the Yankees on their World Series roster. Boone said Cortes would throw again early next week. Cortes went 9-10 with a 3.77 ERA in 30 starts.

First Published: October 20, 2024, 4:11 a.m.

Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
NEWS
County Council committee approves bills aimed at improving property assessment appeals process
A&E
Review: Pittsburgh-based medical drama 'The Pitt' focuses in on long shift with Noah Wyle of 'ER'
OPINION
David Mills: Why Donald Trump talks about taking over Panama and Greenland
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Brian Batko's Steelers mailbag: Any chance George Pickens is gone this offseason?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:00am  Brian Batko
2
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac's NFL picks: Wild card weekend
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:59am  Gerry Dulac
3
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Steelers-Ravens will be a vicious battle, with Lamar Jackson getting the last shot. Will he make it?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 3:13pm  Joe Starkey
4
SPORTS
'It's been no secret': Steelers' T.J. Watt growing increasingly frustrated without playoff win
 Wed, Jan 8, 2025, 5:55pm  Gerry Dulac
5
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Whitehall brothers Donovan, Kurt Hinish will showcase the best of us over 2 playoff games in 3 days
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:30am  Jason Mackey
ASSOCIATED PRESS
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Steelers-Ravens will be a vicious battle, with Lamar Jackson getting the last shot. Will he make it?
Steelers film room: Joey Porter Jr. and an aggressive man coverage scheme vital to beating Ravens
Gerry Dulac's NFL picks: Wild card weekend
Sources: Pirates sign left-hander Caleb Ferguson to 1-year, $3 million deal
Jason Mackey's sports chat: 01.09.25
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/2024/10/20/mlb-world-series-guardians/stories/202410200136 
 ----- 
