Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Mariners' mistakes add up in narrow loss to Angels
Share
Mariners' mistakes add up in narrow loss to Angels
September 2nd, 2024

Andrés Soto

Share

0:00

0:22

ANAHEIM -- Luke Raley couldn’t have led off the top of the ninth inning any better. With the Mariners trailing by a run and facing flamethrower Ben Joyce, Raley ripped the first pitch he saw down the right-field line for a single. The tying run was now on first base, Raley did what he needed to do, and the Mariners were in business.

But it all fell apart on the very next pitch. Pinch-hitter J.P. Crawford chopped the ball down the right-field line -- right into Angels first baseman Nolan Schanuel’s glove. Schanuel stepped on first and threw out Raley, who hesitated on the basepaths and tried to leg out the throw. Josh Rojas put up a valiant effort in the next at-bat but ultimately whiffed on the eighth pitch he saw -- a 103 mph fastball -- to strike out and seal the Mariners’ 3-2 loss to the Angels at Angel Stadium on Sunday afternoon.

Complete coverage: Mariners’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“I got a bad read on the ball, I thought it was chopped worse than it was,” Raley said. “I thought he was going to have to come up and get it, and I wanted to make sure I was in the throwing lane. I just brought myself way too far inside and couldn’t slide properly. When it comes down to it, I made a mistake.”

Related
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

How Raleigh, Raley have rallied each other

October 8th, 2024

'Fun game': Mariners bash three early home runs in rout of Phils

August 3rd, 2024

From Raley to Raleigh, Mariners' grand rally one for the ages

June 11th, 2024

That’s what it came down to on Sunday afternoon for the Mariners: mistakes. Whether it was Raley misreading the ball on the basepaths, a ground ball just getting past the outstretched glove of shortstop Leo Rivas to score two baserunners, or starter Bryce Miller giving up a leadoff home run, the small details added up and came back to haunt Seattle as it dropped the series to the Angels.

“When you get into one-run games, anything can make a big difference like that,” Mariners manager Dan Wilson said. “Tough play. The ball going off of Rivas’ glove as well, dives for it and makes a great effort, just off the glove. It’s a game of inches. That’s what they always say, and today it certainly was.”

Miller, who has had a solid season on the mound, also had his struggles. Aside from the leadoff home run, Miller uncharacteristically fell behind in the count repeatedly as he struggled to locate his fastball, resulting in him facing three-ball counts 12 times across his 4 2/3 innings.

Miller said after the game that the command of his fastball was “kind of all over” and that the heat may have been a factor.

“Just got to get that back dialed in and we’ll be good to go,” he said. “It was a hot day. I had a couple splitters that slipped out too. Weird game.”

The bats weren’t without their problems, either. The Mariners managed to get just two hits off Angels starter Caden Dana in his Major League debut. They drew five walks as a team but also left six runners on base and three in scoring position. They were 0-for-4 with RISP.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Mariners, who once held a 10-game lead in the AL West, now find themselves trailing the Houston Astros in the division by six games. They’re also 5 1/2 games out of the third Wild card spot.

If they don’t find consistency in the season's final month, the Mariners will be precisely where they are now: on the outside looking in. They know this, and catcher Cal Raleigh knows there is little room for mistakes like the ones they made.

“We got one more month,” Raleigh said. “We got to treat it like it’s a sprint, not a marathon. We just got to find a way to get it done, or else we’re going to be sitting at home come playoff time. We got to find a way to make it happen, however it is.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Luke Raley
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/luke-raley-homers-but-makes-baserunning-mistake-in-loss-to-angels 
 ----- 
