Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Chicago White Sox reach 100 losses for the 5th time in franchise history after falling to the San Diego Padres 6-1
Paul Beaty/AP White Sox fans cover their heads with paper bags during the ninth inning of a game against the Padres on Saturday at Guaranteed Rate Field.
By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: March 12, 2024 at 11:55 AM CDT

In a season filled with futility, the Chicago White Sox made the wrong type of history Saturday, suffering their 100th defeat in a 6-1 loss to the San Diego Padres at Guaranteed Rate Field.

It’s just the fifth time in franchise history the Sox have lost 100 games. The 2023 team (61-100) joins the teams from 1932 (49-102), 1948 (51-101), 1970 (56-106) and 2018 (62-100) in reaching the dubious distinction.

Before the game, manager Pedro Grifol wasn’t too caught up with the number.

“I know people think it’s an ugly number, but 99 (losses) is not?” he said. “I’ve never been too caught up in that. I want our guys to go out there and compete. Respect the game and finish the season strong. And wherever we end up, we end up.

“That’s not where we’re going to be next year, so I don’t get too caught up in 99 or 100 or anything like that. I really don’t. But I know it’s a big deal. People make it a big deal. It’s not for me. It’s not that big a deal for me.”

The Sox fell behind quickly Saturday in front of 30,118 at Guaranteed Rate Field as the Padres scored four runs in the first inning.

Mike Clevinger walked two in the inning after not walking any batters in his previous five starts (32 innings). Jurickson Profar had a three-run double and scored on a double from Ji Man Choi to put the Sox in a huge hole.

Profar had an RBI single during a two-run second inning. That was the last batter for Clevinger, who allowed six runs on seven hits in 1? innings.

Lenyn Sosa homered in the loss.

The Sox had a dismal start to the season, going 7-21. That stretch featured a 10-game losing streak.

It didn’t get much better for the team throughout the year. They enter Sunday’s season finale having lost 43 of 61.

Originally Published: September 30, 2023 at 10:00 PM CDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Unlock Neuropathy Relief: Simple Nightly Trick Rebuilds Nerves
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Council Bluffs: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
A Bra for Women That is Popular All over the World
Dotmalls
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Vertigo Dizziness? Do This Immediately (Watch)
The Daily Survivor
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Ahead of CTA fiscal cliff, Mayor Brandon Johnson warns Springfield not to hold Chicago hostage for ‘political gain’
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Today in Chicago History: ‘I decided to do my sitting over here,’ Mike Royko writes in his first Tribune column
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
What has Marist’s Ricky Ericksen learned from six losses to nationally ranked wrestlers? ‘He can beat anybody.’
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
30
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/30/chicago-white-sox-reach-100-losses-for-the-5th-time-in-franchise-history-after-falling-to-the-san-diego-padres-6-1/ 
 ----- 
