Skip to content
Latest News
Menu
HOME
FOOTBALL
BASEBALL
BASKETBALL
HOCKEY
BEST BETS/FUTURES
PARLAYS
PLAYER PROPS
MORE
Lawson Turner
October 11, 2024
11:01 am

The Chicago Bears and the Jacksonville Jaguars are heading to London for their matchup this week—the battle of two former number-one overall picks. Trevor Lawrence and the Jags are coming off their first win last week against the Indianapolis Colts 37-24. Meanwhile, for Caleb Williams and the Bears, Chicago is coming off a dominating win against the Carolina Panthers 36-10. Both teams want to keep their winning streaks alive and head back to the States with a win so let’s jump straight into this game and cook up a winner!

Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Chicago Bears Odds
Team	Spread	Total	Money Line
Jaguars	+1.5 (-115)	Over 44.5 (-105)	-102
Bears	-1.5 (-105)	Under 44.5 (-115)	-116
**Odds Subject to Change**
Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Chicago Bears Match Details
Fixture: Jacksonville Jaguars @ Chicago Bears
Date and Time: October 13th, 2024 @ 9:30 AM EST
Location: Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London, England
Key Stats
Oct 6, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Bears wide receiver DJ Moore (2) celebrates his receiving touchdown with wide receiver Keenan Allen (13) against the Carolina Panthers during the second quarter at Soldier Field. Mandatory Credit: Daniel Bartel-Imagn Images
Jacksonville Jaguars

The Jacksonville Jaguars are coming off their first win of the season against their division rival, Indianapolis Colts, 37-34. During the season, the Jags’ offense hasn’t been up to standard. They rank 21st in ppg, 20th in passing yards per game, 11th in rushing yards per game, and 10th in yards per play.

Trevor Lawrence is coming off his best game of the season, completing 28 of 34 passes for 371 yards, two touchdowns, and one pick. Rookie receiver Brian Thomas Jr., feasted last game catching five passes on eight targets for 122 yards, including an 85-yard touchdown.

Defensively, this team has been atrocious. They rank 30th in points allowed per game, 32nd in passing yards allowed per game, 9th in rushing yards allowed per game, 28th in offensive touchdowns allowed, 22nd in sacks, and 31st in takeaways per game. If this team is going to get back into the AFC South race, it must start on the defensive side of the ball.

The Jaguars’ defense, led by Travon Walker and Josh Hines-Allen on the D-Line, needs to get more production from their pass rush to help their back end. That also means their offense which is ranked 27th in the NFL in time of possession, needs to stay on the field.

Chicago Bears

The Chicago Bears are coming off their second consecutive win against the Carolina Panthers, 36-10. This offense has been improving every week behind rookie quarterback Caleb Williams. Last week, Williams completed 20 of 29 passes for 304 yards and 2 touchdowns.

On the season, this offense ranks 16th in points per game, 22nd in passing yards per game, 29th in rushing yards, 12th in offensive touchdowns, and 29th in yards per play. Against the Panthers, we say D’Andre Swift continued his great play with 120 yards from scrimmage and scored a rushing touchdown.

The Chicago Bears’ defense has been their best unit. They rank 5th in points allowed per game, 6th in passing yards allowed per game, 18th in rushing yards allowed per game, 5th in offensive touchdowns allowed, 10th in sacks, and 3rd in takeaways per game. Led by superstar cornerback Jaylon Johnson, this is one of the best defenses in the NFL. If the Bears’ defense can keep playing how they have been or close to it, they could be a difficult team to beat in the NFC.

Prediction

The Chicago Bears are going to beat the Jacksonville Jaguars in this game. I do not expect Trevor Lawrence to put excellent games back-to-back against this defense. Chicago’s defense is miles ahead of the Colts defense he faced last week. As for the Bears’ offense, I expect them to continue to improve like they have during their two-game winning streak. Caleb Williams will keep showing improvement and will take advantage of a Jaguars’ secondary that is last in the NFL in passing yards allowed per game.

Final Pick
Chicago Bears -1.5 (-105)
For More Great Content

Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips to sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play. Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out – explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.

Lawson Turner
My name is Lawson Turner and have been into sports betting for the past three years. I have a bachelor's degree in sportscasting and excited to put out articles for you guys! Check me and my podcast out on Twitter and YouTube if you want to keep up with my thoughts and opinions in the sports world! https://://x.com/Lawson_1226 https://://x.com/TheCoverToPod26 https://://www.youtube.com/@TheCoverTwoPodcast
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
Baltimore Ravens vs. Washington Commanders Betting Preview Week 6
NEXT
New York Giants vs. Cincinnati Bengals Preview, Prediction, and Odds| Week 6
Next
More stories from Total Apex Sports Bets
Denver Broncos @ Los Angeles Chargers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 16, 2024
December 16, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Best Prop Bets for Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills Week 15
December 14, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Green Bay Packers @ Seattle Seahawks Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 15, 2024
December 14, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Bets/Futures  (31)
Boxing  (2)
College Baseball  (1)
College Basketball  (109)
Golf  (7)
Misc  (19)
MLB  (249)
More Baseball  (1)
More Basketball  (5)
More Football  (28)
More Hockey  (1)
Motor Sports  (1)
NBA  (455)
NCAA  (174)
NFL  (155)
NHL  (68)
Parlays  (23)
Player Props  (6)
Soccer  (75)
Tennis  (16)
UFC  (24)
Uncategorized  (45)
WNBA  (19)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Denver Broncos @ Los Angeles Chargers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 16, 2024
Best Prop Bets for Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills Week 15
Green Bay Packers @ Seattle Seahawks Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 15, 2024
Navy Midshipman vs. #22 Army Black Knights Betting Preview I Week 16
NFL Parlay Power Picks Week 15
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
Herald
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Sports Bets
Menu
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexsportsbets.com/chicago-bears-odds-nfl-week-6-2024/ 
 ----- 
