Skip to content
Latest News
Menu
HOME
FOOTBALL
BASEBALL
BASKETBALL
HOCKEY
BEST BETS/FUTURES
PARLAYS
PLAYER PROPS
MORE
Shawn Pettinati
October 10, 2024
6:08 pm

In what should be one of the better games of the Week 6 slate, the Commanders-Ravens feature the top two scoring offenses in the NFL. The 4-1 Washington Commanders head to Baltimore to take on the 3-2 Ravens. Jayden Daniels has the Commanders atop the NFC East through the first quarter of the NFL season. Baltimore has won three in a row after the 0-2 start and is now tied with the Steelers atop the AFC North.

Washington Commanders vs. Baltimore Ravens Odds
Team	Spread	Total	Money Line
Washington

Commanders

	+6.5 (-108)	ov 51.5 (-105)	+245
Baltimore Ravens	-6.5 (-112)	u 51.5 (-115)	-300
**Odds Subject to Change**
Commanders vs. Ravens Match Details
Fixture: Washington Commanders vs. Baltimore Ravens
Date and Time: October 13, 2024 @ 1:oo p.m.
Location: M&T Bank Stadium
Key Stats
Washington Commanders

Washington comes into Week 6 4-1 SU and 4-1 ATS and is averaging 31 points per game on offense. Washington has four straight and looks to make it five against the Ravens this week. Washington’s much-maligned defense, especially the secondary, has been much improved in the last two games, allowing only 27 total points.

The Commanders are 6-4 ATS in their last ten road games for +1.45 units and this season are a profitable +2.64 units. Washington is outscoring their opponents by eight points per game and leads the NFL in points scored per game at 31. This will be one of their first big tests, as Baltimore’s defense has been exploitable, but the Ravens’ offense has been able to get on track the past few weeks in their high-scoring affairs.

Baltimore Ravens

Baltimore has the second-highest scoring offense in the NFL at 29.8 points per game, 3-2 SU and 3-2 ATS. Baltimore is 6-4 ATS in their last 10 overall and 3-0 ATS last three as the favorite. In addition, they are 7-3 ATS for a +3.36 units as a betting favorite.  Lamar Jackson has the Ravens offense humming, they are tops in the NFL with 447.6 total yards per game and rushing yards per game.

The Baltimore offense is a low-volume passing game, they want to establish and lean on their top rush offense. Jackson does average 30 pass attempts per game but that statistic skewed some with 42 dropbacks last week versus the Bengals. In the previous two, Jackson averaged 16 dropbacks per game which is more in line with how Baltimore wants to operate offensively. The Ravens have proven they can stay in shootouts through the air with last week’s performance.

Prediction

The sharps are on the Commanders in Week 6 as evidenced by the reverse line movement action. Baltimore is getting 52% of the money bets and yet the opening line of 8 has since dropped to 6.5.  We will buy a full point and get the Commanders back to +7.5.

Final Pick: Washington Commanders +7.5 (Alternate Spread)
*Odds via FanDuel Sportsbook and are subject to change*
For More Great Content

Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips to sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play. Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out – explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.

Shawn Pettinati
Shawn Pettinati is a 29 year veteran Physical Education Teacher and Varsity Men’s Basketball Assistant Coach. Responsibilities include developing and implementing the pacing of the physical education program, statistical analysis and coordinating team defense. He was a prior Basketball Director with the Charlotte Hornets, Hoops, and Clinics.
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
Pittsburgh Steelers @ Las Vegas Raiders Preview, Prediction; Odds | NFL Week 6, 2024
NEXT
Jacksonville Jaguars @ Chicago Bears Preview, Prediction; Odds | NFL Week 6, 2024
Next
More stories from Total Apex Sports Bets
Denver Broncos @ Los Angeles Chargers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 16, 2024
December 16, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Best Prop Bets for Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills Week 15
December 14, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Green Bay Packers @ Seattle Seahawks Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 15, 2024
December 14, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Bets/Futures  (31)
Boxing  (2)
College Baseball  (1)
College Basketball  (109)
Golf  (7)
Misc  (19)
MLB  (249)
More Baseball  (1)
More Basketball  (5)
More Football  (28)
More Hockey  (1)
Motor Sports  (1)
NBA  (455)
NCAA  (174)
NFL  (155)
NHL  (68)
Parlays  (23)
Player Props  (6)
Soccer  (75)
Tennis  (16)
UFC  (24)
Uncategorized  (45)
WNBA  (19)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Denver Broncos @ Los Angeles Chargers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 16, 2024
Best Prop Bets for Detroit Lions vs. Buffalo Bills Week 15
Green Bay Packers @ Seattle Seahawks Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Week 15, 2024
Navy Midshipman vs. #22 Army Black Knights Betting Preview I Week 16
NFL Parlay Power Picks Week 15
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
Herald
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Sports Bets
Menu
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexsportsbets.com/commanders-ravens-betting-preview-week-6/ 
 ----- 
