Follow us on         
 
 
 
Edition: International   |   Vietnamese
Home
News
Business
Tech
Travel
Life
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Contact Us
© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.
Hanoi
19 o
Thời tiết từng địa phương
×
|
|
   
   
 Log In
Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports Trivia
Vietnam, Indonesia stumble, Japan win big ahead of Asian Cup
By Staff reporters   January 9, 2024 | 08:46 pm PT
Japan thrashed Jordan 6-1, Vietnam lost 1-2 to Kyrgyzstan, while Indonesia suffered a heavy 0-5 defeat against Iran in exhibition matches ahead of Asian Cup on Tuesday.

Japan got their fourth consecutive win with a five-goal margin, after victories against Myanmar, Syria and Thailand. This also marked their 10th victory in a row, despite facing strong opponents like Germany and Tunisia.

Jordan are 87th on world ranking, 70 places behind Japan, and the score also showed the level gap between the two teams. Japan led Jordan by six goals and the East Asia team only got one back at the end of the game.

Aside from Jordan's own goal, the five scorers for Japan were Ko Itakura, Keito Nakamura, Takumi Minamino, Takuma Asano and Daizen Maeda.

Just like the Japan-Jordan game, Vietnam also played Kyrgyzstan behind closed doors on Tuesday, their final friendly game before playing Japan in the Asian Cup opener on Jan. 14.

Coach Philippe Troussier used 29 players in this game to test different formations and tactics.




Vietnam midfielder Khuat Van Khang (number 22) tries to stop a Kyrgyzstan player in an exhibition match in Qatar on Jan. 9, 2023. Photo by Kyrgyz Football Union

Vietnam ranked 94th on world ranking, four places higher than Kyrgyzstan. Before meeting Vietnam, Kyrgyzstan played three matches, losing 1-4 to Uzbekistan, 0-1 to the UAE and drawing 1-1 to Syria.

Kyrgyzstan took the lead in the 31st minute, thanks to striker Joel Kojo. In the 63rd minute, winger Truong Tien Anh equalized 1-1 for Vietnam. But 11 minutes later, defender Ayzar Akmatov scored to secure the 2-1 win for Kyrgyzstan.

For Indonesia, they put a defensive formation up against Iran but still crumbled easily. Iran found the net right in the 2nd minute with a goal from Saman Ghoddos.

After the early goal, Iran took full control of the game and there was nothing Indonesia could do.

In the 21st and 35th minutes, midfielder Rouzbeh Cheshmi and striker Shahriyar Moghanlou scored and decided the fate of the match.

Midway through the first half, Iran’s Seyed Hosseini had to leave the field due to injury. However, to test the team's ability to play with 10 men, coach Amir Ghalenoei did not put on a substitution until the end of the first half.

After the break, Iran replaced their entire lineup but Indonesia still could not do much. Winger Mehdi Ghayedi scored twice in the 70th and 87th minutes to secure a 5-0 victory for Iran.

This was Iran's 13th consecutive unbeaten match since last year (11 wins and two draws). Meanwhile, Indonesia received their third consecutive defeat, losing 0-4 and 1-2 in two friendlies with Libya.

At the 2024 Asian Cup that began on Jan. 12, Vietnam, Japan and Indonesia are in the same group. Vietnam will play Japan first before facing Indonesia on the 19th, while Japan will play Indonesia on the 24th.

Indonesia head coach hopes fans will be patient

Coach Shin Tae-yong said Indonesia aren't strong enough yet this year after losing two consecutive friendlies before this year's Asian Cup, where they are in the same group as Vietnam.

Thai footballer criticized for withdrawing from national team ahead of Asian Cup

Midfielder Ekanit Panya was slammed by Thai football fans after withdrawing from his national duty in the 2024 Asian Cup to train with his Japanese club Urawa Red Diamonds.

Vietnam have 44% chance in Asian Cup group

According to statistics website We Global Football, Vietnam have a 44.28% chance of surviving the Asian Cup group stage.

Vietnam shortest team in Asian Cup this year

Vietnam's average height is the lowest of all teams at this year's Asian Cup, while some of their other important indexes such as weight and experience are also in the bottom group.

You May Like
【守護家庭的超級英雄：長照保險即刻升級】
凱基人壽
了解更多
不可置信的事實！塗上去就生髮…數個月就變成另一個人
KAMINOWA
了解更多
  
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
Tags: Asian Cup 2014Asian CupJapan vs JordanIndonesia vs IranVietnam vs Kyrgyzstanexhibition matches
 
AFC Asian Cup 2023
Two Vietnamese players fined for red cards in Asian Cup
Son Heung-min came close to quitting international football
Spurs ace Son back on road to World Cup after turbulent Asian Cup
See more
Read more
Vietnam edge Thailand 2-1 in first leg of ASEAN Cup final
Vietnam haven't beaten Thailand at home for 27 years
Striker risks life by playing with 40-degree fever to send Thailand to ASEAN Cup final
Vietnamese-Brazilian striker joins Ronaldo, Haaland among top 10 goal scorers of 2024
'We are not afraid of Vietnam': Thailand defender
Ligue 1 uses Messi to mock Ronaldo
Thailand beat Philippines in dramatic ASEAN Cup semis to set up final against Vietnam
ASEAN Cup final tickets priced up to $39
 Back to top
News
Politics
Education
Environment
Traffic
Crime
Brainteaser
Business
DataSpeaks
Property
Markets
Companies
Economy
Money
Quiz
Tech
Travel
Places
Food
Guide
Visa
Puzzle
Life
Trend
Arts
Celebrities
Vogue
Love
Wellness
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Readers' Views
Contact us
Advertise with us:
 090 293 9644
Download App
International

Subsidiary of VnExpress

License number: 71/GP-CBC, Ministry of Information and
Communications, September 22, 2021

Editor-in-Chief: Pham Van Hieu

Email: evne@vnexpress.netTel: 028 7300 9999 - Ext 8556

FPT Tower, 10 Pham Van Bach Street, Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi, Vietnam

© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.

News Business Tech Travel Life Sports World Perspectives
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://e.vnexpress.net/news/football/vietnam-indonesia-stumble-japan-win-big-ahead-of-asian-cup-4699115.html 
 ----- 
