SAT JAN 11
FINAL
LAC
12
HOU
32
RECAP
SUN JAN 12
FINAL
PIT
14
BAL
28
RECAP
6:00 PM
DEN
T: 48
BUF
-550
PREVIEW
9:30 PM
GB
T: 45.5
PHI
-275
PREVIEW
MON JAN 13
1:00 AM
WAS
T: 50.5
TB
-160
PREVIEW
Scores
NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
NFL
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM NFL Odds
Stats
Teams
Video
Bengals QB Joe Burrow says contract talks weren't a distraction
Associated Press
September 09, 2023 - 2:28pm
Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow (9) gestures to the crowd during the NFL football team's training camp, Thursday, July 27, 2023, in Cincinnati. (Jeff Dean/AP)
1 comments

Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow, in his first comments to reporters since becoming the highest-paid player in the NFL, said contract negotiations weren't a distraction as he worked to rehab from a training camp injury and then game plan for Sunday's opener at Cleveland.

“I’ve always been pretty good at compartmentalizing things that are important to me,” the 26-year-old said Saturday at a news conference.

Burrow finalized his contract extension on Thursday before the Bengals' buses left for Cleveland. While the Bengals didn't disclose the terms, a person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press that Burrow agreed to a five-year contract worth $275 million, including more than $219 million guaranteed.

“I work really hard to perform well on the field and think a lot about how I handle myself and how I can be the best me for this organization,” he said. “So to be rewarded for it means a lot to me — but (there's) a lot more to do.”

Burrow, who is beginning his fourth season in the NFL, has reversed the fortunes of the franchise while earning a reputation as a decisive and creative leader with a knack for figuring out how to pick up yards when plays break down. He has led Cincinnati to two straight AFC North titles and a Super Bowl appearance following the 2021 season.

Signing the 2022 Pro Bowler and 2021 AP NFL Comeback Player of the Year to an extension was a goal of the team all summer, and Burrow didn't waver from his desire to spend the rest of his career in Cincinnati.

“A very well-deserved day for Joe,” Bengals coach Zac Taylor said. “He’s a guy who represented everything we want to be about. It’s on the field as a football player, it’s off the field in the locker room, it’s in the classroom as a student of the game.”

Burrow missed most of training camp with a strained calf muscle but returned to practice last week, and all indications are that he will start Sunday against the Browns.

He said getting the extension done before the opener was important to him, but he didn't discuss what may have caused any delays.

“We got what we wanted, they got what they wanted, but I’m going to be here for a long time,” he said. “That’s the important thing.”

Burrow said after signing he took a deep breath and celebrated “for about five minutes.”

"You're the highest-paid (player) for a certain amount of time until the next person breaks it," he said. “You try to do as good for yourself as you can and then continue about your business. We're all about winning here.”

Some of Burrow's teammates said they were glad the issue was finally out of the way.

“I was just kind of relieved because a lot of guys play better and more stress-relieved because you got your back secure, and the organization believes in you and trusts in you, and now you just go out there and cut it loose,” wide receiver Tyler Boyd said.

Center Ted Karras said the offensive linemen were having dinner together Thursday night when word of the extension arrived.

“Really I’m just glad we got it done by Week 1, so we can settle in and not really talk about it anymore and go to Cleveland to win,” Karras said.

For Christmas last year, Burrow gifted his O-line with luxury cruises. Expectations may be greater when the holidays arrive this year.

“I’m sure once Christmastime rolls around, we’ll kind of chide him a little bit,” Karras joked. “But he’s always hooked us up unbelievably, just on his rookie deal. With a max deal, we’ll see what we get.”

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Bengals QB Joe Burrow says he’s ‘ready to go’ for season opener vs. Browns
Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow practises for first time since suffering calf strain
NFL NEWS
NFLAssociated Press
Texans D stars in wild-card win over Chargers
NFLEmily Sadler
AFC Wild-Card Preview: Pressure on Bills
NFLKellen Forrest
NFC Wild-Card Preview: Can Packers upset Eagles?
NFLRichard Janvrin | BetMGM
Wild-Card Picks: Can Broncos stun Bills?
NFLAssociated Press
Steelers, Tomlin make another early playoff exit
MORE HEADLINES
NFLRichard Janvrin | BetMGM
Wild-Card Picks: Can Broncos stun Bills?
NFLAssociated Press
Steelers, Tomlin make another early playoff exit
NFLShoaib Alli
Wild Card X-Factors: Can Shakir step up?
NFLAssociated Press
Titans interview Canada's Hickman for GM job
NFLSportsnet Staff
Report: Patriots nearing deal with Vrabel
NFLSportsnet Staff
Report: Sanders has 'interest' in Raiders HC job

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/nfl/article/bengals-burrow-officially-agree-to-record-setting-five-year-275m-extension/ 
 ----- 
