Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
World News
Cristiano Ronaldo's hotel on the outskirts of Marrakech acts as a refuge after Morocco earthquake

The North African nation was hit by an earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter Scale

The entrance to Cristiano Ronaldo's hotel in MarrakechPESTANA CR7 MARRAKECH
ES
SMM
TBS
09/09/2023 - 11:04 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Saudi Pro League. Cristiano Ronaldo named Player of the Month for August in Saudi Arabia
Soccer. Siuuuu! Cristiano Ronaldo's most iconic celebration turns a decade old

Cristiano Ronaldo's Morocco hotel has become a refuge site for survivors of the large earthquake on Friday.

The seismic shock measured 6.8 magnitude on the Richter Scale, which measures the power of earthquakes, and has left over 800 dead and a further 650 wounded.

As a result, people have taken to any buildings that they can to find shelter following the natural disaster, including Ronaldo's hotel.

The Pestana CR7 Marrakech is graded at four stars, just below luxury and includes an outdoor pool, fitness centre, restaurant, and terrace.

But as Moroccans come together to attempt to find recover, the hotel has set aside its up-market qualities.

"The hotels the same. We had to come to the new area of Marrakech, where there are more luxury hotels, so to speak," Irene Seixas, a Spanish national, said to channel 24h.

"Now we have managed to get Cristiano Ronaldo's hotel, which is on the outskirts, to give us a room.

"We are waiting. We have slept all night on the street and at seven in the morning they told us that yes, we could approach.

"We are in a lobby a lot of people of different nationalities, waiting to see if we can get a room, but we have all slept on the street."

What is the Richter Scale?

The scale was developed by an American scientist and physicist called Charles Francis Richter in 1935

As mentioned earlier, the scale measures the power of earthquakes. It does that by tracking the amplitude of waves via seismographs.

The scale goes up to 9.9 and contains nine classes ranging from micro to extreme. The micro end which are essentially undetected, occur millions of times per year but an extreme earthquake is never seen more than three times in a century.

MORE in MARCA
Travis Kelce...
Marca
Bill Clint on sec...
Marca

The earthquake that hit Morocco scales at 6.8, placing it in the 'strong' category, marginally missing out on the 'major' group.

The most powerful earthquake ever recorded happened in Chile in 1960, and scaled at 9.6 causing an estimated $7.9 billion (USD) worth of damage.

Cristiano Ronaldo - English
World News
World NewsA meteorite causes surprise in Turkey and the sky lights up green
NewsThe astronomical figure that a 31-year-old German model spent on lengthening her legs by 14 centimeters
World NewsIndia could change its name to Bharat
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Mo...
Bankrate
Enhance Supply Chain Efficiency...
traveltrendstoday
A Little Help for Mom
People
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How...
GoodRx
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/world-news/2023/09/09/64fc8e87ca4741a4148b45a0.html 
 ----- 
