मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
SA vs PAK 1st T20I live streaming: When and where to watch South Africa vs Pakistan match in India?
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Apr 10, 2021 | 11:08 IST
For the second time in 2021, South Africa and Pakistan will face each other in a T20 series starting on Saturday. Here's how to watch the match live online.
SA vs PAK live streaming: When and where to watch  |  Photo Credit: AP

With an eye on this year's T20 WorldCup, scheduled to take place in India over the winter, South Africa and Pakistan will take the field for the first T20I at Johannesburg on Saturday. This will be the start of a four-match T20I series with two games scheduled to take place at the Wanderers Stadium after which action will move to the SuperSport Park in Centurion. 

The hosts enter the series after causing controversy for allowing five key players of the side to miss the series in order to represent their Indian Premier League franchises. It is a move that has come under scrutiny with the likes of Shahid Afridi and Dale Steyn questioning Cricket South Africa for allowing players to leave for the IPL despite an international assignment on cards.

Also, Temba Bavuma misses out on what should have been his first T20 series as captain giving Heinrich Klaasen the opportunity to lead the side. With the Proteas set to put out an extremely depleted line-up, it is hardly ideal World Cup preparation for the hosts or even Pakistan who would have wanted to test themselves against stronger opposition. 

This is the second time the two teams are playing a T20I series in 2021 after a meeting on Pakistan soil in February. The Men in Green had won the three-match series 2-1 after three entertaining encounters at Lahore's Gadaffi Stadium. Wicket-keeper batsman Mohammad Rizwan emerged as the star of the series after scoring 197 runs in three matches including a century in the first game. 

Here's all you need to know about the South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20:
When and what time will the South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 begin?

South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 will begin at 6:00 PM on Saturday (April 10). The toss will take place at 5:30 PM

Which channel will telecast the South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 in India?

South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 match will be telecasted on Star Sports Network channels.

How to watch the live streaming of the South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 in India?

South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20 can be streamed on the Star Sports Network platform and Jio TV. 

Squads

South Africa:, Janneman Malan, Rassie van der Dussen, Sisanda Magala, Wihan Lubbe, Lizaad Williams, George Linde, Heinrich Klaasen(C), Kyle Verrynne, Beuran Hendricks, Pite van Biljon, Migael Pretorius, Dwaine Pretorius, Tabraiz Shamsi, Lutho Sipamla, Reeza Hendricks and Bjorn Fortuin

Pakistan: Babar Azam (c), Sharjeel Khan, Fakhar Zaman, Mohammad Hafeez, Abdullah Shafique, Haider Ali, Danish Aziz, Saud Shakeel, Faheem Ashraf, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Arshad Iqbal, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Rizwan, Sarfaraz Ahmed, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Haris Rauf, Mohammad Hasnain, Usman Qadir, Hasan Ali.

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/sa-vs-pak-1st-t20i-live-streaming-when-and-where-to-watch-south-africa-vs-pakistan-match-in-india/743391 
 ----- 
