Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20I Live Telecast Channel in India and South Africa: When and where to watch SA vs PAK Johannesburg T20I?

Dixit Bhargav
PublishedApr 09, 2021

Follow Us

South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20I Live Telecast Channel: The SportsRush presents before you the timing and live streaming details of the first SA vs PAK T20I.

Advertisement

Pakistan’s ongoing tour of South Africa will move towards the T20I leg with the first match set to be played at The Wanderers Stadium in Johannesburg tomorrow.

The last time when these two teams had played each other in a T20I was earlier this year when South Africa had toured Pakistan for two Test matches and three T20Is. In a total of 17 T20Is against each other till date, South Africa have won nine as compared to Pakistan’s eight wins.

Having lost the three-match ODI 1-2, South Africa would be hoping to lift the trophy in the shortest format. Having said that, it will be easier said than done for them in the absence of multiple first-choice players.

While the likes of Quinton de Kock, David Miller, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje and Lungi Ngidi are in India for Indian Premier League 2021, Temba Bavuma, Rassie van der Dussen and Dwaine Pretorius will miss the series due to respective injuries. Additionally, batsman Reeza Hendricks has withdrawn from the squad following the birth of his first child.

Had it not been for an injury in the third ODI, Bavuma would’ve led his nation for the first time in T20Is. In Bavuma’s absence, wicket-keeper batsman Heinrich Klaasen has been assigned the leadership role for this series. Unlike Bavuma, Klaasen has led South Africa thrice in the past.

SA Captain Bavuma is out of the T20 series vs Pak starting tomorrow.Heinrich Klaasen will lead South African team#PAKvSA

— Mirza Iqbal Baig (@mirzaiqbal80) April 9, 2021

South Africa vs Pakistan 1st T20I Live Telecast Channel in India and South Africa

Star Network will broadcast the live streaming of the first T20I between South Africa and Pakistan in India. With Indian Premier League 2021 also beginning from today, the four-match T20I series will most likely be telecast on Star Sports 2 and Star Sports 2HD. As was the case during the recently concluded ODI series, the T20I series will also not be available in Hindi commentary.

Online users can stream the match on Star’s streaming application named Disney+Hotstar. It is worth mentioning that the match is unlikely to be available on any other streaming platform in India.

As far as the fans in South Africa are concerned, they will be able to watch the Johannesburg T20I on their televisions by tuning in to Super Sport Network.

Date – 10/04/2021 (Saturday).

Match start Time – 02:30 PM (SAST) and 06:00 PM (IST).

TV Channel – Star Sports 2 and Star Sports 2HD (India) and Super Sport (South Africa).

Online platform – Disney+Hotstar (India).

PakistanPakistan Tour Of South Africa 2021South Africa

About the author

Dixit Bhargav

Born and brought up in Pathankot, Dixit Bhargav is an engineering and sports management graduate who works as a Cricket Editor at The SportsRush. Having written more than 10,000 articles across more than five years at TSR, his first cricketing memory dates back to 2002 when former India captain Sourav Ganguly had waved his jersey at the historic Lord’s balcony. What followed for an 8-year-old was an instant adulation for both Ganguly and the sport. The optimist in him is waiting for the day when Punjab Kings will win their maiden Indian Premier League title. When not watching cricket, he is mostly found in a cinema hall watching a Punjabi movie.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Tanmay Roy • Jan 03, 2024

When Was The Last Time Pakistan Won A Test Match In Australia?

Tanmay Roy • Jan 03, 2024

Sydney Cricket Ground Weather Today: Will It Rain At The SCG On January 3?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jan 02, 2024

Sydney Cricket Ground Pitch Report And Test Records For 3rd AUS vs PAK Match

Dixit Bhargav • Apr 07, 2021

Usman Qadir debut: Why is Rassie van der Dussen not playing today’s 3rd ODI between SA vs PAK in Centurion?

Dixit Bhargav • Apr 05, 2021

Why has Shadab Khan been ruled out of Pakistan’s tour of South Africa and Zimbabwe?

Tanmay Roy • Jan 03, 2024

Cricketers Who Played First Test Match As Captain [FULL LIST]

Headlines

F1

Mercedes Beats Ferrari to the Pole Position for Lewis Hamilton’s 40th Birthday Greetings

Basketball

“That DB Gon Pick That”: Draymond Green Described Football’s Influence in Setting Perfect Passes to Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson

NFL

“He Won’t Come Close to Me Which I Completely Understand”: Kelly Stafford on How Matthew Is Protecting Himself From the Flu Outbreak at Home

Basketball

Former Bulls Guard’s Mother Declared Kobe Bryant the “Next Best Great Thing” 2 Years Before NBA Debut

F1

“It’s Super F**king Hard”: James Hinchcliffe Tells Where IndyCar Trumps F1 in Making Races More Exciting

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-south-africa-vs-pakistan-1st-t20i-live-telecast-channel-in-india-and-south-africa-when-and-where-to-watch-sa-vs-pak-johannesburg-t20i/ 
 ----- 
