CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Qatar end Palestine’s historic run to advance

Published: 29 Jan 2024 - 10:09 pm | Last Updated: 30 Jan 2024 - 08:35 am

Qatar's Hassan Al-Haydos celebrates scoring his team's first goal during the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 football match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, north of Doha, on January 29, 2024. (Photo by Giuseppe Cacace / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Hosts Qatar stayed on track in the title defence, ending Palestine’s historic run at the AFC Asian Cup with a 2-1 comeback victory in the last 16 at Al Bayt Stadium.

Akram Afif, once again stole the show, scoring the winner off a penalty in the second half for his fourth goal of the tournament after setting up captain Hassan Al Haydos for an equaliser on the stroke of first-half last night.

It was a remarkable fightback by the defending champions after Oday Dabbagh stunned the crowd of 64,000 by handing Palestine lead in the 37th minute with a solo effort.

With coach Makram Daboub saying before the match that his team will play without pressure, Palestine gave their higher ranked opponents a scare before fatigue took the game away from them.

Palestine's Oday Dabbagh celebrates scoring his team's first goal during the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 football match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, north of Doha, on January 29, 2024. (Photo by Hector Retamal / AFP)

But Palestine, who promised “to give joy to their people back home” suffering from the brutal Israeli aggression in Gaza, will take back a lot of memories, having reached the knockout stage for the first time after a 3-0 drubbing of Hong Kong – also their first-ever victory in their third appearance in the tournament.

“I can’t ask any more of them -- they have honoured Palestinian football. I am very proud of my champions. They have big ambitions and they are always proud to represent the Palestinian people. We would have liked to bring the people of Palestine more joy, but it wasn’t to be,” said Daboub.

The home captain also praised Palestine for their fighting spirit.

“They put in a great effort and it was a tough match. I am happy that now we are in the quarter-finals,” Haydos said after the match.

Qatar, who topped their group with three straight wins, will face the winners of today’s last 16 clash between Uzbekistan and Thailand in the quarter-finals at same venue on February 3.

Qatar's Akram Afif celebrates scoring his team's second goal during the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 football match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, north of Doha, on January 29, 2024. (Photo by Hector Retamal / AFP)

 

“We will take one step at a time and our next focus will be on the quarter-finals. But now we will go back and assess our performance of this match,” said Al Haydos.

The defending champions started the match with full strength as the likes of Al Haydos, striker Almoez Ali, Afif and goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham returned to the starting line-up after coach Marquez Lopez made nine changes in their previous match against China.

With Palestine supporters being hugely outnumbered by the home fans, the match hit top gear soon after the start.

Qatar took early domination in the fascinating first half, and Bassam Al Rawi in their first attempt headed the ball wide after across from Afif. Mohammed Waad’s cross created an opportunity for Al Haydos, whose header from a difficult angle was completely off target.



Qatar fans and supporters celebrate. (Photo by Giuseppe Cacace / AFP)

Afif then found space to pick Almoez but goalkeeper Rami Hamada did well to punch away the delivery.

Palestine made their first attempt in the 19th minute through a shot from a distance by Amid Mahajna, which a well-positioned Barsham stopped comfortably, before he blocked Mahmoud Abu Warda’s attempt in 26th minute.

Daboub’s men were paid for their threatening moves as Dabbagh after spurning a golden chance earlier, handed them a lead.

The forward, who scored twice in win over Hong Kong, cleared two defenders after intercepting a bad pass from Al Rawi to score the opener past a diving Barsham into the far corner.

The hosts leveled the scores in what was the last hit of the first half through Al Haydos, who was picked by Afif with a cut-back corner in sixth minute of injury-time.


Qatar fans and supporters celebrate. (Photo by Giuseppe Cacace / AFP)

Soon after the break, Qatar benefited from a sloppy penalty gifted by defender Mohammed Saleh, who slid in on Almoez trying to control Afif’s pass inside the box.

Afif was clinical in the spot kick sending goalkeeper the wrong way with a hit in the centre, sending home fans into raptures.

Dabbagh had an attempt for an equaliser in 64th minute but his header was well saved by Barsham.

As Palestine were pouring their bodies forward, Qatar got several scoring opportunities with Afif, Almoez and substitute Abdulaziz Hatem attempting to score their third goal.


Qatar's Akram Afif celebrates after scoring his fourth goal of the tournament. Pictures: Rajan Vadakkemuriyil

In a last-gasp effort, Islam Batran fired the ball high and wide as Qatar celebrated their 11th straight victory in the Asian Cup including seven victories in their 2019 title triumph.

“The most important thing is that we have qualified. I wanted a better performance,” said Qatar coach Lopez.

“It was a very tough game and it was emotional because we were playing the Palestinian team.”

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
What caused South Korea's most deadly plane crash
Minister of Interior crowns winners of Founder's Purebred Arabian Camel Festival
Qatar reaches 5 million visitors in 2024: Tourism Triumph
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Doha Creative City celebrates cultural exchange through bread-making traditions
Visit Qatar wins prestigious Microsoft AI Excellence Award and MENA Digital Awards
Three foreigners killed in Thailand tourist hotel blaze
Aviation remains safest travel mode despite recent incidents
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/29/01/2024/qatar-end-palestine-run-to-reach-asian-cup-quarterfinals 
 ----- 
