CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:08, January 30, 2024 | Updated: 01:38, January 30, 2024
Asian Cup: Jordan overturn 10-man Iraq, Qatar edge Palestine
By Xinhua
Share

Iraq's goalkeeper Jalal Hassan make s a save with a header in front of Jordan's Yazan Alnaimat during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, on Jan 29, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

DOHA - With two stoppage time goals from Yazan Al Arab and Nizar Al, Jordan dramatically overturned 10-man Iraq 3-2 to advance into the quarterfinals of AFC Asian Cup here on Monday.


Iraq reached the knockout stage with perfect records, winning all three group stage matches including a 2-1 victory over four-time winners Japan, while Jordan qualified as one of the four best third-placed teams.

Although Iraq controlled the ball, Jordan had better opportunities playing on the counter and broke the deadlock in the first half injury time, when Yazan Al Naimat dribbled all the way through the Iraq defense from center circle, beating the goalkeeper with composure.

Jordan's midfielder #10 Musa al-Tamari runs with the ball past Iraq's defender #06 Ali Adnan during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha on Jan 29, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

In the 68th minute, Suad Natiq headed home a corner to level for Iraq. Eight minutes later, Aymen Hussein drilled a right footed volley into the far corner to make it 2-1 in Iraq's favor.

Iraq's joy, however, was short-lived as Hussein received his second yellow card for excessive celebration and was sent off the pitch, which completely changed the momentum of the match.

ALSO READ: Australia brush aside Indonesia 4-0 to reach Asian Cup quarters

Playing with one man advantage, Jordan dominated the last minutes of the match and their efforts finally paid off in the sixth minute of injury time when Mousa Al Tamari's shot was parried away, and then Al Arab pounced to fire in the rebound.

Just one minute later, Al Rashdan unleashed a thunderous strike from distance as Jordan regained the lead and powered into the quarterfinal to meet the tournament's dark horse Tajikistan.

Qatar's Abdel Aziz Hatim (left) plays the ball as Palestine's Ameed Mahajneh tries to block during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine, at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, on Jan 29, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

In the other round of 16 match on Monday, Akram Afif contributed one goal and one assist as hosts Qatar rallied to beat Palestine 2-1.

Oday Dabbagh scored a solo goal for Palestine in the 37th minute, but Qatar leveled before half-time whistle with a corner kick combination between Afif and Hassan Al Haydos, who made a perfect run to score.

In the 49th minute, Afif converted a penalty, after Almoez Ali was brought down in the penalty area by Palestinian defender Mohammed Saleh.

READ MORE: Asian Cup: Tajikistan stun UAE on penalties to quarter-finals

Qatar will play against the winners between Uzbekistan and Thailand in the quarterfinal.

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Chinese men make a racket in 2024
Chinese tennis star Zheng Qinwen enjoys an ace season
China's sprinter Su Bingtian to retire after 2025 National Games
Fan Zhendong responds to WTT statement on withdrawal, fines
Frustrated Djokovic says players kept in dark over high-profile doping cases
Late Sottil goal earns Fiorentina 2-2 draw at Juventus
Milan held to 1-1 draw by Roma's magic moment
Napoli draw level with leaders Atalanta after 1-0 win over Venezia
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/373995 
 ----- 
