Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Inspiring skipper Battat leads Palestine on and off pitch in Qatar
FOOTBALL

Monday, 29 Jan 2024

Leading by example: Captain Musab Al-Battat (left) has been the public voice and face of Palestine. — AFP

DOHA: Musab Al-Battat has led Palestine on the pitch with his all-action performances and off it as the voice of a team who have battled the odds to reach the Asian Cup knockout rounds for the first time.

The 30-year-old captain will be the man his team look to once again for inspiration when Palestine face hosts and reigning champions Qatar in a daunting last-16 tie today.

Palestine’s first time in the knockout rounds of the regional championship was sealed with their first ever victory in the tournament, 3-0 over Hong Kong.

The attacking defender set up two of the goals and was named man of the match.

“He is the kind of captain who leads by example,” said Bassil Mikdadi, founder of the Football Palestine website.

“The story or the journey of Palestinian football over the last 10 years can be told through Musab Al-Battat,” added Mikdadi.

The rightback made his international debut in 2013 and is at his, and the team’s, third Asian Cup.

STARPICKS
CELEBRATING THE SILVER JUBILEE OF THE FIRST RONALD MCDONALD HOUSE

The side ranked 99 in the world have progressed into the next round despite a deeply troubled build-up overshadowed by the Israel-Hamas war in the Palestinian territory of Gaza.

Some of the players have lost loved ones and have family trapped in Gaza. The team trained and played matches abroad in the build-up to their third Asian Cup.

As skipper and a highly respected senior player, Battat has been the public voice and face of the team in Qatar.

Wearing the traditional Palestinian keffiyeh headscarf along with his team tracksuit, he emerged at the opening ceremony to deliver the players’ oath in front of more than 80,000 spectators.

Normally it would be the host nation’s skipper who does it.

On the eve of Palestine’s first game, which ended in a 4-1 defeat to Iran, Battat described what being at the Asian Cup meant to him and his teammates.

“We as players are part of the Palestinian people and live through the same suffering as the people,” said Battat. — AFP

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Football , Asian Cup

   
How useful is this article to you?

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
FOOTBALL 1d ago
Football: I’m not Malaysian, says Burnley captain Brownhill
NATION 24 Dec 2024
Two detained over brawl between football fans at LRT station
FOOTBALL 23 Dec 2024
Ministry slam brawl involving football fans at train station
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in Sport

1

BADMINTON1h ago
Anders Antonsen bags King's Cup, earns big payday

2

FOOTBALL1d ago
Football: I’m not Malaysian, says Burnley captain Brownhill

3

BADMINTON1d ago
Chan gets into record books for biggest pickleball centre

4

BADMINTON20h ago
Su Yin has found the right partner in Hoo and hopes for another good ride in 2025

5

BADMINTON20h ago
South Koreans keep ’em guessing, and a poser for Aaron-Wooi Yik

6

SQUASH1d ago
Rising star Ayesha sets new targets after ending year with a double

7

BADMINTON1d ago
Yoke Meng hopes Tze Yong can draw some inspiration from Chong Wei in comeback bid

8

GOLF1d ago
MGA in a poor state financially

9

BADMINTON1d ago
Peng Soon urges Chen-Toh, Hoo-Cheng to do better than him at M’sian Open

10

FOOTBALL3h ago
Soccer-Italy's AC Milan sack Portuguese coach Paulo Fonseca after just six months
Others Also Read
STARPICKS
Reinventing affordable luxury living
STARPLUS13h ago
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
ENTERTAINMENT46m ago
Chinese actress Vicki Zhao announces divorce from Singaporean husband...
WELLNESS51m ago
Looking back: Infections surge globally in 2024
LIVING51m ago
12 grapes in Spain, soba in Japan: New Year culinary traditions around the world
THAILAND1h ago
Thai police disguised as foliage in hunt for sex attacker spark amusement...
NATION1h ago
Anwar pays tribute to late former US president Jimmy Carter
SABAH & SARAWAK1h ago
Fahmi Reza headed to police station, says he will not answer questions
SOUTH KOREA1h ago
Anguish for South Korea plane crash relatives amid grim salvage
SINGAPORE1h ago
New laws punishing misuse of Singapore SIM cards to come into effect on Jan 1...
BOOKS1h ago
Laundromat tale: the magic of ordinary spaces and meaningful connections
NATION2h ago
Luxury car catches fire on Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge
Load More
StarPicks
 
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’

Tiger Beer roars into the new year, inspiring consumers to celebrate its supporters through exciting promotions and activations

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2024 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2024/01/29/inspiring-skipper-battat-leads-palestine-on-and-off-pitch-in-qatar 
 ----- 
