Manage your privacy

To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen.

Statistics

Store and/or access information on a device, Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources.

Marketing

Store and/or access information on a device, Use limited data to select advertising, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Use profiles to select personalised content, Develop and improve services.

Features
Always active

Match and combine data from other data sources, Link different devices, Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically.

Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors , Deliver and present advertising and content.
Always active
Manage 939 vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
Manage options
Privacy and Cookie policy
Privacy and Cookie policy
Skip to content

Best price guarantee on our tours

Book Now
News
Magazine
Features
Travel
Book Tours
Made in Iceland
Subscribe
News, Sport
Iceland Hosts Montenegro Tonight in Nations League Match

By Ragnar Tómas

Photo: Golli.
September 6, 2024

The men’s national football team will face Montenegro tonight in the UEFA Nations League at Laugardalsvöllur. Captain Jóhann Berg Guðmundsson has expressed confidence in the team’s preparation despite injuries.

Montenegro at home

The men’s national football team will square off against Montenegro in the Nation’s League at the Laugardsvöllur stadium in Reykjavík tonight. The game will kick off at 6:45 PM.

The Nation’s League is a biennial international football competition played by the senior men’s national teams of the member associations of UEFA, the sport’s European governing body. Aside from the regular qualification process, the league provides an additional pathway for teams to qualify for the UEFA European Championship.

As noted by Fótbolti.net, Iceland competes within Group 4 of the B league of the Nations League, alongside Montenegro, Turkey, and Wales. The team that wins the group will be promoted to the A-division, while the last-place team will be relegated to the C-division.

Hope to entertain the fans

In an interview with Vísir published today, Jóhann Berg Guðmundsson, captain of the national football team, stated that the team was on the right track: “I believe we are on a good path, and hopefully we can show that [tonight],” Jóhann observed.

As noted by Vísir, Montenegro’s brightest star is captain Stevan Jovetic, who is currently without a club. Many of the team’s players compete across Europe and Asia.

“They obviously have some talented players, plenty of whom we need to be wary of. We need to play our best game, and hopefully, we’ll see as many fans as possible. Ticket sales haven’t been great, but that’s just how it is,” Jóhann remarked, adding that tickets can be purchased on tix.is.

The Icelandic team has dealt with several injuries leading up to the match, with key players missing: Hákon Arnar Haraldsson will be absent throughout the fall, and two centre-backs, Sverrir Ingi Ingason and Brynjar Ingi Bjarnason, are injured.

“Of course, someone will step up in their place, and someone will have the chance to show their worth [today]. Hopefully, they’ll succeed. We’ve practised our defence well this week. Obviously, we’re missing some key players, but as always, someone steps up,” Jóhann, who plays for Al-Orobah in Saudi Arabia, stated.

“I’m just looking forward to playing at Laugardalsvöllur and hopefully securing a good result for Iceland,” Jóhann continued. “We, of course, need to be very strong both with and without the ball. Hopefully, we can keep possession and make them run, creating some chances. Entertaining the fans at Laugardalsvöllur. That’s always the plan. We’ll do everything we can to win the game.”

 

 

football team, Iceland, Jóhann Berg, Men's National Football Team
Sign up for our weekly newsletter

Get news from Iceland, photos, and in-depth stories delivered to your inbox every week!

Email
Sign up
Subscribe to Iceland Review

In-depth stories and high-quality photography showcasing life in Iceland!

Subscribe
RELATED NEWS
NEWS
Statistics Iceland: Immigrants 18.2% of the Nation’s Residents
NEWS
Despite Dip, Social Democrats Lead as Election Day Nears
NEWS
Famous Icelandic Cat Found Safe and Sound
FROM THE TRAVEL DESK
TRAVEL
Food Festivals in Iceland – From Traditional Feasts to Street Food
TRAVEL
Before You Go: How to Pack for Winter in Iceland
PARTNERSHIPS
Savouring the Flavours of Iceland at Sjávargrillið, the Seafood Grill
LATEST NEWS
Laufey Brings “Christmas Magic” to Graham Norton Show
New Year’s Eve in Reykjavík: Ideal Conditions for Fireworks
Horse Rescued From Crevice in South Central Iceland
Cold Weather Forecast in Capital Area Over Coming Days
Retailers Ordered to Suspend Alcohol Sales Over Holidays
Iceland Review – Helping you discover since 1963
News
Magazine
Ask Iceland Review
In Focus
Travel Tips & Info
Book Tours
About Us
Work with Us
Privacy Policy
Our History
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
Youtube

© 2024 - Iceland Review ehf. All rights reserved.

About Us
Privacy and Cookie policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.icelandreview.com/news/iceland-hosts-montenegro-tonight-in-nations-league-match/ 
 ----- 
