NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Soccer
Fixtures
Tables
Messi scores hat trick as Argentina outclasses Bolivia in World Cup qualifying
Associated Press
October 15, 2024 - 11:00pm
Argentina's Lionel Messi celebrates after scoring his side's opening goal against Bolivia during a World Cup 2026 qualifying soccer match at Monumental stadium in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024. (Natacha Pisarenko/AP)
1 comments

BUENOS AIRES — A hat trick and two assists: Lionel Messi came back in style for Argentina in its 6-0 home win in a South American World Cup qualifying match on Tuesday.

The superstar, who missed the two rounds of the competition in October due to a right ankle injury, played from start to finish on Tuesday in front of raucous fans at the Monumental de Nuñez Stadium, who chanted his name after he opened the scoring in the 19th minute.

The result kept the World Cup champions as leaders of the round-robin competition with 22 points after 10 matches, three points clear of second-place Colombia, who earlier beat Chile 4-0. Uruguay is in third position with 16 points after a goalless draw with Ecuador.

Messi in strong form on return

Messi's first goal came after a mistake by a Bolivian defender, who missed a pass and allowed the 37-year-old Messi to run freely and finish unchallenged in front of goalkeeper Billy Viscarra. Messi assisted on Lautaro Martínez's goal in the 42th minute and gave a decisive pass once again in added time on a goal by Julián Álvarez.

Argentina appeared to slow its pace after the break, but scored again with Thiago Almada in the 69th minute. The striker scored from close range after a low cross by Nahuel Molina.

Messi's show had two great finishing touches from the edge of the box, the first in the 84th and the second in the 86th minute.

“We enjoyed this, we are happy to be here playing in Argentina,” said Messi, who once again refused to say whether he will play in the next World Cup in 2026. “This could be one of the last (matches in front of the Argentinian crowd).”

Bolivia, which is seeking to qualify for the World Cup for the first time in 30 years, remains in contention with 12 points.

Chile in last place

Chile's loss to Colombia has placed the job of coach Ricardo Gareca at risk. Davinson Sánchez, Luis Díaz, Jhon Durán and Luis Sinistierra scored the goals for Colombia. Chile is in last place in the qualifying group with only five points.

Paraguay beat Venezuela 2-1 and moved into a qualifying position in the standings. Jon Aramburo opened the scoring for the visitors in the 25th minute, but striker Antonio Sarabia came from the bench to win it for the hosts with goals in the 59th and 74th minutes.

Two more rounds of South American World Cup qualifying will be played in November.

SOCCER NEWS
SoccerCanadian Press
Rise add Canadian defender as first signing
5:00
SoccerSportsnet Video
What would make it an ideal 2025 for the Canadian MNT?
SoccerAssociated Press
Is Unify League the new European Super league?
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
MORE HEADLINES
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
La LigaAssociated Press
Barcelona's Lamine Yamal out with ankle injury

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/messi-scores-hat-trick-as-argentina-outclasses-bolivia-in-world-cup-qualifying/ 
 ----- 
