Skip to content

Times of San Diego

Local News and Opinion for San Diego

DONATE
Menu
POSTED IN
SPORTS
Padres Fall to Diamondbacks 11-2 in Regular Season Finale, Await Playoff Opponent
by Keller Brown • Times of San Diego
Sept. 29, 2024, 11:10 p.m.
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Luis Arraez during the 2024 regular season finale against the Arizona Diamondbacks. Courtesy of @Padres ‘X’ account

The Arizona Diamondbacks defeated the San Diego Padres 11-2 Sunday, wrapping up the regular season. 

San Diego scored the first run of the game in the second inning, when catcher Elias Diaz hit a double that scored infielder Nick Ahmed.

The Diamondbacks, whose season was on the line, responded in a big way, scoring six runs in the fourth inning, highlighted by a two-run home run from second baseman Ketel Marte.

While the Padres couldn’t finish off the sweep in Phoenix, they will have Monday off and watch the results of the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves double header that was postponed due to Hurricane Helene. 

If one of the teams sweeps the double header, the winner and the Diamondbacks will be in the playoffs. If both teams split the double header, both Atlanta and New York will be in the postseason, and Arizona will be out.

“We’ll be ready on Tuesday,” said Padres manager Mike Schildt postgame. “We’ll be prepared and eager and hungry to go compete.”

A highlight from Sunday’s loss was infielder Luis Arraez getting his 200th hit on the season and officially winning the National League batting title. This is the third consecutive batting title that Arraez has won, all with three different teams.

“Everybody is happy for him,” said Schildt. “We did say that we expect the next couple to come from San Diego though.”

Regardless of who the Padres face, the postseason will begin Tuesday, with the time of first pitch still to be determined.

TAGGED:arizona diamondbacks, Braves Mets doubleheader, Luis Arraez, MLB Playoffs 2024, San Diego Padres
SDG&E Patrols and Restoration Underway Following Power Shutoffs
Read More
GET TIMES OF SAN DIEGO BY EMAIL

Our free newsletter is delivered at 8 a.m. daily.

Enter address: 

LATEST NEWS
SDG&E Patrols and Restoration Underway Following Power Shutoffs
LA’s Biggest Fire Continues to Rage, But Crews Make Progress on 2 Others as Winds Ebb
UC San Diego Health First to Offer Novel Gene Therapy for Hemophilia B
Will Rogers Historic Ranch House, and Topanga Motel Once Owned by Hearst Destroyed in Palisades Fire
Single-Match Tickets for San Diego FC’s 2025 MLS Regular Season Now on Sale to General Public
MOST POPULAR STORIES
Red-Flag Warning for Fire Danger Extended in San Diego County with More High Winds on Way
8, Including 20-Year-Old Pedestrians, ID'd Following Spate of Fatal Collisions
Multiple Fires Burning Throughout Southern California; Fatalities Reported
How National City's Rosie Hamlin, 15, Made 'Angel Baby' a Hit, Chicano Anthem
SDG&E Cuts Power to More Than 1,200 Customers, Urges Continued Preparedness
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS

ABOUT
Donate
Newsletters
Corrections Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Republication Guidelines
Terms of Use


Support Local News

San Diego residents need the truth. Help us report it. Join the growing list of donors investing in our community's long-term future. 

Donate
© 2025 NEWSWELL
Powered by Newspack
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofsandiego.com/sports/2024/09/29/padres-fall-to-diamondbacks-11-2-in-regular-season-finale-await-playoff-opponent/ 
 ----- 
