HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Angola vs Namibia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 26, 2024 at 9:23 AM
Modified at :
January 26, 2024 at 9:23 AM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
The Brave Warriors are one step away from reaching quarter final for the first time in their history

Angola qualified for the knockout stage for the first time in AFCON history. After a number of impressive displays in the group stage, they finished top of a group containing Algeria and Burkina Faso. Following a 1-1 draw with Algeria, the Brave Warriors won impressively against Burkina Faso and Mauritania. For the first time in the competition, they have scored in back-to-back games. 

In the tournament’s opening match, Namibia stunned Tunisia by beating one of the favourites. But in their second match, they failed to capitalize on the momentum, losing 4-0 to South Africa. Their last match against Mali ended in a scoreless draw, which was good enough to qualify them to the knockout stages. 

Kick-Off:

Saturday, 27 January 2024 at 10:30 PM IST

Location: Stade Bouaké

Form:

Angola (in all competitions) : W-W-D-D-D

Namibia (in all competitions) : D-L-W-W-L

Player to Watch
Dala Gelson (Angola)

Dala Gelson and Mabululu have scored two goals each together. Gelson is a hardworking forward who likes to drift inside and shoot. As well as attacking, he also plays a crucial role in the defensive duties for his team. With his team in the next round, he hopes to have a crucial role to play. 

Deon Hotto (Namibia) 

Deon Hotto has been one of the biggest scorers on the team for Namibia. Namibia’s qualification to the round of 16 has been largely attributed to his strike against Tunisia, which made their path easier as one of the best third-place sides to qualify. A Namibian push to the next round will be reliant on Deon Hotto. 

Match Facts
Angola are unbeaten in the last eight matches
Namibia have failed to score in the last two matches
Angola head into the round of 16 as unbeaten
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Gelson and Mabululu will hope to play a pivotal role in this match to qualify for the quarterfinal for the first time in their history. Bruno Paz and Fredy will be hoping to recover in time to play an important role in this match. 

The good news for Namibia is that they have a fully fit squad to select from. Benjamin is likely to stick with the same eleven that put in an impressive performance against Mali. 

Head to Head (last 12 matches)

Angola-6

Namibia-0

Draw-6

Predicted lineup
Angola Predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Neblu; Afonso, Gasper, Quinito, Carneiro; Fredy,Show; Gilberto, Zini, Gelson; Mabululu

Namibia Predicted lineup (4-1-4-1):

Kazapua; Kamberipa, Amutenya, Haukonho, Hanamub; Petrus;Muzeu, Tijiueza, Katua, Hotto; Shalulile

Match Prediction for Angola vs Namibia

Angola will be the favourites for this match due to their excellent form, having scored in every possible match and coming out as the group’s table toppers. Namibia are struggling to score goals at the moment and have struggled against big teams in the past. 

Prediction: Angola 2-0 Namibia

Telecast for Angola vs Namibia

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Manchester United vs Newcastle: Head-to-head record
Top 10 players to play for both Manchester United and Newcastle United
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't rule out leaving Al-Nassr after end of current contract
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Top 11 players with most assists in Premier League history
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-angola-vs-namibia-match-preview 
 ----- 
