Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Cricket / Black Caps
Black Caps v Pakistan: Cricket fan taken out by Babar Azam six in Dunedin
NZ Herald
17 Jan, 2024 02:18 AM
3 mins to read
Save
Share

A cricket fan is floored while trying to catch a six hit by Pakistani batsman Babar Azam at the 3rd T20 between New Zealand and Pakistan in Dunedin 17 January 2024 picture supplied credit: TVNZ

A cricket fan in Dunedin has copped a brutal falcon while trying to catch a six from Pakistan star Babar Azam.

It comes after another fan in the first innings snagged what surely will be the crowd catch of the summer off a Finn Allen six, without having to leave their seat.

Azam cracked a pull shot in the area between mid-wicket and square leg off a Matt Henry delivery that went like a laser beam over the fence and took out a man attempting to catch the ball. The ball hit him around the neck and face area after going through his hands and he fell before the ball popped up and another fan caught it.

The camera shot back to a shocked Azam who held up his hand and had his mouth wide open in reaction.

In the first innings, as Allen hoisted Harris Rauf over midwicket all eyes were on the group of fans seated on the bank with the ball descending upon them.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Cometh the hour, cometh the fan and this particular cricket fan will be wishing Tui had brought back their Catch a Million promotion.

With an extension of the right arm overhead and without so much as a flex in the knees, the fan leans back ever so slightly in their chair to find the ball land perfectly in their hand.

The surrounding punters naturally break out into raucous cheers and after throwing the ball back onto the field, the fan examines his right hand almost in disbelief.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Crowd catches are a highlight of any T20 match and there have been a number of famous instances on New Zealand shores.

During a Super Smash match in January 2023, Ross Taylor smacked four sixes as part of his eighth 50 in just 39 appearances in Super Smash cricket, one of them caught spectacularly by a crowd-member, one-handed, while carrying his young son in the other.

“What a catch! Kid in hand, left mitt, that is the take of the season so far,” commentator Katey Martin pronounced as the action occurred.

A Black Caps fan stole the show in Christchurch in March last year, delighting locals with a spectacular one-handed catch while holding a beer during New Zealand’s first innings.

Discover more
Black Caps
Recap: Black Caps blow away Pakistan after Allen's fireworks
16 Jan 11:43 PM
Super Rugby
Dalton Papalii 'caretaker' captain: Why Tuipulotu replaces him
16 Jan 01:31 AM
Black Ferns
Why questions over Lions squad won't worry Black Ferns
16 Jan 10:34 PM
Opinion
Winners and Losers: Razor stumbles out of blocks as ABs coach
15 Jan 03:00 AM

When Tim Southee smacked a six over mid-wicket in the 78th over of the first test against Sri Lanka, one punter managed to effortlessly palm the ball while controlling his beer, which he promptly finished.

“He had a bit of spillage on his beer, so he loses points for that,” said the Alternative Commentary Collective commentary team.

“He delays the return of the ball, milks it, necks his beer and then returns it.”

Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Te Pāti Māori co-founder Dame Tariana Turia suffers stroke
New Zealand
Kiwi journo Tova O'Brien gives birth to daughter 10 weeks premature
New Zealand
NZ merino firm vows to probe sheep cruelty claims in sheds owned by ex US TV host
Sport
How crime rings target star athletes' homes for luxury loot
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Black Caps
Hay and Duffy star as Black Caps seal series win
30 Dec 10:07 AM

The Black Caps brushed aside Sri Lanka thanks to a quartet who missed the World Cup squad.

Duffy bowls Black Caps to comprehensive victory
30 Dec 09:49 AM
'A level-headed Cantabrian bloke': Black Caps unearth new death star
29 Dec 09:00 PM
Black Caps surge back to stun Sri Lanka
28 Dec 10:45 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/cricket/black-caps/black-caps-v-pakistan-cricket-fan-taken-out-by-babar-azam-six-in-dunedin/C65BF2MP2FE6PCS2546FJRXAUQ/ 
 ----- 
