Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Leeds United
Leeds Utd Transfers: Top Target In 'advanced Talks' Over Rival Move As Two Forward Alternatives Emerge - Sources
Leeds United

Championship

Official Club Website
www.leedsunited.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Stats
Top Leeds Utd target in ‘advanced talks’ over rival move as two forward alternatives emerge – Sources
James Holland
20 Aug 2024 1:26 PM

Leeds United hope to land at least one new forward

Leeds United look set to miss out on top summer objective Jonathan Rowe, with Marseille edging closer to his signing, though the Whites do have two other forwards on their radar as they look to bolster their attacking options.

Leeds have sold around £140million worth of players this summer, the most out of any club in Europe. Two superb forwards have left as part of those sales, too.

What is your team's manager looking for...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
'He almost got cheered off' | Neville...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Neville: Anfield the worst place to go...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
<
>

Championship Player of the Season Crysencio Summerville has joined West Ham United for £25m plus add-ons, while Brighton & Hove Albion announced the club-record capture of Georginio Rutter on Monday night, in a deal worth £40m.

Wilfried Gnonto’s agent is also keen to secure a transfer for his client, though it remains to be seen whether he will be allowed to leave as well.

DON’T MISS: The 10 most expensive Championship to Premier League transfers after agonising triple Leeds exit

Leeds must strengthen their forward line if they are to challenge for promotion back to the Premier League this season.

Norwich City’s electric winger Rowe has been identified as a player who can spearhead Leeds’ promotion push.

Ad

However, it is now unlikely that the 21-year-old will end up at Elland Road. TEAMtalk can confirm reports that Marseille are closing in on Rowe’s signature.

Talks between Marseille and Norwich are at an ‘advanced’ stage, sources have told TEAMtalk transfer insider Fraser Gillan.

Leeds Utd transfers: Two stars eyed after Rowe setback

Rowe has told Norwich officials that he wants to make the move a reality as it would represent a great next step in his career.

Norwich are expected to receive a total of £13m when selling the England U21 international, who notched 13 goals and four assists in 38 games for them last season.

Leeds do have other wingers in their sights, though. TEAMtalk revealed last week that Leeds are among several clubs pursuing Stoke City wide man Million Manhoef.

Ad

The Whites will have to pay significant money to prise Manhoef away from Stoke, however. The Potters value the Dutchman at over £10m, and they hope this price tag will put Leeds off.

Leeds are eyeing a double deal for Manhoef and Burnley ace Manuel Benson, too. In a boost for the West Yorkshire side, TEAMtalk can reveal that Benson is happy to leave Burnley and is expected to join a new club before the transfer deadline, with Daniel Farke’s side firmly in the mix.

Although, Leeds have yet to make a formal approach to snap up the 27-year-old.

Leeds are prioritising the improvement of the winger and No 10 positions. They feel that by adding Manhoef and Benson to their squad – plus the versatility of some of their existing forwards – they will have a strong enough attack to get into the play-off places or better.

READ MORE: Leeds quoted colossal fee to re-sign Jack Clarke as move for Austria star explodes into life

Question 1
Ethan Ampadu joined Leeds from Chelsea. Who did he join Chelsea from?
use 
hint
Exeter City
RB Leipzig
Sheffield United
Wrexham

Leeds United
Jonathan Rowe
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
James Marshment
15 Aug 2024
Rutter sale confirmed but Leeds given hope of uplifting double deal as Marathe looks to respond

The Whites are being linked with a fresh double attacking deal to compensate for the crushing loss of Rutter to Brighton, which has now been confirmed by Farke

Leeds United
Jonathan Rowe
Fraser Gillan
14 Aug 2024
Exclusive: Leeds among teams chasing Stoke winger as Potters set high demand over sale

The Whites are one of three sides looking into a possible deal for a tricky Stoke winger as they explore a possible Plan B for Jonathan Rowe - but the Dutchman will not come cheap

Leeds United
Jonathan Rowe
James Marshment
13 Aug 2024
Leeds lifted in Jonathan Rowe transfer chase as Marseille reach big decision; Farke advised to re-sign former Whites star

The Whites have so far added four players to their squad this summer but still hope to make a serious splash with the addition of a quality England U21 star next

Jonathan Rowe
Jack Clarke
James Marshment
12 Aug 2024
Exclusive: Leeds to make solid Jonathan Rowe move as optimism grows over stunning transfer hijack

The Whites are ready to step up their interest in the star by making a firm offer to Norwich - and we understand there is optimism a deal can be agreed

Jonathan Rowe
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
19 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
3 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
21 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
3 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
6 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/leeds-united/sources-top-target-advanced-talks-rival-marseille-move-two-forward-alternatives-emerge 
 ----- 
