LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
FIFA World Cup qualifier: Sunil Chhetri-less India enter testing transition phase against Qatar
Sunil Chhetri ended with 94 goals in 151 matches, having led the country with aplomb for more than a decade.

Published - June 10, 2024 03:07 pm IST - Doha

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

Football team captain Sunil Chhetri along with teammates during his last match against Kuwait in the FIFA Qualifier at the Salt Lake Stadium at Kolkata on June 6, 2024. | Photo Credit: R.V. Moorthy

The influential Sunil Chhetri's absence will be a difficult void to fill as the Indian football team enters a testing transition phase with a crucial FIFA World Cup qualifying match against heavyweights Qatar in Doha on June 11.

The 39-year-old Chhetri called time on his glorious international career by playing in last week's fixture against Kuwait in Kolkata, which ended in a goal-less draw as the team failed to give him a fitting farewell.

 Bidding farewell to football legend Sunil Chhetri

Chhetri ended with 94 goals in 151 matches, having led the country with aplomb for more than a decade.

The Indian team will be led by the 32-year-old first-choice goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu, who has so far appeared in 72 internationals and is the most experienced player in the 23-member squad after Chhetri's retirement.

An acid test awaits India as they run into two-time Asian champions Qatar at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium, knowing well that a defeat will end their campaign and dash all hopes of securing a maiden entry into the third round of the World Cup Qualifiers.

India remain in the second spot with five points and a goal difference of -3. Afghanistan, who also played out a 0-0 draw with Qatar in their last outing in Hofuf, Saudi Arabia, are in third spot with a goal difference of -10, the stalemate making the job much more difficult for Igor Stimac's wards.

 FOOTBALL | We are ready to create history, says skipper Chhetri

Qatar, who have already qualified for the third round as group-toppers, have named a largely youthful squad, with 21 out of their 29 players below the age of 24.

"We have watched the Afghanistan versus Qatar game and will work on the attacking transition, with a hope to start scoring goals from the chances we create," said Stimac on arriving here.

India had their first practice in Doha on Sunday evening and are having the official training session on Monday at the match venue.

For the Blue Tigers, a result is a must. If they lose against Qatar, they will be eliminated from the FIFA World Cup Qualifiers third round.

They will then be doing battle in the AFC Asian Cup Qualifiers third round matches for a place at the 2027 tournament in Saudi Arabia.

However, if India beat Qatar, they will be in pole position to make the World Cup Qualifiers third round and a direct spot at the Asian Cup thanks to their much-superior goal difference over Afghanistan.

If India draw against Qatar, they will qualify for the third round only if the match between Kuwait and Afghanistan, which will kick off in Kuwait City two hours after India's match, also ends in a draw.

In that scenario, India will finish second in the group with six points, the same as Afghanistan, but with a better goal difference.

Kuwait are at the bottom of the table with four points but with Qatar already through to the third round, all the other three teams remain in contention for the second and final berth from Group A.

For over a decade, one question that has dogged Indian football is, "Who, after Sunil Chhetri?" The team is yet to find a lethal striker to succeed him.

Rahim Ali struggled as a substitute in the previous match and lacked clinical finishing skills. The likes of Manvir Singh, Vikram Partap Singh and David Lalhlansanga comprise India's forward line but they are yet to make a statement upfront.

The fancied Qatar side will look to exploit wherever the India team is found wanting, making it extremely important for defenders Anwar Ali, Mehtab Singh, Nikhil Poojary and Rahul Bheke to be on their toes at all times.

In the midfield, the likes of Sahal Abdul Samad, Anirudh Thapa, Brandon Fernandes, Liston Colaco and Lallianzuala Chhangte will need to be creative with their passing and intelligent with movement off the ball.

Match starts at 9.15PM IST.

Published - June 10, 2024 03:07 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

soccer

Most Popular
Sexual assault on Anna University campus: Accused Gnanasekaran not a member of DMK, says T.N. Law Minister
Intent: China Plus One, Impact: India Minus One?
Azerbaijan accuses Russia of trying to hide causes of plane crash; says the plane was shot from Russia
Accolades pour in as Vizag lad Nitish Reddy scores his maiden Test century Down Under
Elon Musk vows to ‘go to war’ to defend H-1B visa programme; Trump sides with him
IND vs AUS Boxing Day Test Day 1: Australia’s top four batsmen find collective voice against India
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Former PM Manmohan Singh death reactions LIVE 
PM Modi lays foundation for Ken-Betwa 
BJP leans on allies as 2025 polls beckon 
Judicial officer suspended 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/fifa-world-cup-qualifier-sunil-chhetri-less-india-enter-testing-transition-phase-against-qatar/article68273206.ece 
 ----- 
