Sunday, December 29, 2024
PDF
Supplements
Top Stories 
Qatar
Business
Sport
World 
Gulf/(MiddleEast)
Press Release
Latest News
Home
/
Sports
/
Afghanistan hold Qatar goalless to keep their qualification hopes alive
Afghanistan hold Qatar goalless to keep their qualification hopes alive
07/06/2024
/
Sports
Screenshot 2024-06-06 213804
Screenshot 2024-06-06 213755
Action from the Qatar vs Afghanistan Group A FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 Joint Qualifiers match played at the Prince Abdullah Bin Jalawi Stadium in Al Hasa, Saudi Arabia, on Thursday.
GPZ7hy-aEAAgrYw
India’ star captain Sunil Chhetri, playing his final match, in action against Kuwait at the Vivekananda Yuva Bharati Krirangan in Kolkata on Thursday.
+ A
A -
Qatar tribune

AFC

Al Hasa (Saudi Arabia)

A compact Afghanistan put up a stubborn performance to hold Qatar 0-0 in their Preliminary Joint Qualification Round 2 Group A match for the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 at the Prince Abdullah Bin Jalawi Stadium in Al Hasa, Saudi Arabia, on Thursday.

The result took Afghanistan to five points, level with India and one ahead of Kuwait withQatar having already earned qualification into Round 3 of the FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

Afghanistan play Kuwait on Tuesday with India facing Qatar in what promises to be an exciting finale to Group A.

Afghanistan were content to press high, be patient, close in the gaps, sticking together to absorb the pressure, not allowing a new-look Qatari side to break free.

Nevertheless, Qatar had their first chance in the 12th minute when Abdullah Al Yazidi unleashed an effort from inside the 18-yard box, but his attempt sailed over.

Afghanistan were forced into a substitution in the 23rd minute as Rahmat Akbari picked up an injury and was substituted by Jamshed Asekzai.

Enjoying more ball possession, Qatar were willing to play it around, and all over. They came close in the 40th minute when Ahmed Alrawi feinted down the left, entered the 18-yard box but a horde of Afghan defenders, desperate and chasing, prevented him from finding Ibrahim Al Hassan.

Three minutes later, Afghan goalkeeper Ovays Azizi stooped down to collect a vicious cross preventing Qatar from making any impact.

Azizi was again in the thick of action in added time, diving to his left to palm away Alrawi’s free-kick from outside the box which was awarded after captain Haroon handled the ball.

Immediately after the resumption, Qatar earned a corner but they weren’t able to capitalise.

The two-time AFC Asian Cup champions by now were attacking with all thrust forcing Afghanistan to defend deep, and as the game progressed, the Central Asian had to rely on counter-attacks to break down the opposition.

Qatar came close to opening the scoring in the 57th minute only to be denied by the woodwork - Tahsin Jamshid’s header off Mahdi Salem’s cross bouncing off the post.

Desperate to break the deadlock, Qatar brought made three substitutions in the 73rd minute -- Hazem Shehata coming in for Homam Ahmed, Yusuf Abdurisag replacing Ibrahim Al Hassan and Abdullah Alahrak substituting Naif Al Hadrami.

Afghanistan were not to be deterred. They did have a close shave in added time when Yusuf Abdurisag failed to head it in off a Mohamed Gouda cross, but managed to hold on and will go into their tie against Kuwait knowing victory will take them through to the third round of the FIFA World Cup qualifiers and AFC Asian Cup Finals for the first time.

India and Kuwait

in 0-0 draw

India and Kuwait played to a goalless draw in their Preliminary Joint Qualification Round 2 Group A match for the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 at the Vivekananda Yuva Bharati Krirangan in Kolkata on Thursday.

The result took India to five points from five matches, with Kuwait one adrift. India next play Qatar in Doha on Tuesday, while Kuwait host Afghanistan.

While all eyes were on Sunil Chhetri playing his final match for India, Kuwait blew a golden chance to surge into the lead as early as the fourth minute.

Striker Mohammed Abdulah, pouncing on a delectable through ball from Eid Al Rashedi, evaded Rahul Bheke’s sliding tackle, entered the box, but was left heartbroken to see his placement deflect off Indian goalkeeper Gurpreet Sandhu’s outstretched leg for a corner.

India countered in the 11th minute. Beating his marker with sheer pace, Liston Colaco tried to set up Chhetri inside the box but defender Hasan Alanezi recovered to clear the ball. Off the resultant corner, Anwar Ali, unchallenged, headed his attempt over.

Kuwait failed to capitalise on another opportunity in the 25th minute after Faisal Harbi sent Eid Al Rashedi but with only Gurpreet inside the Indian box, Rashedi’s lob sailed over.

Meanwhile, Alanezi, the leader in the Kuwaiti defence, came again to his team’s rescue in the 25th minute - intercepting debutant Jay Gupta’s cross by stretching himself to the fullest to stand in between an unmarked Abdul Sahal who was lurking behind to tap in.

Two minutes later, India earned a free-kick but even as a number of heads went up to meet Anirudh Thapa’s curler, none could connect. Off the rebound, Liston’s grounder hit the side netting.

Changing over, India made two changes – Brandon Fernandes coming in for Sahal while Rahim Ali replaced Anirudh Thapa.

Almost immediately, both teams had two chances in a span of two minutes – first Gurpreet palming off Harbi’s volley from close, and off the counter, Rahim’s effort was blocked by Kuwait goalkeeper Sulaiman Abdulghafoor.

Rahim also found himself in the clear two minutes later, but his shot was off target.

Meanwhile, the nimble-footed Al Rashidi kept the Indian defenders guessing and had not an acrobatic Gurpreet fisted off Rashidi’s right-footer in the 52nd minute, the script could have been different.

Manvir Singh, who had scored India’s match-winner the last time the two teams met in the World Cup Qualifiers in Kuwait City, came in for Liston in the 70th minute.

India survived a scare in the 73rd minute but Anwar, after being a shade late to shield Yousef Al Sulaiman, regained his composure as Sulaiman was about to pull the trigger from inside the box.

Kuwait coach Rui Bento responded with two substitutions - Sultan Al Enezi replacing Redha Hani, and Ali Matar coming in for Eid Al Rashedi, while for India, head coach Igor Stimac sent on Edmund Lalrindika upfront for defender Jay Gupta but neither side was able to find the winner.

   Copy
07/06/2024
30
Follow us
© Copyright 2024 QATAR TRIBUNE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.qatar-tribune.com/article/126445/sports/afghanistan-hold-qatar-goalless-to-keep-their-qualification-hopes-alive 
 ----- 
