LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
Emotional Sunil Chhetri bows out with Kuwait draw in FIFA World Cup qualifiers
The 39-year-old forward scored 94 goals for India over a career spanning nearly two decades, behind only Cristiano Ronaldo, Iran’s retired Ali Daei and Lionel Messi in the all-time international scorers’ list.

Published - June 06, 2024 09:47 pm IST - Kolkata

AFP
READ LATER
PRINT

Football team captain Sunil Chhetri during his last match against Kuwait at the Yuva Bharati Krirangan at Kolkata on June 6, 2024. | Photo Credit: R.V. Moorthy

Thousands cheered a tearful Sunil Chhetri off the pitch after his last match on June 6, bringing to a close an international career which put him among the world’s all-time leading scorers.

Nearly 59,000 fans came to watch the captain’s swan song in Kolkata — a 0-0 draw against Kuwait in a World Cup qualifier — a remarkable turnout in a country where football comes a distant second to cricket in popularity.

 Sunil Chhetri’s Indian national team career and achievements | In pictures

The 39-year-old forward scored 94 goals for India over a career spanning nearly two decades, behind only Cristiano Ronaldo, Iran’s retired Ali Daei and Lionel Messi in the all-time international scorers’ list.

Fans flocked to the stadium hours before gates opened to chant, sound bullhorns and dance in the baking afternoon heat.

Fans roared during Chhetri’s fleeting opportunities on the ball but otherwise the atmosphere in the stands was subdued.

“Referee don’t blow the whistle, otherwise Sunil Chhetri will leave us,” said one banner hanging from the stands.

Another showed a stooped Chhetri carrying a giant football daubed with the saffron, white and green of India’s flag.

But his 151st and final appearance failed to help India to victory over Kuwait in the Asian World Cup qualifier.

Chhetri’s best chance in the 55th minute came to nothing when a pass from Brandon Fernandes was intercepted by the Kuwait keeper.

An emotional Chhetri waved to crowds and pressed his palms together in thanks as he departed the field.

He wiped away tears as he walked through an honour guard formed by his teammates to see him off the pitch.

‘Inspiration to everyone’

Chhetri is a sporting icon in cricket-mad India.

The diminutive striker, who is 1.7 metres tall (5ft 7in), made his debut against fierce rivals Pakistan in 2005 and scored India’s only goal.

He hit a hat-trick against Tajikistan to help India qualify for the Asian Cup for the first time in 27 years in 2011.

“He became a legend while still playing, and that’s something only a few can do,” India’s coach Igor Stimac said last month.

“He’s an inspiration to everyone, absolutely committed to the Indian jersey.”

Chhetri had two brief but unsuccessful spells in Portugal and the United States, but has spent most of his career in India.

He currently plays for Bengaluru.

In 2009 he was offered a contract by London club Queens Park Rangers, in England’s second tier, but he could not get a work permit.

India are second in Group A, behind already qualified Qatar and a point ahead of Afghanistan and Kuwait, with the top two advancing.

India play Qatar in Doha on Tuesday while Kuwait host Afghanistan in the final round of group games.

Published - June 06, 2024 09:47 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

soccer

Most Popular
Azerbaijan accuses Russia of trying to hide causes of plane crash; says the plane was shot from Russia
In Mumbai, a joyride that turned fatal
Elon Musk vows to ‘go to war’ to defend H-1B visa programme; Trump sides with him
Sexual assault on Anna University campus: Accused Gnanasekaran not a member of DMK, says T.N. Law Minister
Frequent GPS interference, including ‘spoofing’, near India’s border with Pakistan, Myanmar
IND vs AUS Boxing Day Test Day 1: Australia’s top four batsmen find collective voice against India
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Ravichandran Ashwin retirement LIVE 
Parliament Winter Session Day 19 LIVE 
News 
Live news 
Christmas Advent calendar 2024 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/emotional-sunil-chhetri-bows-out-with-kuwait-draw-in-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers/article68260203.ece 
 ----- 
