Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Houston Astros Swept in AL Wild Card Series, Dealing Blow to Dynasty
For the first time since 2016, the Houston Astros will not be going to the ALCS, thanks to the Detroit Tigers' clutch hitting in the AL Wild Card Series this week.
Sam Connon | Oct 2, 2024
Oct 2, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Houston Astros pitcher Josh Hader (71) talks with pitching coach Joshua Miller (36) during the eighth inning of game two of the Wildcard round for the 2024 MLB Playoffs against the Detroit Tigers at Minute Maid Park. / Thomas Shea-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Astros
Detroit Tigers

The Houston Astros, MLB's most dominant postseason force over the last decade, got sent home early on Wednesday.

The Detroit Tigers completed a sweep in the best-of-three AL Wild Card Series, thanks to the three-RBI triple Andy Ibáñez delivered in the eighth inning of Game 2. Houston was unable to stage a comeback and force a Game 3, handing Detroit the 5-2 win.

And with that, the Astros failed to reach the ALCS for the first time since 2016.

Houston kicked off its run with a World Series championship in 2017, followed by additional American League pennants in 2019 and 2021. The Astros won their second title in 2022, proving they could still dominate in the wake of their controversial sign-sealing scandal.

Even when they snuck into the postseason during the COVID-shortened 2020 campaign, the Astros still made it to Game 7 of the ALCS. The club did the same in 2023, again coming one win shy of returning to the Fall Classic.

Houston didn't come anywhere close in 2024, getting knocked out by a Detroit team that was eight games under .500 as recently as mid-August.

Despite their recent track record in October, the Astros actually defied odds just by making it as far as they did. Houston opened the regular season 7-19, good for their worst start in 55 years, putting them behind the eight ball from the jump.

The Astros posted the best record in the AL from then on out, though, going 81-54 after April 25.

Detroit's own historic turnaround season will continue against the Cleveland Guardians in the ALDS, while Houston's has been cut short. It almost seems fitting that former Astros manager AJ Hinch, now in charge of the Tigers, was the man to get the job done.

This marks the first time the franchise has been swept out of the first round of the postseason since the 2001 NLDS. Kyle Tucker, Yordan Alvarez, Chas McCormick, Framber Valdez, Hunter Brown and Bryan Abreu are among the long list of players on the Astros' playoff roster who have never had their big league season end this early.

Even Jose Altuve, Houston's longest-tenured star, was 26 years old the last time he failed to play baseball deep into October. Alex Bregman was a 22-year-old rookie.

Now, Altuve is entering his age-35 season and Bregman is a pending free agent. Future Hall of Fame pitcher Justin Verlander, who was left off the Astros' playoff roster due to late-season struggles, is set to have his contract expire as well, and it remains to be seen if he takes the mound in the big leagues again.

Wednesday marked more than a massive step forward for the Tigers, who won their first playoff series since 2013. It also signaled what could be the beginning of the end of the Astros' dynasty, which has loomed large over the rest of the league for a nearly a decade.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Oct 2, 2024|Modified Oct 2, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/houston-astros-swept-by-detroit-tigers-in-al-wild-card-series-dealing-blow-to-dynasty-alcs-streak-over-01j97bdf7atr 
 ----- 
