FIFA World Cup qualifiers 2024 as it happened: Pressure intensifies on Arnold after Socceroos’ goalless draw with Indonesia

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportSoccerFIFA World Cup

This was published 3 months ago

FIFA World Cup qualifiers 2024 as it happened: Pressure intensifies on Arnold after Socceroos’ goalless draw with Indonesia
By
Vince Rugari
Updated September 11, 2024 — 12.38amfirst published September 10, 2024 — 9.28pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
35
COMMENTS

View all comments

KEY POSTS
10.54pm	HALF-TIME: Indonesia 0-0 Australia
Hide key posts
Posts area
Latest posts
Pinned post from 12.38am on Sep 11, 2024
Pressure intensifies on Socceroos after limp 0-0 draw with Indonesia

The Socceroos’ hopes of direct qualification for the 2026 World Cup have taken another massive hit after being held to a frustrating 0-0 draw against Indonesia, increasing the pressure on coach Graham Arnold and his underperforming players.

The blowtorch was on the national team after last week’s shock 1-0 defeat to Bahrain on home soil, but for the second successive match to start the third round of Asian World Cup qualifying, they were held scoreless by a relative minnow of the confederation.

Awer Mabil cuts a picture of frustration.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

The result leaves them flagging in fifth position in Group C, already three points adrift of current leaders Saudi Arabia, who staged a come-from-behind 2-1 win over China after being reduced to 10 men.

And it sharpens the scrutiny on Arnold, his tactics and his selections, with the national team clearly struggling to function in attack against teams like Indonesia and Bahrain who sit back in numbers and defend – and while he is often criticised for his pragmatic, fairly rudimentary style of play, the coach was also clearly let down by a lack of quality from his players on the night.

This match was more open than the Bahrain clash, with Indonesia showing a little more dare, but still the Socceroos were dominant in all facets except for the one that matters: the score. They had 63 per cent of possession, 15 corners to three, and generated 19 shots on goal with five of them on target, all for naught in the end. Most of their play was again based on long balls, crosses and set pieces, but the delivery from dead-ball delivery men Craig Goodwin and Sam Silvera left plenty to be desired.

Australia’s best chance of the first half fell to Nestory Irankunda, who was handed a start by Arnold as one of five changes to the team that fell to Bahrain. Like he did so often for Adelaide United, Irankunda took a long-range shot from distance which rocketed into the right post and nearly deflected into the goal off the back of Indonesia’s goalkeeper Maarten Paes, who knew little about it.

Graham Arnold has some serious thinking to do.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

Adam Taggart also had a golden opportunity moments after he was introduced in the second half but directed his shot straight at Paes from almost point-blank range.

This is only the second time in their past 10 meetings that the Socceroos have dropped points to Indonesia. Ranked 133 in the world, the hosts were backed by a ferocious crowd of nearly 80,000 fans at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta, and rode their support right to the end.

Next month, the Socceroos face China at Adelaide Oval and then travel for a daunting showdown with rivals and likely group pacesetters Japan. Anything less than a win over China will further imperil hopes of a two-two finish in Group C and lead to further questioning on if Arnold is the right man to take them forward to the 2026 World Cup.

LATEST POSTS
 12.29am On Sep 11, 2024
Graham Arnold: “Extremely disappointed”
 12.17am On Sep 11, 2024
Nestory Irankunda speaks: “It was our game all along.”
 12.05am On Sep 11, 2024
FULL-TIME: Indonesia 0-0 Australia

There goes Australia’s last chance of the match - a free kick from the left flank. Sam Silvera stood over it, all the bodies were in the box… and he blows it. It goes out for a goal kick.

And that’s it. The whistle has gone. FULL-TIME: Australia has been held to a 0-0 draw by Indonesia in Jakarta.

Huge, huge disappointment for the Socceroos.

Advertisement
 12.00am On Sep 11, 2024
Silvera cops a yellow

...and deservedly so for pulling on the jersey of Wahyu Prasetyo as he threatened to break dangerously for Indonesia. They’re looking good for a point here. What an achievement that’d be for them - and what a disappointment for the Socceroos if they can’t find a winner.

Indonesia 0-0 Australia, 90+3 minutes

 11.58pm On Sep 10, 2024
Six minutes of stoppage time to come

Sam Silvera battles for the ball with Rizki Ridho.
CREDIT:
AP

 11.54pm On Sep 10, 2024
Arnold makes another sub

...it’s left-back Aziz Behich off and Kye Rowles on. The Socceroos now have four natural centre-backs across their defensive line.

Indonesia 0-0 Australia, 86 minutes

Advertisement
 11.53pm On Sep 10, 2024
Still nothing

Less than seven minutes to go now. The Socceroos are still on level terms with Indonesia… and now they’ll have a corner. Six minutes to go. This is excruciating. Avoiding defeat would be great and all, but a draw is hardly a satisfactory result… can Indonesia hold on? Sam Silvera with the corner… Harry Souttar is there at the back post but his header can’t find a way through. Another set piece repelled.

Five minutes to go...

Indonesia 0-0 Australia, 85 minutes

 11.45pm On Sep 10, 2024
Mabil’s header is off target

There’s another good chance, with Awer Mabil getting on the end of a cross - his header is wide, and Graham Arnold throws his hands to his head. Time is running out for the Socceroos...

Indonesia 0-0 Australia, 78 minutes

 11.42pm On Sep 10, 2024
Corner count going up, and up

We’re up to three bazillion corner kicks for Australia - the latest, delivered by Awer Mabil, finds Cameron Burgess at the back post, but his header can’t find the net. And they really need to find the net. There’s 15 minutes to go and this game is up for grabs. Who has the quality to break the deadlock?

Indonesia 0-0 Australia, 75 minutes

LATEST

1 of 5

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Roosters playmaker sentenced after man loses two toes
100,000 fans will hit streets in protest if Tigers kicked out of merger, says Balmain legend
Leo Thompson rejects Knights offer, set to leave club
How Isa Guha’s on-air gaffe exposed tensions off the pitch
Fox commentator Isa Guha apologises after describing Indian bowler Bumrah as a ‘primate’
‘You’ve got to keep the faith’: Centurion Smith says he never doubted ability
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2024

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/fifa-world-cup-qualifiers-2024-live-updates-socceroos-v-indonesia-20240910-p5k9dn.html 
 ----- 
