SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Socceroos draw 0-0 with Indonesia as hopes of direct World Cup qualification for Australia start to fade

Topic:
Soccer

Tue 10 Sep
Tuesday 10 September

Nestory Irankunda was a rare shining light in an otherwise frustrating performance from the Socceroos against Indonesia. (Getty Images: Matt Roberts)

In short:

The Socceroos drew with Indonesia 0-0 having lost to Bahrain in their first group stage match.

The draw means Australia sits fifth in their group of six, needing to finish top two to automatically qualify.

What's next?

Australia's next match is on October 10 against the bottom of the group China.

abc.net.au/news/socceroos-v-indonesia-world-cup-qualifier-ends-in-draw/104335844
Link copied
Share article

Nestory Irankunda will head back to Bayern Munich determined to quickly improve so he can "dominate" World Cup qualifying and salvage the Socceroos' flagging campaign.

The teen sensation was a clear shining light in his second start, and fourth cap overall, as Australia slumped to a frustrating 0-0 draw with Indonesia in Jakarta on Tuesday night.

Irankunda, 18, will now return to the Bundesliga powerhouse, where he has impressed since signing earlier this year, ahead of October's matches against China and Japan.

"I felt like a better player compared to my first start," Irankunda said.

"Obviously I had my chances, created chances as well, was unlucky to get subbed off a bit early but that's just how football is and I'm pretty happy with my performance, honestly.

"Hopefully I can go back over to Germany, work on my craft and try some new things, try and improve and come back and start dominating this group stage."

Irankunda's performance, as a second striker alongside Mitch Duke, included a scintillating first-half strike that just clipped the post then deflected off Indonesia's goalkeeper to safety.

"It was just a bit unlucky," he said.

"I hit it perfectly, just one centimetre away and obviously that happens in football but we go again in the next round."

Irankunda's chance was one of 19 Socceroos shots in a frustrating night.

"It was our game all along. We should have won it," Irankunda added.

"We had our chances in the first half and second half but we should have put them away in the first half. We just got unlucky.

"But we still had the fight and we tried our best to try and win the game still.

"We were dominating the whole game."

The draw compounds Australia's horror first-up loss to Bahrain, with hopes of a top-two finish in group C and a direct qualification spot fading.

The Socceroos currently sit fifth in the group of six.

But Irankunda played down any concerns.

"No, we're not panicking at all. We're not panicking. No need to panic," he said.

"It's great to have such a huge crowd. They did give us some trouble but we kept our heads and we still have the fight.

"One point is OK but we would have liked to have three."

Arnold 'disappointed' after two games the Socceroos should have won

Already under pressure, Graham Arnold concedes he'll have some thinking to do to turn the Socceroos's fortunes around.

But the Socceroos boss remains adamant direct qualification to football's showpiece tournament isn't yet out of reach.

In stark contrast to qualifying for Qatar 2022, which started brightly then dramatically fell away — forcing Australia to take the play-off route — this time around, the Socceroos have started on the back foot.

As the Socceroos fumbled against Indonesia, piling pressure on Arnold, Saudi Arabia came from a goal down, with 10 men, to beat China 2-1 then Japan thrashed Bahrain 5-0 .

They top the group with two wins with Saudi Arabia in second on four points.

Graham Arnold watches on as Australia could only manage a 0-0 draw against Indonesia. (Getty Images: Robertus Pudyanto)

"We should have won and won comfortably. We had the chances, we missed chances — again," Arnold told reporters.

"Look, I can only do so much, I can't play the game for them.

"And at the end of the day, we should have beaten Bahrain — we missed chances — and today we should have won comfortably and we missed chances.

"So I'm as disappointed probably as every other Australian is.

"But there's another eight games to go and the goal is always to qualify direct but you have those extra play-off spots.

"For me at this moment, I'm just frustrated and I just need to go home to Australia and have a really good think about things."

There is plenty to think about ahead of hosting China in a must-win clash in Adelaide on October 10, then playing Japan away five days later.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Chief among those will clearly be finding a way to score after the Socceroos once again failed to bury clear-cut chances despite clear improvement on the Bahrain performance.

That included a period of dominance at the back end of the first half.

"I saw the boys put in a lot of effort and they worked extremely hard," Arnold said.

"Again, we created five or six chances and It's no surprise that the man of the match was the goalkeeper for Indonesia because he made a lot of good saves

"But for us, it's hurtful because obviously again, not putting the ball in the back of the net, it's something that's been going on for a year where we should have won games, even against the biggest teams in the world.

"But not putting the ball in the back of the net, obviously it hurts and we don't get the points."

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 10 Sep 2024 at 9:19pm
Tuesday 10 Sep 2024 at 9:19pm
, updated Tue 10 Sep 2024 at 9:42pm
Tuesday 10 Sep 2024 at 9:42pm
Related topics

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Family holiday becomes 'worst nightmare' after Fiji alcohol poisoning

Topic:
Travel Health and Safety

Photo shows A picture of a sunny resort in Fiji
'High-value prisoner': The 12-year fight to find an American captured in Syria
Government announces $40m a year funding boost for ABC

Topic:
ABC

Woman who threw milkshake at Nigel Farage handed jail sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Assad denies planning to flee Syria in first comments from Moscow

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Just In
Assad denies planning to flee Syria in first comments from Moscow

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

48m ago
48 minutes ago
Community has say as parliamentary inquiry visits Collie for nuclear hearing

Topic:
Nuclear Energy

1h ago
1 hours ago
Woman who threw milkshake at Nigel Farage handed jail sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

29m ago
29 minutes ago
Driver jailed for running over calves in 'sadistic' act of animal cruelty

Topic:
Animal Cruelty

3h ago
3 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-09-11/socceroos-v-indonesia-world-cup-qualifier-ends-in-draw/104335844 
 ----- 
