Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
LA Clippers Release Player After NBA Preseason Game
The Clippers have announced a roster move.
Joey Linn | Oct 9, 2024
LA Clippers coach Tyronn Lue at Crypto.com Arena. / Kirby Lee-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Clippers

The LA Clippers have played two NBA preseason games. Falling at the buzzer against the Golden State Warriors in Hawaii, the Clippers bounced back with a win against the Brooklyn Nets in Oceanside.

Now heading to Seattle for a preseason game against the Portland Trail Blazers, the Clippers are looking to continue their momentum from the win against Brooklyn.

The Clippers brought several players into camp who do not project to make their standard roster or even earn a two-way spot, but are likely to join the San Diego Clippers (LA’s G League affiliate). This is common for NBA teams in training camp.

One of these players is former Baylor guard RayJ Dennis. It was announced by the Clippers on Wednesday that Dennis had been waived.

Playing five collegiate seasons, Dennis spent two seasons at Boise State, two at Toledo, and one at Baylor. The 6-foot-2 guard was the 2022-23 MAC POY.

In a corresponding move, the Clippers announced they had signed Elijah Harkless. Both players could end up in Oceanside playing for LA’s G League affiliate.

The Clippers played Tuesday’s preseason game at the brand new Frontwave Arena, which is the home of their recently rebranded San Diego Clippers G League team. Clippers head coach Ty Lue has been giving the team’s younger players opportunities in the second half of these preseason games.

Related Articles

Steph Curry References James Harden's Iconic Shot During Olympics Celebration

Patrick Beverley's Honest Quote on Former Clippers Teammate Kawhi Leonard

France Basketball Veteran, Clippers Player Announces Olympics Retirement

Published Oct 9, 2024
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/la-clippers-release-player-after-nba-preseason-game-01j9sebr7cbc 
 ----- 
