Friday, January 10, 2025, 5:12PM |   19°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
5
MORE
Pirates’ bullpen blows another game in loss to Cardinals
David Bednar, Jalen Beeks combined to surrender six runs in the bottom of the seventh
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 19, 2024 2:39 AM
79

ST. LOUIS — Just 10 games remain in the Pirates’ 2024 season. For Derek Shelton’s bullpen, those contests can’t go by soon enough.

Entering the year viewed as the club’s top strength, the reserve unit of arms has been the unquestioned weakness for Pittsburgh in 2024. That trend continued Wednesday evening at Busch Stadium, as David Bednar and Jalen Beeks combined to surrender six runs in the bottom of the seventh, paving the way for a 10-5 loss to the Cardinals.

“We thought it was going to be a strength,” Shelton said. “We’ve battled some injuries there and we’ve battled inconsistency there, for sure. It’s something we have to look at because we did think that was going to be a strength of our club.”

Toeing the rubber with a 5-4 advantage, Bednar needed only one at-bat to let his lead slip away, surrendering a game-tying home run to Masyn Winn to start his outing. After getting Alec Burleson to ground out to short, Paul Goldschmidt reached on an error and Nolan Arenado walked, bringing an all too familiar premature end to the former closer’s day.

 
Joe Starkey
Joe Starkey: Bob Nutting’s greatest shame — if he’s capable of shame — should be watching the Milwaukee Brewers

Beeks replaced Bednar, looking to limit damage. But instead, he was less effective, allowing each of the first five batters he faced to reach base. Jordan Walker had the most costly at-bat of the bunch, smacking a bases loaded double down the left field line to plate three runs and make the score to 10-5.

“We can’t walk guys,” Shelton said. “We got into the seventh with no walks and then we had three in that inning and one the next inning. It cannot be on free passes.”

Deflated by another bullpen meltdown, a once red-hot Pirates’ lineup that tallied 12 hits in the first seven innings faded away quietly into the St. Louis night, providing little fight in its final two trips to the plate. The loss marked No. 81 on the season for the Pirates, ensuring they will go without a winning record for the 28th time since 1992.

On the mound

Jake Woodford failed to replicate the success Paul Skenes and Bailey Falter had against the Cardinals in the previous two days, but was good enough to keep his club in the game. Recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis prior to the start of Wednesday’s contest to face his former team, Woodford’s final line was four runs, all earned, on eight hits with five strikeouts over 4 ⅔ innings.

“I just tried to go out there and go as long as I could until they took the ball from me basically,” Woodford said. “My outings recently have kind of been shorter here and there, there’s been a lot of rest in between so I didn’t know how long I’d get to go. Just focused on getting as many outs as I could.”

Brendan Donovan plated the first two on a home run to right field in the bottom of the second. Back-to-back RBI hits from Goldschmidt and Arenado generated the other pair of runs the following inning. Woodford exited the game with two on and two outs in the bottom of the fifth. Joey Wentz finished the fifth frame for Woodford without allowing any additional damage.

Colin Holderman followed with a scoreless sixth, keeping the Pirates’ lead intact until Bednar took over in the seventh. Ryan Borucki also had a fine outing, pitching the bottom of the eighth without allowing a run.

 
Andrew Destin
Bednar brothers looking forward to overdue offseason of throwing, training together
At the plate

The Pirates received notable production from a pair of their rookie newcomers.

For the second time in as many games, Nick Yorke finished with a multi-hit effort, going 2-for-4 with a pair of singles, a stolen base, an RBI and a run scored. Billy Cook had the biggest hit of the evening for Pittsburgh, smashing a three-run homer to right-center field to put the Pirates ahead 5-4 in the top of the sixth. The longball marked the first of his big league career.

"It felt good off the bat,” Cook said. “Thankful that it went out. Henry [Davis] and I said a little prayer before, 'Just please relax and just go see what happens,' and it worked out. Thank you to the heavenly father. Feels really good. Keep going. It was a big part of the game too, so, just trying to help them win again and see what happens moving forward."

In total, six of the nine Pirates starters tallied a multi-hit game. Cook added another hit to his credit in the top of the ninth inning. Andrew McCutchen, Nick Gonzales, Jared Triolo and Isiah Kiner-Falefa also had two hits in the loss.

They said it

“We haven’t had any conversations like that,” Shelton said when asked if the club has considered shutting David Bednar down for the remainder of the year. “As long as he is healthy, we’re going to continue. I think it’s important to figure out how to get him right. His last outing was good and two outings before was good, so I think we just need to find some consistency there. That would be really important.”

Up next

Thursday: Pirates at Cardinals, 7:15 p.m., Busch Stadium

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable starters: RHP Luis Ortiz (6-6, 3.45) for Pirates; RHP Erick Fedde (8-9, 3.45) for Cardinals

Key matchup: Ortiz will be making his first start on the road since tossing 6.0 scoreless innings at Cleveland on Aug. 31 in the team's 3-0 shutout.

Hidden stat: Bryan De La Cruz has hit safely in each of his last eight games against St. Louis.

Friday: Pirates at Reds, 6:40 p.m., Great American Ballpark, Cincinnati.

Probable pitchers: TBA for Pirates; TBA are Reds.

First Published: September 19, 2024, 2:39 a.m.
Updated: September 19, 2024, 10:54 a.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
SPORTS
Penn State unable to overcome familiar issues in Orange Bowl defeat
BUSINESS
Well plugging in Western Pa. could speed up under deal reached with West Virginia landowners
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
2
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 10:30am  Gerry Dulac
3
NEWS
Donald Trump sentenced in hush money case, but judge issues no jail time or punishment
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 2:57pm  Michael R. Sisak, Jennifer Peltz And Jake Offenhartz
4
NEWS
What to know about norovirus as it surges in Allegheny County and beyond
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 9:00am  Hanna Webster
5
SPORTS
Penn State unable to overcome familiar issues in Orange Bowl defeat
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 11:09am  Joel Haas
ASSOCIATED PRESS
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after Penn State's CFP loss to Notre Dame
3 Steelers named NFL All-Pros, led by pair of 1st-teamers
Pitt-Louisville preview: Cardinals roll into Pittsburgh riding long winning streak
WATCH: Why is there a lack of buzz for Steelers-Ravens?
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/18/pittsburgh-pirates-bullpen-cardinals-mlb-nl-central-david-bednar-jalen-beeks/stories/202409170061 
 ----- 
