Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
‘They will lick their wounds and come back very annoyed’
Ross Clarke, Sports Editor
Created: Oct 15, 2024 08:00 AM (Updated: Oct 15, 2024 09:23 PM)
0 Comments
86
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Team spirit was a feature of Bermuda’s 6-1 win over Dominica in the Nations League on Saturday (Photograph by Blaire Simmons)

Bermuda’s footballers will be heading into their next Concacaf Nations League match against Dominica on Tuesday night with confidence riding high.

It would be hard to not get carried away knowing you are playing the same team just three days after beating them 6-1, you have the returning Nahki Wells scoring from all angles and the opposing captain Briel Thomas is suspended after being sent off in the game on Saturday night.

But confidence can sometimes breed complacency and head coach Michael Findlay, who eloquently expressed his pride in the team’s performance in the aftermath of their stunning victory at the weekend, is warning his players to expect better from Dominica this time around.

“In the first 15-20 minutes of the second half we seemed to drop because we had the early success and that’s the next challenge we’re going to have,” Findlay said.

“We can’t go into Tuesday thinking that is just going to happen again because they are going to go away, lick their wounds and come back very annoyed.

The games come thick and fast in international football with just 72 hours between the two Nations League matches and Findlay has had a lot to pack in, with analysis of the game running parallel with ensuring any injuries are treated and players can recuperate as quickly as possible.

“First and foremost it is about recovery and regeneration,” Findlay said.

“It’s a quick turnaround as international football is but we’ll look at the film, the selections, we’ll look at what we feel we did well but we’ll certainly keep the tempo high.

“That’s why we rolled people in as we felt we wanted to make sure we had enough in the tank to go again on Tuesday. We’ll look at that and make our decisions and deal with all the changes that may or may not happen.”

A feature of the win against Dominica was the noticeable team spirit among Bermuda’s players, with every goal sparking sprints towards the scorer from pretty much everybody on the pitch bar goalkeeper Dale Eve, and Findlay is keen to emphasise the closeness of the squad.

“From a mental point of view, it’s really nice to see that and you saw the celebrations from the players, they are a very tight-knit group and they are a group that felt badly about some of the results lately,” Findlay said.

“I’m more pleased for them and what it’s doing for their confidence. Hopefully we can reset ourselves and have a similar performance on Tuesday night because we need it if we are going to be in the final game on November 19 with a chance of getting to the Gold Cup.

“That means getting a similar results on Tuesday. We need three points for sure but if we can do something similar, we’ll be really pleased.”

With a hat-trick and an assist, the returning Nahki Wells obviously attracted the majority of attention but the result was a reflection of a near-flawless display and the coach wants to ensure that players in all departments receive the plaudits their performance deserved.

“No one can deny that the quality of Nahki Wells is going to change the team always,” Findlay said.

“We’re hopeful going forward here that everybody is fit, healthy and ready for selection, but we also rolled some players in that had been working very hard and they got on the scoresheet too.

“We also know that if we’re secure at the back we can be successful at the front.

“You can see we’re a team that likes to manipulate the ball, we want to play with our back four and our pivots having the ball. We want that because we feel that if we control the tempo and pace of the game we will probably have more success over time.

“I’m pleased with the defence and I’m pleased with Dale and I know they will be annoyed because they gave up a goal.”

A Flourish table
RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL
Related Stories
Shaun Goater targets improvement after Aston Villa's momentum swing
Festive football fixtures revealed
Resurgent Town up to second after goal-fest
Goater wins first match in charge of Aston Villa Women
86
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published October 15, 2024 at 8:00 am (Updated October 15, 2024 at 9:23 pm)
‘They will lick their wounds and come back very annoyed’
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/16/2024
Sacked police officer offers ‘true context’ of dismissal
12/16/2024
Man in hospital after firearms incident
12/15/2024
Pigs take flight after two-day layover in Bermuda
12/17/2024
Cup Match star murdered
12/15/2024
Thousands thrilled as motocross makes spectacular return to Coney Island
12/16/2024
Mother-daughter duo celebrate Call to the Bar
12/16/2024
Bermuda Laser Clinic opens
12/14/2024
Police superintendent fired for poor conduct

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
FURBERT, MYRTLE SOPHONIA
GRAY, GILLIAN E.
Kempe, Jill Elizabeth
RATTERAY, JOSEPH NELSON
RUBAINE, DOROTHY HOPE
Simons, Nelson C.
TACKLYN, KEITH ANDRE

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20241015/they-will-lick-their-wounds-and-come-back-very-annoyed/ 
 ----- 
