Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
NFL Pro Bowl rosters are here
Ohio State overwhelms Oregon
Longhorns win in 2OT
No record: Saquon Barkley to sit
Sugar Bowl postponed to Thursday
USMNT survives in Trinidad, and qualifies for its true pre-2026 World Cup test
Henry Bushnell
Senior reporter
Tue, Nov 21, 2023·3 min read
6
Antonee Robinson of the United States celebrates a goal against Trinidad and Tobago at Hasely Crawford Stadium on November 20, 2023 in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.

Angst accumulated for 81 minutes last Thursday in Austin, and lingered around the U.S. men's national team into this week. It lingered despite three late goals against Trinidad and Tobago, which made Monday's trip to Port of Spain a near-formality. It lingered because the Americans labored in a way they often have under Gregg Berhalter, floundering in the final third. It reappeared Monday night when Sergiño Dest picked up an inexplicably stupid red card, and Trinidad and Tobago took a 2-1 lead later.

But in the end, with a 4-2 aggregate win, the USMNT wrapped up this two-leg CONCACAF Nations League quarterfinal — and qualified for two tournaments that will offer much more applicable tests.

First up, in March, are another round of Nations League finals. Next up, and foremost, is Copa América 2024. South American giants will visit the United States in the summer. The USMNT will join them for a 16-team fiesta that will serve as a 2026 World Cup dress rehearsal in every possible way.

It will generate buzz.

It will test event management systems in host cities.

It will also bring opponents and atmospheres that the USMNT rarely sees.

It will be a stark departure from a parked bus and empty seats in Austin, from a patchy pitch and sleepy second leg in Trinidad. It will be nothing like a stodgy duel with Canada, nor a feel-good Ghanaian romp. It will feature Brazil and Argentina, but also Uruguay, Colombia, Ecuador, Chile, Paraguay, Venezuela — teams that the USMNT could very well meet in the 2026 World Cup knockout rounds, none of whom would sit in a 5-4-1 and essentially decline to attack.

Scruffy CONCACAF games, like Thursday's and Monday's, used to be the barometer by which USMNTs were judged. Could they ram through sturdy defensive roadblocks? Could they cope with unfamiliar elements and exhibit mental toughness on the road? They had to in order to qualify for World Cups. They didn't in 2017. So those questions, and related ones, trailed Berhalter through his first four-year cycle on the job.

But they're no longer the relevant questions. The USMNT qualified for 2022, and won't have to for 2026. It has, in the meantime, established itself as the class of CONCACAF. Its ambitions are loftier — and so, the barometer has changed.

Yunus Musah (6) of the United States is marked by Real Gill (10) of Trinidad and Tobago at Hasely Crawford Stadium on November 20, 2023 in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.

It might need to crack one low block in the 2026 group stage. But as the top seed in a four-team group from which three can advance, the U.S. will be heavily favored to reach the round of 32, even with one slip-up. It will be those knockout games, against top-25 teams in the world, that will make or break this entire World Cup cycle.

And top-25 teams are the ones that Berhalter's USMNT simply haven't beaten outside CONCACAF.

It's the two-sided games against superior teams, or at least comparable ones, that will determine whether the USMNT reaches a quarterfinal or semi. It's precision and tactical balance, plus luck and a host of other factors, that will determine whether they'll do what they've set out to: "Change soccer in America forever."

What mattered Thursday and Monday, therefore, was neither style points nor experimentation. It was booking those true tests.

The USMNT will learn its Copa América opponents at a Dec. 7 draw in Miami. The tournament will kick off June 20 in Atlanta. And over a few weeks in June and July, we will learn more than ever before about the USMNT's 2026 World Cup readiness.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
‘I don’t know what targeting is’: Did a non-call cost Arizona State a playoff game?

Officials opted not to flag Texas for targeting at a crucial point in the Peach Bowl, a non-call that left many scratching their heads.

34m ago
Yahoo Sports
Biggest Pro Bowl snubs: Baker Mayfield and a few others should feel slighted

Who should have made the Pro Bowl but was left out?

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
South Carolina coach Shane Beamer has to be restrained after Illinois' Bret Bielema taunts USC sideline with substitution gesture

"Beamer could hardly believe it at first. He taunted Shane Beamer, and Beamer had enough and snapped," ESPN sideline reporter Quint Kessenich said.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Pro Bowl 2025 rosters announced: 9 Ravens to represent AFC, no Patrick Mahomes or Baker Mayfield

The Dolphins, Saints, Jets, and Titans were the only teams to not have players named to either roster

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cowboys grant Ezekiel Elliott's request to be released

Elliott returned the Cowboys after signing a 1-year deal in April.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Baker Mayfield gifts Buccaneers lineman personalized cookies with milk

Tampa Bay's blockers didn't get cars or swords, but don't need to pay insurance and taxes for cookies.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
'Undeniable': The remarkable season of Cam Skattebo and Arizona State comes to a close

Cam Skattebo gave Arizona State everything he had, and nearly pulled off the College Football Playoff's greatest upset.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 16 Start 'Em, Sit 'Em

Fear not, fantasy managers. Dalton Del Don is here to help with your most challenging lineup decisions in Week 16 with start/sit advice for every remaining game on the slate.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
Binge, Stream, Skip: Week 16 Fantasy Football

Fantasy football analyst Matt Harmon breaks down every game on the Week 16 slate ahead.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
Keys to a fantasy football victory in Week 16

Fantasy football analyst Sal Vetri offers his key findings that will lead you a victory in Week 16.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
Saints rule out Derek Carr, Alvin Kamara, Chris Olave for Week 16 MNF matchup vs. Packers

Carr and Kamara did not practice all week, while Olave was a limited participant.

12d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 16 conviction picks

The Yahoo team delivers their most steadfast predictions for Week 16 fantasy football.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 16 WR rankings (Half-PPR)

The fantasy football experts of Yahoo Fantasy reveal their Week 16 wide receiver rankings for half-PPR leagues.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 16 defense rankings

The fantasy football experts of Yahoo Fantasy reveal their Week 16 defense rankings.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Week 16 recap: McCarthy's last stand, Daniels is ROY, Ben Johnson flirts with Bears | Yahoo Fantasy Forecast

Week 16's Sunday slate is in the books and there were performances and injuries that will have long term fantasy implications. Andy Behrens joins Matt Harmon to breakdown all the action and place the games in three categories: Games we care about the most, games we sort of care about and games that could have been an email.

10d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 16 WR rankings (Full-PPR)

The Yahoo Fantasy team reveals their Week 16 PPR wide receiver rankings.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Jalen McMillan among top sleeper picks for Week 16

Many fantasy football managers still need to dig deep, even in the playoff semifinals. Scott Pianowski is here to help.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 16 FLEX rankings (Half-PPR)

The Yahoo Fantasy team reveals their Week 16 half-PPR flex rankings.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
The Playlist: Week 9 waiver wire pickups and previewing a star-studded Christmas slate

Dan Titus previews the Week 9 fantasy hoops slate, including revealing his top adds and the challenges the holiday schedule brings.

10d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Backup RBs we might need to start in the playoff semifinals

The road to a fantasy football championship isn't always well-paved. Analyst Pranav Rajaram sifts through several backup RBs managers might need to rely on in Week 16.

15d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/usmnt-trinidad-nations-league-copa-america-015341898.html 
 ----- 
