Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with $15 per month
Support us
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
View image in fullscreen
Victorian state MP Moira Deeming says she has ‘no option but to lodge my defamation case’ against Liberal leader John Pesutto. Photograph: Joel Carrett/AAP
Victorian politics
 This article is more than 1 year old
Victorian Liberal leader John Pesutto vows to fight defamation action by expelled MP Moira Deeming
This article is more than 1 year old

First-term MP says mediation with the party leader failed, as she seeks to return to the Liberal party room

Follow our Australia news live blog for latest updates
Get our morning and afternoon news emails, free app or daily news podcast
Australian Associated Press
Mon 20 Nov 2023 06.41 GMT
Share

Victorian Liberal leader John Pesutto says he will vigorously defend himself and his party in defamation proceedings to be launched by dumped MP Moira Deeming.

The first-term MP was expelled from the parliamentary Liberal party after she took part in an anti-transgender rally in March that was gatecrashed by a group of masked men who performed Nazi salutes.

Sign up for Guardian Australia’s free morning and afternoon email newsletters for your daily news roundup

Deeming has issued several defamation concerns notices to Pesutto relating to his post-event comments, alleging he publicly accused her of being a Nazi sympathiser.

Pesutto denies he accused the now independent MP of being a Nazi or having Nazi sympathies.

In September, a three-hour mediation session between the pair failed to reach an outcome.

Moira Deeming and the Liberals: why the Victorian MP has caused such a stir in a short period of time
Read more

She had been seeking an exoneration from Pesutto, her return to the Liberal party room and financial restoration.

Deeming said she made one last attempt to mediate, offering to meet with Pesutto and state party president Phil Davies on Sunday afternoon.

“Unfortunately, the mediation failed,” she said in a statement on Monday.

“It is therefore with great regret as a current Liberal Party member, that I am now left with no option but to lodge my defamation case against Mr Pesutto in court.

“For the sake of my family, I have to bring this matter to a conclusion as it has dominated our lives for most of this year.”

Lawyers for Deeming plan to lodge the case with the federal court this week.

Pesutto said he had met Deeming on multiple occasions for mediation and he genuinely tried to reach a mutually acceptable outcome.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Morning Mail

Free daily newsletter

Our Australian morning briefing breaks down the key stories of the day, telling you what’s happening and why it matters

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

“The issue has always been whether Mrs Deeming called out or distanced herself from neo-Nazi protesters and references when asked to do so by senior Liberals,” he said in a statement on Monday.

“I will vigorously defend the Liberal Party and myself in any proceedings and will not be asking the party to cover any legal fees.”

Deeming has also vowed no Liberal or taxpayer funds will be used in her legal action but has been asking for donations from the public.

Liberal MPs voted 19 to 11 to expel Deeming for “bringing discredit” to the party in May after she threatened to sue Pesutto.

An earlier bid to expel her, led by Pesutto and supported by a 15-page dossier, failed to garner enough support.

A compromise was struck, with Deeming initially accepting a nine-month suspension and losing her role as upper-house whip.

She remains a rank-and-file member of the Victorian Liberal party.

Explore more on these topics
Victorian politics
Victoria
Liberal party
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2023/nov/20/moira-deeming-defamation-claim-against-victorian-liberal-leader-john-pesutto-in-court 
 ----- 
