English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Bangladesh - Who will win T20 match between India and Bangladesh?

T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Bangladesh - Who will win T20 match between India and Bangladesh?
With momentum on Bangladesh's side, it will be interesting to see how India better them.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 31 Oct 2022 12:30 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 02 November 2022
Time : 01:30 PM IST
Venue : Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
Ball-by-ball commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

India’s winning streak of two games was finally broken on Sunday (30 October) as South Africa beat them by five wickets. The Rohit Sharma-led team could not tackle the South African pacers on a bouncy Perth wicket and posted a below-par total. Although the Indian pacers did create a few chances, India’s sloppiness in the field spoiled those efforts. Meanwhile, Bangladesh registered a victory over Zimbabwe by three runs in what was a dramatic thriller. The Tigers have won two out of the three games they have played and have a chance to qualify for the semifinals. With momentum on Bangladesh's side, it will be interesting to see how India better them. 

Pitch Report

The Adelaide pitch has not been used so far in the T20 World Cup 2022. Generally, the Adelaide Oval is reckoned to be the best batting wicket in Australia. With flat pitches, batsmen are expected to enjoy their time in the middle. Meanwhile, bowlers will have to be extra cautious with their lengths.

Team Analysis

India

Team India’s batting woes were exposed in their game against South Africa. Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli succumbed to short balls while KL Rahul once again failed miserably. It was the third consecutive failure for Rahul in as many games. Nevertheless, he is expected to get a place in the playing XI against Bangladesh. While others failed, Suryakumar Yadav took the attack to the opposition, eventually scoring 68 runs off 40 balls. The batter was affluent in his innings. In bowling, India have faced no issues so far. The pace trio of Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Arshdeep Singh, and Mohammed Shami have been exceptional. R Ashwin leaked runs against South Africa, but it was not an ideal wicket for a spinner. So, India just need to sort out their batting woes. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant, Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel, R Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh

Bangladesh

Bangladesh almost gifted Zimbabwe a win in their last game as wicketkeeper Nurul Hasan erred on the last ball of the 20th over. Nevertheless, Mosaddek Hossain kept his cool and ensured a victory for Bangladesh. Earlier, Najmul Hossain Shanto scored a half-century (71) to propel Bangladesh to a fighting total when other batters failed. With the ball, Taskin Ahmed (3/19) and Mustafizur Rahman (2/15) wreaked havoc on Zimbabwe upfront. Bangladesh lacked potency in the middle overs as spinners leaked runs. But, in the end, Bangladesh managed a win and that’s what matters the most. Now, they have a tough opponent in India. The Tigers will have to sweat hard if they are to beat the top ranked T20I side. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of Bangladesh

Najmul Hossain Shanto, Soumya Sarkar, Litton Das, Shakib Al Hasan, Afif Hossain, Mosaddek Hossain, Nurul Hasan, Yasir Ali, Hasan Mahmud, Mustafizur Rahman, Taskin Ahmed

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

Although Bangladesh have momentum on their side, India is a more complete side. The Rohit Sharma-led team has all the required resources to beat Bangladesh and thus they are the favourites to win the game on Wednesday.

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

T20 World Cup 2022Who will winIndia and Bangladesh
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-ban-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-t20-world-cup-match-between-india-and-bangladesh-win-prediction-ind-vs-ban-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
