English
HomeLatest NewsWebstoryDNA HindiAutomobileEducationVideosBusinessPhotosIndia
ADVERTISEMENT
Headlines

Mallika Sherawat says Bruno Mars sang Just the Way You Are for her 'personally', reveals Barack Obama asked her to...

'Bahut ho gaya’: Gautam Gambhir lashes out at senior cricketer's unrealistic captaincy aspirations, vows strict action..

Players and teams ruling the roost in the 2024-25 ISL season

Human Behaviour as the cornerstone to future proof cyber security challenges

Gen Beta is officially here! How their journeys will be shaped?

Shillong Teer Results TODAY January 1, 2025 Wednesday Live Updates: Check lucky winning numbers

Exploring K Raheja realty's role in sustainable real estate development

Yuvraj Singh, Irfan Pathan and other cricketers come together to wish fans a Happy New Year

Diljit Dosanjh faces trouble: Legal action taken after his concert in Ludhiana over alleged pro-alcohol songs

Parents of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji demand FBI probe after autopsy points to murder

'Great time to be...': NASA astronaut Sunita Williams to witness 16 sunrises, sunsets on Jan 1 from Space, check post

Olympic shooter Manu Bhaker wishes nation a Happy New Year, urges fans to adopt new resolution

Post-party blues? Here are top hangover remedies to get you back on track in 2025

From Credit Card to UPI to FD: Key changes in financial rules from January 1 that will affect common man

'Happy 2025': President Murmu, PM Modi, LoP Rahul Gandhi extend New Year greetings

Amid dating rumours with Abhishek Bachchan, Nimrat Kaur shares vacation video on New Year: '2025 here I...'

This man moved from India at 13, started his own company which is worth Rs 4171crore, closely related to Juhi Chawla

New Year's Eve: Virat Kohli spotted walking hand-in-hand with wife Anushka Sharma on streets of Sydney, WATCH viral clip

'Biwi Bhag Jayegi...': Gautam Adani's witty response to Narayana Murthy's 70-hour work week advise

10 major rules changing from January 1, 2025: How they will impact your pocket

Baby John box office collection day 7: Varun Dhawan film fails to impress fans, earns only Rs...

Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal celebrate New Year in Australia, enjoy spectacular fireworks in viral video: Watch

Delhi-NCR weather update: Air quality dips to 'poor category' with AQI 239, temperature drops to...

Nayanthara, Vignesh Shivan enjoy 'surreal night' with R Madhavan and his wife Sarita Birje, welcome 2025 from Dubai

Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity

New Year 2025: Google welcomes 2025 with mesmerising star-themed doodle

'Is Goa really empty?': Viral post during New Year festivities sparks debate online, netizens call it...

From Salman Khan's Sikandar' to Aamir Khan's Sitaare Zameen Par, War 2: Most-awaited movies of 2025

Hamas Commander Abd al-Hadi Sabah, leader of Oct 7 Kibbutz Nir Oz attack, eliminated in Israeli drone strike

Meet man, who co-founded Rs 2811 crore company, now got richer by Rs 780000000 by selling...

Meet one of the youngest Indian CEOs, who has net worth of Rs 4300 crore, runs company worth Rs...

Meet woman, who fought depression, bounced back to crack UPSC exam, now posted as....

DNA TV Show: Will there be a war between Pakistan and Afghan Taliban?

Pushpa 2: Aamir Khan congratulates Allu Arjun, team for blockbuster success

Delhi recorded 209 ‘good to moderate’ AQI in 2024, best since 2018

Noida Police to offer cabs for drunk partygoers on New Year's Eve; check details

Santosh Trophy 2024: Bengal beat Kerala 1-0 to win title for 33rd time

Tabu’s sister Farah Naaz would abuse herself, says Sujata Mehta: 'I would see marks on hands'

Deepika Padukone recalls taking first step towards committing her life to destigmatise mental illness: 'I took my...'

7th Pay Commission: Good news for govt employees of this state, 7% DA hiked from New Year 2025

Watch: Thousands of devotees throng Ram Temple to witness last arti of 2024

Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya

Star Wars actor Angus MacInnes passes away at 77

100 km and 12 days: World’s longest traffic jam happened in THIS country due to...

Anurag Kashyap says he is leaving Mumbai after being 'disgusted' by Bollywood: 'I'm so disappointed and...'

Australia welcomes New Year! Spectacular fireworks light the sky, WATCH viral video here

'Remove negative...': Ranveer Allahbadia aka Beer Biceps shares advice on career growth for New Year 2025

These countries welcome New Year first; check full list from first to last

New Year 2025 bank holiday: Are banks closed on January 1? Check here

New Year 2025: Countries that don’t celebrate January 1, here’s what they do

WATCH: New Zealand's Auckland welcomes New Year 2025 with fireworks, light show

WhatsApp Pay can now extend UPI services to all users in India as NPCI lifts...

Kate Beckinsale supports Blake Lively's sexual harassment case against Justin Baldoni, she was forced to do...

Mira Rajput says 'she is ready to fly', shares UNSEEN photos with Shahid Kapoor, shares her hopes for 2025

Happy New Year 2025: How New Year is celebrated across the world; know traditions, rituals

Ayush Mhatre breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's world record, becomes youngest player to...

This man was India's first billionaire, owned diamond paper weight, private airline, Rolls Royce, he was...

This is the 'poorest' CM of India, ruling state since 2011, holds assets worth just Rs...

Mukesh Ambani's Reliance spends Rs 111327 crore in five years on...

Meet man, who worked as sawmill operator, his father battled alcoholism, cracked UPSC exam, now posted as...

Happy New Year 2025: Celebrations begin! Know history, customs, significance and more

Kareena Kapoor Khan and Gloirio: Redefining Luxury Interiors Together

Prepp: Unlock 500% Reward on Cracking Any Government Exam

Most Famous and Best astrologer in India: Acharya Indravarman Reveals Best Practices in Vedic Astrology

Happy New Year 2025: Best wishes, WhatsApp messages, quotes to send to your family, friends

'Pushpa 2 makers should...': Pawan Kalyan breaks his silence after Allu Arjun's arrest in stampede death case

Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal 'jump off a plane', celebrate engagement anniversary on 'highest’ note: Watch

Rashmika Mandanna reacts to success of Animal, Pushpa 2, calls December her lucky month: 'When I get the whistles...'

ITR filing: CBDT extends deadline for filing belated, revised income tax return for AY 2024-25 by...

Elon Musk changes his name, profile picture on X after famous comic character, it is...

Arvind Kejriwal launches registration for Pujari Granthi Samman Yojana, to provide Rs.... to priests

New Year's Eve: Bengaluru bans whistling, facemasks in public places; 7500 CCTV cameras installed

2024 - The year of AI-driven transformation for businesses/AI adoption across industries

Former Indian cricketer Vinod Kambli dances to Chak De at hospital, watch viral video

After Aquaman 2 box office failure, Jason Momoa returns to James Gunn's DC Universe as...

Delhi Police holds cell block party for hooligans on New Year 2025

Aashiqui actress Anu Aggarwal gets brutally trolled for her party video: 'Don't ruin your history, this is so cheap'

Shardul Thakur's explosive 73 off 28 balls shines in Vijay Hazare Trophy after being overlooked for Australia Series

Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt officially divorced after 8 years of legal battle

Shah Rukh Khan praises PM Modi's WAVES Summit 2025: 'An occasion that champions and fosters creativity'

This is world's oldest wine, buried 2000 years ago in Spain, it belonged to...

North Korea's Kim Jong Un extends New Year greetings to 'dearest friend' Putin, expresses hope for Russia to achieve...

Yashasvi Jaiswal achieves rare feat, joins elite club of Sachin Tendulkar and Sunil Gavaskar with THIS record

Karan Johar takes a dig at New Year goals and promises with hilarious post: 'My goal in 2025...'

New Year's Eve: All about Delhi Police's traffic advisory; know routes to avoid and metro timings

Abhishek Bachchan prompted Sreejesh to say 'Anushka Didi', here's how Virat Kohli reacted

Keerthy Suresh reveals Samantha Ruth Prabhu's crucial role in her Bollywood debut in Baby John

Ananya Panday bids goodbye to 2024 on a positive note: 'Going into 2025 recharged'

This is richest chief minister in India, has net worth of Rs 930 crore, know where other CMs stand on the list

Kareena Kapoor Khan can't stop taking last few selfies ahead of New Year 2025

US to lose old ally over THIS reason? Reports claim Saudi Arabia wants to buy...

Who is Nimisha Priya? Indian nurse sentenced to death in Yemen for murder

He was India's first Muslim Chief Justice, went on to become acting President, was cremated not buried upon death due to

Who is Larry Fink? Man who manages more wealth than Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, his net worth is...

Shillong Teer Results TODAY December 31, 2024 Live Updates: Check lucky winning numbers

'Bring it on': Malaika Arora awaits to channel her 'Scorpio mood' in 2025 amid breakup with Arjun Kapoor; watch

Mohanlal REACTS to Barroz box office failure: 'Why should we...'

Sridevi was heartbroken after her breakup with Mithun Chakraborty, says Sujata Mehta: 'Unki shaadi bhi hui thi'

Baba Vanga and Nostradamus made chilling predictions for 2025: 'War in East, alien encounters and...'

Tejasswi Prakash trolled for showing her wound to paps as she gets spotted with Karan Kundrra: 'Ekdum nautanki baaz'

LATEST
WEBSTORY
TRENDING
Mallika Sherawat says Bruno Mars sang Just the Way You Are for her 'personally'
Gautam Gambhir lashes out at senior cricketer's unrealistic captaincy aspiration
Players and teams ruling the roost in the 2024-25 ISL season
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
ENTERTAINMENT
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Home
Cricket

CRICKET

IND vs BAN head-to-head record: How many times Bangladesh have beaten Team India

Check out the head-to-head record of Team India against Bangladesh in T20Is ahead of their meeting in T20 World Cup 2022 at Adelaide on November 2.

DNA Web Team

Updated : Nov 01, 2022, 11:02 PM IST | Edited by : Amrit Santlani

Team India and Bangladesh are set to lock horns at the T20 World Cup 2022 on November 2. It's going to be a high-stakes clash for both sides as they are currently tied on four points each in Group B standings. Historically Bangladesh haven't enjoyed much success against India, in the shortest format. 

Talking about the head-to-head record between India and Bangladesh, the Bangla Tigers have only beaten the Men in Blue once in T20I cricket. 

In total 3 matches played between the two sides in T20 World Cup history, India have prevailed thrice in 2009, 2014 and 2016.

TRENDING NOW
Who is Larry Fink? Man who manages more wealth than Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, his net worth is...
Delhi Weather Update: Cold wave intensifies in Delhi-NCR, temperature on New Year's Eve drops to...
Mohanlal REACTS to Barroz box office failure: 'Why should we...'
'Good to be back': After breaking up with Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor reunites with his 'partner-in-crime after ages'
Meet Pulkit Kejriwal, son of Arvind Kejriwal, who cracked IIT-JEE, went to IIT-Delhi, is now pursuing...
'Naa shakal naa surat...': Veteran actor says Priyanka Chopra refused to kiss him, got upset when he...
Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya
Bigg Boss 18: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, Vivian Dsena, Shilpa Shirodkar, Eisha Singh, and others in top 10
Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity
'I'm overjoyed to share...': Sachin Tendulkar makes huge announcement about daughter Sara Tendulkar, two months after...
Watch: Indonesian girls dance on 'Aaj ki raat' as local artist sings, video goes viral
Vedang Raina breaks silence on Jigra's dismal box office performance: 'When some people...'
Amid divorce rumours with Aishwarya Rai, Abhishek Bachchan admits 'I am not worthy of being...'

READ| Live | India vs Bangladesh T20 World Cup 2022 cricket match update: Predicted XI, trivia; Latest updates

 

Moreover, in total, India and Bangladesh have played each other on 11 occasions in the shortest format, with the Men in Blue enjoying 10 wins, while Bangladesh won just once. One game between India and Bangladesh ended in a draw. 

 

The last time India lost to their neighbours, it was during the last series between the two nations.

 

For India, their fourth Super 12 match against Group 2 opponents Bangladesh at the Adelaide Oval on Wednesday is a good opportunity to correct the wrongs from their five-wicket loss to South Africa at Perth in order to keep themselves in the hunt for a spot in semifinals.

 

READ| IND vs BAN: Virat Kohli spotted giving batting tips to KL Rahul amid rough patch, video goes viral

 

For starters, India would want for their top order to start firing in unison. Though Virat Kohli has been among the runs, they would wish for captain Rohit Sharma and a struggling KL Rahul to form a solid partnership with the bat.

 

The middle and lower order comprising Suryakumar, Hardik Pandya and Dinesh Karthik (if declared fit on morning of the match), would then have the job to double the score and indulge in some power-hitting if the top order fires.

 

With the ball, India need to decide how to make optimum use of the four overs from Ravichandran Ashwin, who can be handy against Bangladesh`s four left-handers, which also includes their captain Shakib Al Hasan, apart from getting their death-overs bowling right.

 

With inputs from IANS

Find your daily dose of All Latest News including Sports News, Entertainment News, Lifestyle News, explainers & more. Stay updated, Stay informed- Follow DNA on WhatsApp.
India vs BangladeshInd vs BanIndia vs Bangladesh head to head recordT20 World Cup 2022Team IndiaBangladesh
ADVERTISEMENT
VIDEO OF THE DAY

Lok Sabha Elections 2024: Anupamaa' Star Rupali Ganguly Joins BJP, Says 'Big Fan' Of PM Modi

Watch more
LIVE TV
ADVERTISEMENT
POPULAR STORIES
Meet woman, who started company by investing Rs 20000, today runs Rs 4500 crore
This man was India's first billionaire, owned diamond paper weight, private airl
This 78-year-old doctor claims to have reversed his age by 20 years
Pushpa 2 box office: Allu Arjun film races towards Rs 800 crore in Hindi
WATCH: New Zealand's Auckland welcomes New Year 2025 with fireworks, light show
MORE
MOST VIEWED
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Anushka -Virat to Deepika-Ranveer, how compatible these celebs' relationship
From Kishkindha Kaandam to Maharaja, Aattam, 5 best Indian films of 2024
MORE
MOST WATCHED
Zhuhai Attack: China President Xi Jinping Urges All-Out Efforts To Treat Injured In Car Ramming Case
Israel-Hezbollah War: Hezbollah Fires Nearly 200 Rockets Targeting Haifa; IDF Intercepts Missiles
US Elections: Trump Begins Cabinet Expansion, Picks Mike Waltz As NSA ,Know Details
South Korean Actor Song Jae Rim Found Dead At The Age Of 39 In His Seoul Apartment
Israel-Hezbollah War: Israeli Woman Shares Chilling Close Call With Death Amid Israel-Hezbollah War
MORE
DNA ORIGNALS
DNA TV Show: Focus of Lok Sabha polls 2024 shifting from development to religion
DNA TV Show: Amit Shah's doctored video exposes 'deepfakes' a new threat
DNA TV Show: Analysis of child traffickers' modus operandi in Delhi
DNA Exclusive: Ugly 'Car-Nama' exposed! Showrooms charge extra for delivering ca
DNA Exclusive: India's first Twitter user on her 16-year Twitter journey
MORE

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dnaindia.com/cricket/report-ind-vs-ban-head-to-head-record-how-many-times-bangladesh-have-beaten-team-india-1-time-india-win-10-times-2998042 
 ----- 
