English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Bangladesh MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Bangladesh MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More
Both teams enter the Oval in Adelaide after contrasting results as the Bangladeshi team edged out an in-form Zimbabwe team, Whereas India lost to South Africa.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Published on - 31 Oct 2022 12:58 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:

Date:  02 November 2022

Time: 01:30 PM IST

Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide

Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App




Preview:


Asian rivals India and Bangladesh are set to go head to head in another important Group 2 fixture of the 2022 T20 World Cup. Both teams enter the Oval in Adelaide after contrasting results as the Bangladeshi team edged out an in-form Zimbabwe team whereas the Men in Blue suffered a hard-fought defeat against South Africa. 




Weather Report:



  





Pitch Report:



  





Analysis:




The Indian team was convincingly defeated by South Africa at Perth where the Proteas dominated in all departments. India’s batting was one of the biggest reasons for the loss as the top order folded like a pack of cards. Similarly, other batters also failed to fire barring Suryakumar Yadav, who scored a crucial half-century. Whereas the bowlers put up a great display but defending the 134-total turned out to be out of reach. 




The Bangladeshi team had to power through a rising Zimbabwe team which came extremely close to clinching the win. Their innings despite a slow start saw Najmul Hossain Shanto score an important 71. He was supported by the likes of Shakib Al Hasan and Afif Hossain, who also put in decent batting performances. Their bowlers were clinical for the majority of the game but conceded a lot of runs in crucial moments. 




Key Players: 


  





People’s picks: 

  






Probable XIs




India

Rohit Sharma (c), KL Rahul, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Rishabh Pant (wk), Axar Patel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh




Bangladesh

Najmul Hossain Shanto, Soumya Sarkar, Litton Das, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Afif Hossain, Yasir Ali, Mosaddek Hossain, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud, Taskin Ahmed

Grand League Fantasy Suggestion:
  
Head-to-head Fantasy Suggestion:
  
Best 14:


Wicketkeepers:  Rishabh Pant, Nurul Hasan, Litton Das
Batters: Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Afif Hossain

Bowlers: Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman

All-rounders: Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel,  Shakib Al Hasan





Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/ind-vs-ban-dream11-prediction-india-vs-bangladesh-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-ind-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-live-at-130-pm-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
