Skip to Content
News
China
Business
TECH
ENT
Sport
HK
HotTV
Blog
Sport
Powell and Harden lift the Clippers to a 116-113 comeback victory over the skidding Pelicans
2024-12-31 12:09 Last Updated At：12:10

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Norman Powell scored 35 points, James Harden hit go-ahead free throws with 17.9 seconds left and the Los Angeles Clippers held on to defeat the New Orleans Pelicans 116-113 on Monday night.

With the Pelicans — losers of 10 straight and 19 of 20 — trying to tie the game, Harden adroitly fouled rookie center Yves Missi, whose 12-point, nine-rebound and five-block performance was tarnished by his missed free throw that could have tied it at 114 with 4.3 seconds left.

Click to Gallery

Los Angeles Clippers guard Kris Dunn (8) dunks past New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III (25) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) intercepts a pass in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) blocks Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. (55) shot in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden shoots a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum (3) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden tries to make a move against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III celebrates after making a three-pointer in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden (1) tries to drive past New Orleans Pelicans guard Javonte Green (4) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard Norman Powell attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans forward Herbert Jones and guard CJ McCollum in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
More Images
Los Angeles Clippers guard Kris Dunn (8) dunks past New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III (25) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) intercepts a pass in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) blocks Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. (55) shot in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden shoots a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum (3) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden tries to make a move against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III celebrates after making a three-pointer in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden (1) tries to drive past New Orleans Pelicans guard Javonte Green (4) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)
Los Angeles Clippers guard Norman Powell attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans forward Herbert Jones and guard CJ McCollum in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Officials prematurely blew the whistle because they thought Missi's foul shot missed the rim. They called for a jump ball at center court after video review.

Ivica Zubac won the tip back to Harden, who made two more free throws with less than two seconds remaining to complete his 27-point performance. CJ McCollum shot from half court and hit the front rim.

Zubac finished with 20 points and 16 rebounds for the Clippers, who've won three straight and five of six.

The Pelicans led by as many as 14 points when Trey Murphy's 3 made it 59-45 late in the second quarter. But the Clippers closed the half on an 11-3 run.

Los Angeles trailed most of the game and never led by more than four.

McCollum hit eight 3s and led New Orleans with 33 points. Murphy and Herb Jones each scored 18, while Dejounte Murray had 13 points, 10 rebounds and six steals.

Clippers: Advantages of 40-35 in rebounding, 56-44 in paint points and 21-11 in made free throws allowed Los Angeles to weather one of New Orleans' better performances in the past month.

Pelicans: Hitting a season-best 18 3s in a game still wasn't enough.

The Clippers converted 14 offensive rebounds into 20 second-chance points.

The Clippers visit San Antonio on Tuesday night. The Pelicans visit Miami on Wednesday.

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

Los Angeles Clippers guard Kris Dunn (8) dunks past New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III (25) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) intercepts a pass in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

New Orleans Pelicans center Yves Missi (21) blocks Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. (55) shot in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden shoots a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Los Angeles Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum (3) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden tries to make a move against New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

New Orleans Pelicans guard Trey Murphy III celebrates after making a three-pointer in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Los Angeles Clippers in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Los Angeles Clippers guard James Harden (1) tries to drive past New Orleans Pelicans guard Javonte Green (4) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Los Angeles Clippers guard Norman Powell attempts a layup against New Orleans Pelicans forward Herbert Jones and guard CJ McCollum in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Peter Forest)

Next Article
Klopp smiles broadly as Leipzig defeats Werder Bremen 4-2 in Bundesliga
2025-01-13 00:40 Last Updated At：00:50

BERLIN (AP) — Jürgen Klopp watched with a broad smile as Leipzig defeated Werder Bremen 4-2 to reclaim fourth place in the Bundesliga on Sunday.

Klopp, the former Liverpool, Borussia Dortmund and Mainz coach, took over his new duties as Red Bull’s head of global soccer on Jan. 1 and he took the first opportunity to see the energy drinks manufacturer’s German representative in competitive action.

Klopp can have had few complaints as he watched the 21-year-old Xavi Simons open the scoring and then cancel Mitchell Weiser’s response, before Benjamin Šeško, also 21, made it 3-1 with a brilliant strike from distance after the break.

Both Xavi and Šeško fit the profile of highly talented young players that Klopp will be expected to develop and attract to the growing Red Bull stable of clubs.

Leipzig substitute Christoph Baumgartner scored in the final minute before Bremen's Oliver Burke scored in stoppage time.

Klopp was in Paris on Saturday to see second-tier Paris FC beat Amiens 1-0. Among his tasks there is turning the club into one of France’s best under the ownership of the country’s richest family, the Arnaults of luxury empire LVMH. The family’s takeover of the second-tier club includes bringing Red Bull on board as a minority stakeholder.

Leipzig has struggled so far this season, losing all its games in the Champions League and dropping points in seven of its 16 games in the Bundesliga.

Stuttgart, last season’s runner-up, was playing at Augsburg later to conclude the round.

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

Leipzig's Lois Openda controls the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Lukas Klostermann, right and Werder's Marvin Ducksch vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Antonio Nusa, right and Werder's Derrick Köhn vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Antonio Nusa, left and Werder's Derrick Köhn vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Xavi Simons celebrates after scoring a goal, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Xavi Simons celebrates after scoring a goal, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Recommended Articles
Vance says Jan. 6 participants who committed violence ‘obviously’ shouldn’t be pardoned
Inter bounces back from Super Cup loss to beat Venezia and close gap to Napoli
Saudi Arabia presses top EU diplomats to lift sanctions on Syria after Assad’s fall
CBS’ Jim Nantz will reach a rare broadcasting milestone when he calls his 500th NFL game Sunday
Tottenham avoids massive FA Cup shock by beating 5th-tier Tamworth after extra time
Los Angeles tree lovers hope their vital work recovers from devastating fires
New England hires former Patriots Super Bowl champ Mike Vrabel as its next coach
Hot · Posts
Today
Week
Month
Top 1

New Zealand names young pacers O'Rourke, Smith and Sears for the Champions Trophy

Top 2

Detroit Auto Show 2025 highlights future of electric vehicles

Top 3

Gaza ceasefire talks 90 pct completed: Israeli media

Top 4

Australian Open: Olympic champ Zheng Qinwen starts her bid for another final on a rainy Day 1

Top 5

Israeli senior delegation to travel to Qatar for hostage deal with Hamas

Top 6

Caroline Dubois dominates and retains title but bout ends in technical draw after head clash

Top 7

Powerful winter storm that dumped snow in US South maintains its icy grip

Top 8

Earthquake-affected villagers relocated to prefabricated houses

Top 9

Shenzhou-19 crew carry out in-orbit test of pipe inspection robot

Top 10

California wildfires cause at least 11 deaths with 13 still missing

Top 11

Russia claims controlling one more settlement in Donetsk, Ukraine says still holding Kurakhove

Top 12

Small village recovering after deadly earthquake in Xizang

Top 13

Harbin airport opens e-channels for int'l travelers to Asian Winter Games

Top 14

Winter tourism boom drives surge in sales of innovative cultural products, boosting ice, snow economy

Top 15

Construction of prefabricated houses at full pace in Xizang as cold front approaches

Blogger
admin
Bastille Commentary
Mao Paishou
Sylvia Chen
Wing Ki Wong
Mark Pinkstone
What Say You?
Ariel
Fang Chen
Yan Shu Shen
Lai See(利是)
pe_leetung
Deep Throat
Ivy Xu
pe_jason
Copyright
User Terms
Privacy Terms
Contact Us
About Us
承印人：巴士的報有限公司 （香港九龍觀塘鴻圖道81號Contempo Place 10樓B室）

© 2025 Bastillepost. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bastillepost.com/global/article/4443720-powell-and-harden-lift-the-clippers-to-a-116-113-comeback-victory-over-the-skidding-pelicans 
 ----- 
