Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESPRS vs MLR - MLR WonRSA vs PAK - RSA WonDHCP vs RGR - RGR WonSYST vs BRSAL - CompleteSYT vs HBH - Preview
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
India vs Australia
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
South Africa vs Pakistan
2nd Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
2nd ODI
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Afghanistan vs Zimbabwe
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
SA20
Sunrisers Eastern Cape vs MI Cape Town
1st Match
BBL 2024-25
Sydney Thunder vs Brisbane Heat
25th Match
Perth Scorchers vs Melbourne Renegades
26th Match
Sydney Thunder vs Hobart Hurricanes
27th Match
Melbourne Stars vs Sydney Sixers
28th Match
BPL, 2024-25
Sylhet Strikers vs Rangpur Riders
9th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Fortune Barishal
10th Match
Dhaka Capitals vs Rangpur Riders
11th Match
Sylhet Strikers vs Fortune Barishal
12th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Rangpur Riders
13th Match
Dhaka Capitals vs Chittagong Kings
14th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Central Districts vs Northern Knights
8th Match
Canterbury vs Otago
9th Match
Wellington vs Central Districts
10th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Rajasthan vs Tamil Nadu
2nd Preliminary quarter final
Haryana vs Bengal
1st Preliminary quarter final
ODI WORLD CUP 2023
Cricket's World Cup gets its moment in New Zealand and South Africa
by  Telford Vice  •  Last updated on Tue, Oct 31, 2023, 05:55 PM
Share
	
Tweet
Men's World Cup matches involving the countries' cricket teams have have been spiced with drama - the 2011 quarterfinal and 2015 semifinal, for instance © AFP

Rugby is a bigger deal than cricket in New Zealand and South Africa. Small wonder: the All Blacks or the Springboks have won seven of the 10 men's World Cups yet played, even though the Boks weren't at the first two because of apartheid.

So there will be no avoiding in Pune on Wednesday the echoes of this year's final between rugby's giants, which was played in Paris in the early hours of Sunday morning (IST). The South Africans claimed a record fourth triumph, winning a thunderous, controversy-strewn classic by a single point.

Men's World Cup matches involving the countries' cricket teams have have been spiced with drama - the 2011 quarterfinal and 2015 semifinal, for instance - but this rivalry isn't as keen as it is in rugby. Maybe that's because New Zealand have beaten South Africa six times in eight meetings. It isn't much of a rivalry if one side wins significantly more often.

But the South Africans will believe they are capable of pulling one back this time. They are among the biggest batting teams at the tournament, and in Chennai on Friday they offered evidence that they have found a way to play under pressure by hanging tough to beat Pakistan by one wicket in the first close match of this World Cup.

The complication, for South Africa, is that the New Zealanders are themselves not averse to piling on the runs. And, of course, Friday's match was not a knockout game - which have tended to prompt meltdowns in the team now led by Temba Bavuma.

The complication, for New Zealand, is that Lockie Ferguson, Kane Williamson and Mark Chapman are carrying significant injuries. Those are problems in three important areas that have made them a competitive team.

The other complication is that, with the semifinal line-up solidifying with each passing match, this game is more about who goes where in the final four than anything else. Both teams will be reasonably confident of making the semis, but will they play Australia or India there? Winning, and losing, on Wednesday will go some way towards answering that question.

New Zealand's other remaining opponents in the league stage are Pakistan and Sri Lanka. They should have the measure of both. But South Africa will be at Eden Gardens on Sunday for a clash with unbeaten India. They won't want to be thinking about what went wrong in Pune as they take the flight to Kolkata.

Cricket matches between New Zealand and South Africa are often distilled to a tussle that pits the former's famous flintiness against the latter's supposedly superior strength. That narrative will again be afoot in this match, but so will something else.

When you grow up in the shadow of rugby and play cricket instead, and you know you have picked the sport that doesn't grab your compatriots' attention nearly as much as the other, you also know you need to take every chance to show them why you have made the right choice. This, for all involved, is one such chance.

When: November 1, 2023 at 14:00 IST

Where: Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium, Pune

What to expect: A small target - 260 wasn't reached in either of the first innings in the two matches played here in the tournament - despite the decent pitch and small outfield. Hot and dry, but less humid than other venues.

Teams:

New Zealand

Kane Williamson has been ruled out of the match. "Williamson has batted in the nets the last two days but has been ruled out of a return to match action tomorrow," Black Caps informed on match eve. "He will be assessed again ahead of the side's next match against Pakistan."

The Kiwis are still awaiting news on Lockie Ferguson's Achilles and Mark Chapman's calf. Tom Latham was particularly non-committal about them at his press conference on Tuesday.

Without certainty on those players it's difficult to see which way New Zealand will lean to pick their XI. That said, all three trained on Tuesday.

Tactics & strategy

New Zealand have made four of the top 20 totals in the tournament, and Rachin Ravindra, Daryl Mitchell and Devon Conway have scored centuries. So we can bank on them being competitive with the bat. Mitchell Santner and Matt Henry are their two most successful bowlers and are among the top 10 wicket-takers, and then there's Glenn Phillips, whose off-spin became less part-time and more frontline every time he gives it a whirl.

Probable XI: Devon Conway, Will Young, Rachin Ravindra, Daryl Mitchell, Tom Latham (capt), Glenn Phillips, Jimmy Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry, Trent Boult, Lockie Ferguson

South Africa

Kagiso Rabada missed the match against Pakistan in Chennai on Friday because of lower back spasms, but should be good to go on Wednesday. South Africa's only other question is whether to pick Tabraiz Shamsi as a second spinner rather than Gerald Coetzee, their fast bowling enforcer.

Tactics & strategy

Like their opponents, South Africa own four of the 20 biggest totals at this World Cup. Quinton de Kock has scored half of their six hundreds, and Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen and Rassie van der Dussen the others. Runs are not the issue, and they showed against Pakistan that they can chase. Also like the Kiwis, the Saffers have two of the leading 10 wicket-takers in Marco Jansen and Gerald Coetzee. But they have been liable to leak a few too many runs.

Probable XI: Temba Bavuma (capt), Quinton de Kock, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Kagiso Rabada, Keshav Maharaj, Gerald Coetzee, Lungi Ngidi

Did you know?

- Two of the three centuries in World Cup games between the teams - Herschelle Gibbs' 143 and Stephen Fleming's 134 not out - were scored in the same match, at the Wanderers in 2003.

- Jacob Oram's 4/39 in the 2011 quarterfinal in Dhaka is the only instance of a bowler claiming more than three wickets in World Cup matches involving these teams.

- Two of the Kiwis' six World Cup wins were in knockout games: the 2011 quarterfinal and the 2015 semifinal.

What they said:

"There were two special sporting events going on, and one's just finished. But we feel the support we have back home. We certainly understand the country is right behind us and hopefully we can make them proud." - Tom Latham says his team can feel the love despite the nation's obsession with the rugby World Cup.

"The result [against Pakistan] could have been different, and then we'd be having a different conversation. But the important and heartening thing was to see how some of the guys played under pressure, and that we managed to find a way to get over the line. If we do it again and again, we'll start to accept that we're getting better at winning key moments in pressure games." - Rob Walter on South Africa's relationship with tight contests.

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
South Africa New Zealand ICC Cricket World Cup 2023
RELATED STORIES
Travis Head: Australia's free-spirited, non-plussed giant killer
The wheels of Indian cricket will keep spinning fast
It's the pinnacle of international cricket - Cummins on World Cup win
There were a lot of emotions, it was tough to see - Dravid
The cascading effect of the middle overs cacophony
'The big risk we took paid off' - Cummins on Head
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Mominul voices concern over potential two-tier Test system
4h ago
BGT 2024-25 - A contest headlined by two pace attacks
5h ago
BCCI shortlists WPL venues; Baroda likely to host the final
5h ago
Renegades stay alive as they overcome Scorchers in Perth
6h ago
Maphaka takes first steps on a long road
6h ago
I would've taken Shami to Australia - Ravi Shastri
10h ago
More News
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you non-personalized ads. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policyOK
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
Privacy Preferences
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
Cricbuzz asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/128303/crickets-world-cup-gets-its-moment-in-new-zealand-and-south-africa 
 ----- 
