English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between New Zealand and South Africa?

ODI World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between New Zealand and South Africa?
New Zealand and South Africa haven’t contested against each other much in 50 overs cricket recently, but still the quality of both these teams could translate into a great ODI World Cup 2023 match.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 31 Oct 2023 11:48 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: November 1, 2023

Time: 2:00 PM IST

Venue: Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium, Pune

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Follow: ODI World Cup 2023 Live Scores Here  | Cricket Today Match Prediction

Preview

The 32nd match of the ODI World Cup 2023 will have New Zealand play against South Africa at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune. With more wins than losses in the flagship tournament, these two proud nations are a couple of steps away from securing a semi-final place. In the recent past, the Blackcaps and the Proteas haven’t contested against each other much in 50 overs cricket, but still the quality of both these teams could translate into a great ODI World Cup 2023 match.

Also Read: 1xbet promo code |  Best Betting Apps In India  |  Best Betting Sites In India 


Pitch Report

In the first match played at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune, during the ODI World Cup 2023, Bangladesh put together a below-par total of 256 runs on the board against India on a placid pitch, which was chased down with ease. Moreover, the average first-innings score at this venue is 301 in ODI cricket, which could easily be the total when New Zealand take on South Africa on November 1. 

Team Analysis

New Zealand

The New Zealand batters have been performing exceptionally well in the ODI World Cup 2023, with the likes of Rachin Ravindra and Daryl Mitchell scoring big runs with great regularity. The bowling attack of the Blackcaps has been led by the left-arm spinner Mitchell Santner, who is one of the top wicket-takers in the flagship tournament, while he has been ably supported by Trent Boult and Matt Henry in particular.

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand

Devon Conway, Will Young, Rachin Ravindra, Daryl Mitchell, Tom Latham (c)/(wk), Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult

South Africa

The batting lineup of South Africa has been given rollicking starts at the top by Quinton de Kock, followed by Aiden Markram and Heinrich Klaasen providing great impetus in the middle to death overs. On the bowling side of things, the Proteas have been giving impressive performances as a unit, wherein Keshav Maharaj and Gerald Coetzee are taking the important wickets in recent matches.

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa

Quinton de Kock (wk), Temba Bavuma (c), Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Gerald Coetzee, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Tabraiz Shamsi

Match Prediction

   


Conclusion

New Zealand lost their last two matches in the ODI World Cup 2023 against two tough teams in a close finish, which has put them under some pressure to achieve a big result quickly. It’s something their upcoming opponents South Africa can take advantage of, when they step onto the field on November 1.

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

South AfricaNew ZealandODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-new-zealand-vs-south-africa-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-new-zealand-and-south-africa-nz-vs-sa-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
