WOMEN’S T20 WORLD CUP
TEAMS
POINTS TABLE
SCHEDULE
STATS
NEWS
DREAM11 PREDICTION
MATCH PREDICTION
FANTASY TIPS
x
Home
Latest Cricket News
Aakash Chopra brutally mocks Pakistan after their shambolic loss to Bangladesh in Rawalpindi Test
Aakash Chopra brutally mocks Pakistan after their shambolic loss to Bangladesh in Rawalpindi Test
By CA Cricket Staff

Published - 26 Aug 2024, 11:04 AM | Updated - 27 Aug 2024, 11:08 AM

|
 Follow Us
Pakistan and Aakash Chopra. Image Credit: X

Table of Contents

Former Indian cricketer-turned-commentator, Aakash Chopra, has once again turned the spotlight on the unpredictable nature of Pakistan cricket, taking a subtle dig at the team following their humiliating 10-wicket defeat against Bangladesh in the first Test in Rawalpindi.

In a jaw-dropping twist during a recent Test match, the Pakistan cricket team made a shocking decision that stunned fans and experts as well. In a move that defied logic, Pakistan declared their first innings before reaching the 500-run mark, with four wickets still in hand.

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.20%
Fullscreen

Pakistan's audacious call backfires as Bangladesh secures historic Test win

This overconfident yet bold move backfired spectacularly, contributing significantly to Pakistan’s unexpected and embarrassing loss against Bangladesh. This overly confident and miscalculated decision allowed Bangladesh to seize an opportunity and record a historic Test match triumph.

The baffling strategy to declare their innings at just 448 runs while still in a strong position and having four wickets in hand raises many eyebrows, with many slamming Pakistan for their questionable tactics and sheer audacity after Bangladesh recorded their first-ever Test win in Pakistan.

After the match, Chopra took to his social media handle to react to Pakistan’s blunder to hand Bangladesh a lifeline and allow them to embarrass them instead of building on their strong position.

Pakistan Cricket is a gift that keeps giving: Aakash Chopra

Taking a dig at Pakistan, the former Indian batter said that their arch-rivals are one of the rare teams who lost a Test match after declaring their first innings with 400+ runs and 4 wickets to spare.

Aakash Chopra posted on X: “Not many teams go to lose a Test match after declaring their first innings with 400+ runs and 4 wickets to spare. At Home. Pakistan cricket is a gift that keeps giving.”

Not many teams go to lose a Test match after declaring their first innings with 400+ runs and 4 wickets to spare. At Home.
Pakistan cricket is a gift that keeps giving 🙌

— Aakash Chopra (@cricketaakash) August 25, 2024

Meanwhile, Pakistan's embarrassing loss to Bangladesh on their home soil added to their already challenging period.

They are already under heavy scrutiny due to disappointing performances, including their early exits in both the 2023 ODI World Cup and the 2024 T20 World Cup, and now a humiliating defeat at the hands of Bangladesh is just adding to their woes.

It was Bangladesh’s first-ever Test victory in 14 encounters against Pakistan. Prior to this, Pakistan had dominated the series, winning 12 out of the previous 13 matches—six of them by an innings—with one ending in a draw. However, on this occasion, they turned the tables with a massive win.

Bangladesh spinners shine bright in Rawalpindi Test

Well, Pakistan's downfall was partly due to questionable team selection, opting for an all-pace attack with only part-time spinners in their playing XI. This strategy backfired as Bangladesh's seasoned spinners, Mehidy Hasan Miraz and Shakib Al Hasan, took control in the second inning.

They combined to take seven crucial wickets, laying the foundation for Bangladesh's first Test victory over Pakistan. Mehidy recorded the stunning bowling figures of 4/21, while Shakib's experience shone through with 3/44, causing Pakistan's batting lineup to crumble on the fifth day.

The home team was bundled out for just 146 runs in 55.5 overs. Then, Bangladesh's openers, Zakir Hasan and Shadman Islam, confidently chased down the modest target of 30 runs in just 6.3 overs, sealing a historic win for their team at the Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium.

Tagged:

Aakash Chopra
Pakistan National Cricket Team
Bangladesh National Cricket Team
ICC World Test Championship
PAK vs BAN
Pakistan vs Bangladesh
LATEST NEWS
View All 
WAR vs VOY Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- West Indies Barbados T10 2024, Match 14
COH vs AEC Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- Kuwait T20 Challengers Trophy 2024, Final
THR vs CHP Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- Tamil Nadu T20 SS Rajan Trophy 2024, 2nd Quarter-Final
World record alert! Karun Nair achieves sensational milestone in List A cricket
Watch: Daniel Sams, Cameron Bancroft suffer severe injuries after gruesome collision in BBL; update arrives
Rishabh Pant delivers fitness update after body blows at SCG, addresses Jasprit Bumrah-Sam Konstas fight
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Rohit Sharma blocks Hardik Pandya's captaincy ambitions, set to lead India in CT
Watch: Saim Ayub faces devastating ankle injury, stretchered off in New Year's Test
English / हिन्दी
TOP TEAMS
India
Afghanistan
Australia
Bangladesh
England
Ireland
New Zealand
Pakistan
South Africa
Sri Lanka
West Indies
Zimbabwe
TOP PLAYERS
Sachin Tendulkar
MS Dhoni
Rohit Sharma
Virat Kohli
Hardik Pandya
Yuvraj Singh
Virender Sehwag
Rahul Dravid
Sourav Ganguly
Anil Kumble
INTERNATIONAL SERIES
IND vs AFG
IND vs AUS
IND vs BAN
IND vs ENG
IND vs NZ
IND vs SA
IND vs SL
IND vs WI
IND vs ZIM
IND vs IRE
TOP LEAGUES
Indian Premier League
Big Bash League
Caribbean Premier League
Pakistan Super League
Abu Dhabi T10 League
Bangladesh Premier League
Qatar T10 League
South Africa's Premier T20
Afghanistan Premier League
QUICK LINKS
Live Score
Schedule
Series
Recent Matches
Upcoming Matches
Match Prediction
Fantasy Tips
Cricket News
Videos
Photos
Teams
CONNECT US:
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
DISCLAIMER
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
SITEMAP
GOOGLE NEWS SITEMAP
Editorial Policy
Fact Check Policy
Non-Partisanship Policy
Correction Policy
Code Of Ethics
Sponsored Content Policy

© 2024 Cricket Addictor Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cricketaddictor.com/cricket-news/aakash-chopra-brutally-mocks-pakistan-after-their-shambolic-loss-to-bangladesh-in-rawalpindi-test/ 
 ----- 
