WOMEN’S T20 WORLD CUP
TEAMS
POINTS TABLE
SCHEDULE
STATS
NEWS
DREAM11 PREDICTION
MATCH PREDICTION
FANTASY TIPS
x
Home
Latest Cricket News
Kamran Akmal blasts Pakistan cricketers: ‘There's no seriousness; they've made a complete mockery'
Kamran Akmal blasts Pakistan cricketers: ‘There's no seriousness; they've made a complete mockery'
By CA Cricket Staff

Published - 26 Aug 2024, 03:15 PM | Updated - 27 Aug 2024, 11:11 AM

|
 Follow Us
Pakistan Cricket Team and Kamran Akmal. Image Credit: X

Former Pakistan wicketkeeper-batter Kamran Akmal has delivered a blistering statement on the Shan Masood-led Pakistan cricket team’s humiliating defeat against Bangladesh in the first Test of the ongoing two-match Test series at the Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium on August 25.

Akmal did not hold back as he slammed Pakistan's dismal performance in their first Test match against Bangladesh while highlighting a string of failures that have plagued the team over the past few years. He pointed out that the Shan Masood-led side narrowly avoided an even more humiliating defeat.

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.57%
Fullscreen

Kamran Akmal unleashes fury on Pakistan’s failures after Bangladesh

He credited Mohammad Rizwan’s half-century as the only saving grace in the first Test match that saved the hosts from an innings loss against Bangladesh. He expressed frustration at the team's lack of progress, saying they have not learned anything in the last five years.

The former wicketkeeper-batter reminded fans of previous embarrassing exits, such as the loss to Zimbabwe and early exits from the Asia Cup 2023, ODI World Cup 2023, and ICC T20 World Cup 2024. Akmal said that the players made a complete mockery of Pakistan cricket after their first-ever Test match loss to Bangladesh in Rawalpindi on Sunday.

He added that seems that Pakistani players are playing club cricket for just fun. However, he praised Bangladesh's resilience, noting how their batters not only saved the Test but also secured a historic victory, effectively exposing the weaknesses in Pakistan cricket.

In contrast, Akmal expressed disbelief at the casual attitude displayed in the dressing room. He lamented the absence of accountability within the team, suggesting that the players appear to be treating their international duties as a mere pastime rather than a serious professional commitment.

Made a complete mockery of Pakistan cricket: Akmal

Kamran Akmal said on his YouTube channel: “Had Rizwan not scored a 50 and ran the scoreboard, you'd've lost by an inning. You haven't learned anything in the last 5 years. You lost to Zimbabwe. Last year, you were eliminated from the Asia Cup. You were humiliated at the T20 World Cup. Made a complete mockery of Pakistan cricket.”

Akmal added, “It was a difficult time for Bangladesh, but their batters scored runs. They had to save the Test, and they not only did that but also won the game. They basically exposed Pakistan cricket.

"And our players were batting like club cricketers. Sorry, not even club cricketers play like this. The approach was poor. Players are having a laugh in the dressing room; there is no seriousness because they know nobody will ask anything. It seems that you are playing for fun.”

Notably, the Shan Masood-led side and Bangladesh are all set to face each other in the second and final Test at the Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium from August 30.

This Test series is part of the ICC World Test Championship (WTC). While Bangladesh is set to travel to India after the Pakistan tour, the Men in Green will host England in a three-match Test series in October.

Tagged:

Kamran Akmal
Pakistan National Cricket Team
Bangladesh National Cricket Team
PAK vs BAN
LATEST NEWS
View All 
WAR vs VOY Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- West Indies Barbados T10 2024, Match 14
COH vs AEC Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- Kuwait T20 Challengers Trophy 2024, Final
THR vs CHP Dream11 Prediction Today Match, Dream11 Team Today, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Playing XI, Pitch Report, Injury Update- Tamil Nadu T20 SS Rajan Trophy 2024, 2nd Quarter-Final
World record alert! Karun Nair achieves sensational milestone in List A cricket
Watch: Daniel Sams, Cameron Bancroft suffer severe injuries after gruesome collision in BBL; update arrives
Rishabh Pant delivers fitness update after body blows at SCG, addresses Jasprit Bumrah-Sam Konstas fight
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Rohit Sharma blocks Hardik Pandya's captaincy ambitions, set to lead India in CT
Watch: Saim Ayub faces devastating ankle injury, stretchered off in New Year's Test
English / हिन्दी
TOP TEAMS
India
Afghanistan
Australia
Bangladesh
England
Ireland
New Zealand
Pakistan
South Africa
Sri Lanka
West Indies
Zimbabwe
TOP PLAYERS
Sachin Tendulkar
MS Dhoni
Rohit Sharma
Virat Kohli
Hardik Pandya
Yuvraj Singh
Virender Sehwag
Rahul Dravid
Sourav Ganguly
Anil Kumble
INTERNATIONAL SERIES
IND vs AFG
IND vs AUS
IND vs BAN
IND vs ENG
IND vs NZ
IND vs SA
IND vs SL
IND vs WI
IND vs ZIM
IND vs IRE
TOP LEAGUES
Indian Premier League
Big Bash League
Caribbean Premier League
Pakistan Super League
Abu Dhabi T10 League
Bangladesh Premier League
Qatar T10 League
South Africa's Premier T20
Afghanistan Premier League
QUICK LINKS
Live Score
Schedule
Series
Recent Matches
Upcoming Matches
Match Prediction
Fantasy Tips
Cricket News
Videos
Photos
Teams
CONNECT US:
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
DISCLAIMER
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
SITEMAP
GOOGLE NEWS SITEMAP
Editorial Policy
Fact Check Policy
Non-Partisanship Policy
Correction Policy
Code Of Ethics
Sponsored Content Policy

© 2024 Cricket Addictor Media. All rights reserved.

Stay Updated with the Latest Cricket News from Cricket Addictor.

You will receive the latest updates on cricket news throughout the day. You can manage them whenever you need in browser settings.

Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cricketaddictor.com/cricket-news/kamran-akmal-blasts-pakistan-cricketers-theres-no-seriousness-theyve-made-a-complete-mockery/ 
 ----- 
