 MENU
My Picks
Boston Celtics vs Charlotte Hornets Prediction NBA Picks 11/2/24
Home  NBA Picks
 Peter Tran  November 1, 2024 10:42 pm
Charlotte Hornets (2-2) vs Boston Celtics (4-1)
Game Info: Saturday, November 2, 2024 at 6:00 pm (Spectrum Center)
Betting Odds: Charlotte Hornets +11.5 --- Over/Under: 232 Click Here for the Latest Odds
HOT NBA CAPPERS
Al McMordie
W54/L35
+1,539 Units
VIP Sports Syndicate
W54/L40
+992 Units
Mitch Wilson
W37/L26
+847 Units
Ron Romanelli
W26/L17
+733 Units
Brian Bitler
W40/L32
+496 Units
View All Cappers
The Boston Celtics and the Charlotte Hornets do battle once again at the Spectrum Center on Saturday night. Here’s a Boston Celtics vs Charlotte Hornets Prediction. This article will include a Boston Celtics vs Charlotte Hornets Pick.
Boston Celtics 
The Boston Celtics have hit the ground running with five wins from their first six games and they will be eager to stay hot after blowing past the Hornets in a 124-109 road win last night. Jayson Tatum led the team with 32 points, 11 rebounds, and three assists, Jaylen Brown added 25 points with six rebounds and five assists while Derrick White chipped in with 17 points and five assists. As a team, the Celtics shot 47 percent from the field and 13 of 42 from the 3-point line as they set the tone with 40 points in the first quarter to take an early 17-point lead, but the Hornets came back to cut the lead to just one point before the Celtics went on a pivotal 7-0 run in the fourth quarter to pull away in the end. The Celtics will meet the Hawks and Warriors after this game.
Charlotte Hornets 
Meanwhile, the Charlotte Hornets have been in a rut as they've lost three of their last four games overall and they will be hoping for a better result after getting beaten by the Celtics last night. LaMelo Ball led the team with 31 points on 12 of 25 shooting, Tre Mann added 23 points with five assists off the bench while Miles Bridges chipped in with 14 points, seven rebounds, and three assists. As a team, the Hornets shot 46 percent from the field and 19 of 48 from the 3-point line as they exploded for 42 points in the second quarter to claw back from an early deficit, only to allow the Celtics to finish with a flurry in the fourth quarter to slip away in a game that was closer than the final score suggests. The Hornets will face the Wolves following this one.
Why the Boston Celtics will win
The Celtics have won 24 of their last 25 road games against opponents who are on the second leg of a back-to-back.
The Hornets have lost each of their last eight games against Atlantic Division opponents that held a winning record.
The Celtics have covered the spread in each of their last six games with both teams on the second leg of a back-to-back.
The Hornets have failed to cover the spread in each of their last four night games at Spectrum Center.
Total Points Facts
Twelve of the Hornets' last 13 games against Eastern Conference opponents have gone OVER the total points line.
Seven of the Celtics' last eight games as favorites against the Hornets have gone OVER the total points line.
Boston Celtics vs Charlotte Hornets Prediction
The Celtics are still missing a couple of key players with Kristaps Porzingis and Al Horford both out, while the Hornets are coming in with a full squad once again. The Celtics needed to respond after losing their first game of the season and it was the Hornets who were the unlucky recipients of a tough contest. Still, the Hornets were more than competitive throughout three quarters of the game last night and I think we're going to see more of the same in this one. I have the Celtics winning once again, but this time I think the Hornets get close enough to get the cover at home.
Peter’s Pick
Charlotte +11.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: PETER TRAN
Peter is busy writing amazing articles for PickDawgz but will create a bio soon.

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/nba-picks/2024-11-02/boston-celtics-vs-charlotte-hornets-prediction-nba-picks 
 ----- 
