Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESPRS vs MLR - MLR WonRSA vs PAK - RSA WonDHCP vs RGR - RGR WonSYST vs BRSAL - CompleteSYT vs HBH - Preview
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
India vs Australia
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
South Africa vs Pakistan
2nd Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
2nd ODI
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Afghanistan vs Zimbabwe
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
SA20
Sunrisers Eastern Cape vs MI Cape Town
1st Match
BBL 2024-25
Sydney Thunder vs Brisbane Heat
25th Match
Perth Scorchers vs Melbourne Renegades
26th Match
Sydney Thunder vs Hobart Hurricanes
27th Match
Melbourne Stars vs Sydney Sixers
28th Match
BPL, 2024-25
Sylhet Strikers vs Rangpur Riders
9th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Fortune Barishal
10th Match
Dhaka Capitals vs Rangpur Riders
11th Match
Sylhet Strikers vs Fortune Barishal
12th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Rangpur Riders
13th Match
Dhaka Capitals vs Chittagong Kings
14th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Central Districts vs Northern Knights
8th Match
Canterbury vs Otago
9th Match
Wellington vs Central Districts
10th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Rajasthan vs Tamil Nadu
2nd Preliminary quarter final
Haryana vs Bengal
1st Preliminary quarter final
CWC 23
Bangladesh seek Shakib reassurance for big India clash
by  Vijay Tagore  •  Last updated on Wed, Oct 18, 2023, 02:51 PM
Share
	
Tweet
Shakib Al Hasan is expected to be fit to play against India. © AFP

A brief examination of the statistics for Indian batters reveals a compelling vulnerability to left-arm finger spin, a skill that the Bangladesh captain, the team's talisman, has mastered. India are set to face Bangladesh in their next World Cup match, and the numbers are telling. In ODIs since 2022, Indian batters have conceded 42 wickets to left-arm spinners, as opposed to 21 and 24 wickets to leg-spinners and off-spinners, respectively.

Shakib Al Hasan would naturally be pleased with this statistic, but there's a twist. The availability of the Bangladesh skipper for the game at the Maharashtra Cricket Stadium in Gahunje, located just 30 kms from Pune, is under a cloud. Shakib sustained an injury to his left quadriceps, and the Bangladesh management has yet to confirm his participation in the match.

"He's got amazing control. He's a very experienced bowler. He bowls very well with the new ball, knows how to deceive the batsman, and is also very economical. You have to play your best against all these bowlers," Virat Kohli said on the eve of the game. Shakib has 10 wickets in four games at an average of 18 and strike rate of 24 against India since 2022.

The Indian team have stated that they have no special strategy to counter Shakib, and whether or not he plays is inconsequential to them. "Honestly, I don't think any conversation that we have out here, we know he is a good player. He has done well for Bangladesh, he is a champion player, he is handy, he bats for the team, he bowls well, he bowls in the powerplay, he's a quality bowler and I think you got to give that to him. But for us really it doesn't really," India bowling coach Paras Mhambrey said on the eve of the game.

Putting the Shakib factor aside, the Bangladesh side has discovered ways to unsettle even the strongest of Indian teams. Recent statistics reflect Bangladesh's rise in this fixture. Bangladesh have won three of their last four ODIs against India, with their victories occurring in bilateral matches and the recent Asia Cup fixture, which was a less significant occasion.

Far from being a bilateral or dead rubber scenario, it is a live World Cup contest and this India team is in red hot form, with the batters, led by Rohit Sharma, in marauding mood and bowlers spearheaded by Jasprit Bumrah and Kuldeep Yadav operating with clockwork precision. All of which would point to India being favourites but there have been spanners thrown left and right in this tournament so far. So don't rule out any result just yet.

When: India vs Bangladesh, October 19, 2023, 14:00 IST

Where: Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium, Pune

What to expect: The pitch here has traditionally been a batter's paradise and it is unlikely to be any different on Thursday although it is fresh and being used for the first time in the season and the weather could be a little cool because of a cyclone warning in the neighbourhood.

Team Watch:

India

Given the small boundaries of Pune Stadium, including an extra spinner is ruled out and the Indian team is unlikely to make changes to the XI that played against Pakistan on October 14.

Tactics & Matchups:

Mohammed Siraj has the best PowerPlay record in 2023 and will look to add to that against Litton Das, who he has dismissed twice in 22 balls.

Probable XI: Rohit Sharma (c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj

Bangladesh

Bangladesh XI is a big puzzle with the skipper's availability under a cloud. Out of form Tanzid Hasan could make way at the top to Mehidy Hasan Miraz who could be promoted as an opener. Tanzim Hasan Sakib may also get a look-in.

Tactics & Matchups:

Shakib Al Hasan has dismissed Virat Kohli five times in 148 balls bowled at India's batting talisman. He also concedes runs at less than a run-a-ball in this matchup.

Probable XI: Litton Das, Tanzid Tamim, Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Shakib Al Hasan* (c), Mushifiqur Rahim (wk), Towhid Hridoy, Mahmudullah, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam

Did you know?

- Only 6 wickets have fallen to spin in the last three matches here. In fact, spinners averaged 109.66 as opposed to the pacers' 33.83 in these games.

- Rohit Sharma averages 69.66 against Bangladesh in ODIs he's played against them as captain

- Shakib Al Hasan has three 50+ scores in four World Cup games against India in World Cups

What they said:

"Ask me about it man. It has been tough. I thought the last few years, a couple of years, it has been really tough. It is tough to miss someone like Bumrah. You have seen him in the last three games that he has played, what he brings to the table, he is a world class bowler. He gives you that breakthrough that you require in the power plays. He's well adapted to bowl in the middle overs and he's a top gun dead bowler." - Paras Mhambrey on Jasprit Bumrah's value to the team

"I think Virat Kohli is the guy for me that you think about the night before, or two days out, because that's how we value his scalp." - Bangladesh bowling coach Allan Donald on the biggest fish in the opposition camp.

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
India Bangladesh ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 Shakib Al Hasan ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, 17th Match
RELATED STORIES
Travis Head: Australia's free-spirited, non-plussed giant killer
The wheels of Indian cricket will keep spinning fast
It's the pinnacle of international cricket - Cummins on World Cup win
There were a lot of emotions, it was tough to see - Dravid
The cascading effect of the middle overs cacophony
'The big risk we took paid off' - Cummins on Head
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Mominul voices concern over potential two-tier Test system
3h ago
BGT 2024-25 - A contest headlined by two pace attacks
4h ago
BCCI shortlists WPL venues; Baroda likely to host the final
4h ago
Renegades stay alive as they overcome Scorchers in Perth
5h ago
Maphaka takes first steps on a long road
6h ago
I would've taken Shami to Australia - Ravi Shastri
9h ago
More News
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you non-personalized ads. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policyOK
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
Privacy Preferences
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
Cricbuzz asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/128131/bangladesh-seek-shakib-reassurance-for-big-india-clash 
 ----- 
