NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
NBA
Scoreboard
Standings
Teams
Stats
BetMGM NBA Odds
Players
Playoffs
Video
WNBA
Jokic has historic triple-double as Nuggets beat Nets in OT
Associated Press
October 30, 2024 - 1:30am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:9d1130d71fee729685b2860e Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Nikola Jokic posted a monster triple-double with 29 points, 18 rebounds, and 16 dimes to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 144-139 win over the Brooklyn Nets.
0 comments

NEW YORK — Nikola Jokic had 29 points, 18 rebounds and 16 assists, becoming only the second player in NBA history to reach those totals in a game, and the Denver Nuggets beat the Brooklyn Nets 144-139 in overtime on Tuesday night.

Jamal Murray and Aaron Gordon each scored 24 points for the Nuggets, while Russell Westbrook added 22.

Dennis Schroder scored 28 points for Brooklyn, which led by 17 in the second quarter. Cam Thomas scored 26 and Cam Johnson had 20. Nic Claxton added 16 points and 12 rebounds.

Thomas gave the Nets a 127-125 lead with the first basket of overtime, but the Nuggets scored the next eight points and led the rest of the way.

Takeaways

Nuggets: Denver has beaten the Nets four straight times. Jokic has two triple-doubles in the Nuggets’ first four games and has scored at least 40 twice, with neither of those outbursts occurring within the triple-doubles.

Nets: The Nets had season-highs of 40 points in the first quarter and 72 points in the first half. They played without Ben Simmons, who missed his first game of the season due to lower back injury management.

Key moment

The Nets led by one when Dorian Finney-Smith went to the foul line with 24 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. He only made one of two, allowing Jokic’s inside bucket to tie the score with 8.8 seconds remaining. Finney-Smith then missed an open 3-pointer from the corner at the buzzer, sending the game into overtime.

Key stat

Hall of Famer Oscar Robertson, who did it twice, is the only other player to have at least 29 points, 18 rebounds and 16 assists in a game.

Up next

The Nets visit Memphis on Wednesday and the Nuggets head to Minnesota on Friday.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Mavericks fend off Timberwolves in West finals rematch behind Irving’s 35 points
NBA fines 76ers $100K for comments on Embiid’s status
NBA NEWS
NBAAssociated Press
76ers rookie Jared McCain out for season
NBAAssociated Press
Roundup: Timberwolves win third in a row
NBAAssociated Press
Warriors hold off Pistons after two big losses at home
NBAAssociated Press
Lakers-Hornets game postponed due to wildfires
NBASportsnet Staff
Kawhi steps away from Clippers due to fires
MORE HEADLINES
NBAAssociated Press
Rockets beat Grizzlies to spoil Morant's return
NBAMichael Grange
SGA shrugs off loss to Cavs in marquee clash
NBAAssociated Press
Redick's family evacuated due to L.A. wildfires
NBASportsnet Staff
Report: Magic's Banchero returning Friday
NBASportsnet Staff
Raptors sign Canada's Omoruyi to 10-day deal
NBASportsnet Staff
Report: Mavericks' Irving out 1-2 weeks

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/nba/article/jokic-has-historic-triple-double-as-nuggets-beat-nets-in-ot/ 
 ----- 
