Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets Prediction and Preview | Oct. 29, 2024
Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets Prediction and Preview | Oct. 29, 2024
By
Juan Paolo David
Modified Oct 29, 2024 10:30 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
NBA: Denver Nuggets at Brooklyn Nets - Source: Imagn

There are only four NBA games scheduled for Oct. 29, including the Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets matchup at the Barclays Center. The Nuggets are coming off their first win of the season over the Toronto Raptors, while the Nets are looking to build on their victory (115-102) against the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday.

Denver started the season with back-to-back losses to the OKC Thunder and LA Clippers. They were then dominated by the Thunder and outlasted by the Clippers in the fourth quarter. They barely defeated the Raptors on Monday night, needing overtime to get a 127-125 win.

Trending

Meanwhile, the Nets earned their first win under coach Jordi Fernandez on Sunday versus the Bucks. They outplayed Milwaukee for most of the game, showing a lot of heart, hustle and tenacity. Before that triumph, Brooklyn had lost to the Atlanta Hawks and the Orlando Magic.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets game details,
odds, preview, betting tips and prediction

The Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets game is scheduled for a 7:30 p.m. EST tip-off at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.

It will be televised locally on Altitude Sports and KTVD in Denver and the YES Network in Brooklyn. It will also be available via live streaming on NBA League Pass and FuboTV, which are paid subscriptions.

Odds

Moneyline: Nuggets (-227) vs Nets (+189)

Spread: Nuggets -5.5 (-109) vs Nets +5.5 (-112)

Total (O/U): Nuggets o218 (-112) vs Nets u218 (-108)

Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets preview

The Denver Nuggets are off to a rough start to the season and have a glaring need for a 3-point shooter. The Nuggets are having trouble knocking down shots, making Nikola Jokic's time a little tougher on the black. It's too early to panic, but they have to figure it out as soon as possible given how deep the West is.

Meanwhile, the Brooklyn Nets are not projected to be a good team this season. The Nets are in full rebuild but appear competitive under coach Jordi Fernandez. They have a good young core and a bunch of scrappy veterans.

Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets betting tips

Nikola Jokic scored at least 40 points in back-to-back games, carrying the Denver Nuggets on his back. Jokic has an over/under of 28.5 points, with the odds favoring him to score less. However, it's smarter to bet on him to go over, given how he's looking to score in the past two contests.

Dennis Schroder has been the best player for the Brooklyn Nets early in the season. He's favored to score more than 16.5 points, which is likely attainable against a Nuggets team with no great perimeter defenders. Bet on the guard to go over (-114) on Tuesday night.

Denver Nuggets vs Brooklyn Nets prediction

Despite their struggles, the Denver Nuggets are favored to beat the Brooklyn Nets. The Nuggets have the personnel to make it look easy against Brooklyn but are coming off an overtime game on Monday night. Look for the Nets to have more energy and make it tough for Denver.

However, the final prediction for this game is a close win for the Nuggets (-227), with the Nets covering the (+5.5) spread.

Nuggets Fan? Check out the latest Denver Nuggets depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Denver Nuggets Brooklyn Nets Ben Simmons Nikola Jokic NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 Game Preview
Edited by Bhargav
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/denver-nuggets-vs-brooklyn-nets-prediction-preview-oct-29-2024 
 ----- 
