Skip to content
Subscribe Now
42°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS 10 reported deaths from L.A. County wildfires, medical examiner says
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants score early and often with 5 home runs to power Landen Roupp’s first career win in 9-0 rout of Royals
Matt Chapman and LaMonte Wade Jr. each slugged a pair of homers, and Mike Yastrzemski added a fifth to support Roupp’s five shutout innings
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI – SEPTEMBER 21: Matt Chapman #26 of the San Francisco Giants celebrates his home run with Michael Conforto #8 of the San Francisco Giants in the sixth inning against the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium on September 21, 2024 in Kansas City, Missouri. (Photo by Ed Zurga/Getty Images)
By EVAN WEBECK | ewebeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 21, 2024 at 5:44 PM PST

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Don’t look now, but are the Giants suddenly a force to be reckoned with in the early innings?

Since hitting the road after their latest home stand, the Giants have scored first in all five contests and once again built an early and overpowering lead while slugging five home runs on a steamy Saturday afternoon at Kaufmann Stadium to secure their fourth win of the trip, 9-0, and clinch their third consecutive road series.

Matt Chapman and LaMonte Wade Jr. went back-to-back to lead off the fourth inning and each added another homer before Mike Yastrzemski turned it into a rout with the final blow of a six-run sixth. All nine of the Giants’ runs came in the first six innings, bringing their total on the trip to 19, tied for the fifth-most in the majors dating back to Tuesday’s 10-0 win in Baltimore.

“You know, we always talk about it but maybe not as much recently,” manager Bob Melvin said of getting to the opponent’s starting pitcher. “It always sets the tone for the game. When you score a run in the first inning, it’s always a momentum thing. Next thing you know, we have two and then we put up a crooked number. It’s been a lot better here recently.”

When the Giants boarded their charter flight for their final road trip of the season, they were having a hard time scoring in any portion of the game, having been shut out their past three games. But over the course of the season, their offensive troubles have been magnified in the early innings.

They had scored 412 runs in the first six innings, fifth-fewest in the majors, and 241 in the seventh or later, tied for the seventh-most.

But the trend has turned in the opposite direction over the past five games, to positive effect. Wade started things with a solo shot off Royals starter Brady Singer in the first and the Giants piled on from there, improving to 4-1 on the trip with all but 10 of their 29 runs coming in the first six innings.

“We’re trying to be aggressive, but that’s something we’ve gone through over the course of the season,” Melvin said. “At times we’re a little bit passive. You’re always trying to make a starter work a little bit harder and run his pitch count up. Maybe a little bit recently we’ve been going after that and not worried about pitch counts with starters.”

The early run support powered one rookie starter, Mason Black, to his first career win Friday night and a second, Landen Roupp, on Saturday.

“The offense was unreal today. Once they (put up a six-spot in the sixth), I was like, I think we’ve got it in the bag and I was going to get my first win,” said Roupp, who became the second Giants pitcher in as many days to be dumped in a laundry basket and doused with everything in sight. “I got to do it last night for Mason and got it done to me tonight. Can’t beat that.”

The Royals put runners on base in all five of Roupp’s innings but weren’t able to cash in against the 26-year-old right-hander, who used a heavy dose of his lethal curveball to complete five shutout innings, limiting Kansas City to three hits and three walks while striking out three.

“I think he did it, what, two or three times today to get out of jams, with not his best stuff early on,” said Curt Casali, who quarterbacked three pitchers to the Giants’ 10th shutout of the season and contributed a pair of hits and RBIs. “It just kind of goes to show what kind of pitcher he can be. He’s got four quality pitches and it’s just really hard to handle if he’s landing all of them.”

In 22 games, Roupp owns a 2.70 ERA and has been even better since moving into the starting rotation at the start of September. Including his four-inning stint out of the bullpen that prompted the move, he has logged 19 frames while allowing just two runs — a 0.95 ERA — on 11 hits.

“I was really kind of tempted to let him go back out there (for the sixth),” Melvin said of Roupp, who used a season-high 87 pitches. “But, man, he’s really focused out there. He’s intense. All this is building up with confidence and you’re seeing the type of stuff he has and what he can accomplish.”

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Landen Roupp throws during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel) 

The Giants’ five home runs tied their most in one game all season, matching their April 13 win at Tampa Bay, while Chapman and Wade’s power display accomplished an ever rarer feat. It was the first time two Giants players hit multiple home runs in one game since Thairo Estrada and Joc Pederson on June 11, 2023.

“I think guys are just really clicking right now,” said Wade, who collected his first multi-homer game since July 25, 2021, and has now homered three times in eight at-bats against Singer. “The offense has really improved these last couple series, which is a really good sign, to see guys aren’t just throwing in the towel. We’re disappointed in how the year went, but that doesn’t mean we can’t finish strong.”

Chapman, a new dad, and Wade, who had 120-plus friends and family in the stands in Baltimore, were both riding emotional highs. As for Yastrzemski, well, he’s just been hot. His two-run shot in the sixth was his seventh homer of the month, tied with July 2021 for the second-most he has hit in one month and giving him 18 on the year.

Chapman only arrived in Kansas City about 3 hours before gametime Saturday after his wife, Taylor, gave birth to their first daughter, Gia, on Thursday. Before catching his 8 a.m. flight from Arizona, he said, “I told her I was going to hit a homer for her. I was thinking about her when I was running around the bases.”

With seven games left, he could set his sights on a notable number in Giants lore: the 30-homer threshold, which no San Francisco hitter has reached since Barry Bonds.

“I don’t know, I’m going to have to go on an Ohtani run,” grinned Chapman, whose pair of homers still made him one of four Giants to reach 26 since 2010.

If ever was the time, it’s now. One thing everyone in the clubhouse could agree on was the boost of becoming a new dad.

“With Chappy’s newfound dad strength, not that he needed anymore pop in his bat,” Casali said. “It happens all the time. It’s just so crazy how when you have a kid, you’re going to homer that day. It’s wild. To do it twice is a really special thing to do.”

“I think dad strength is real,” added Wade.

“I guess so,” Chapman said. “They talk about it. I’ve seen guys hit a lot of homers on the first day they’re back from having a baby. So I’m glad I got to join that club.”

RELATED ARTICLES
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?
Notable

IF Marco Luciano was optioned to Triple-A to clear a roster spot for Chapman, who was reinstated from the paternity list. But with only one game left in the River Cats’ season, Luciano will report to Arizona, where he will begin taking reps in the outfield for the first time in his career, Melvin said.

Up next

Rain is in the forecast for most of Sunday, but if they play the series finale it will feature LHP Blake Snell (4-3, 3.31) against former Padres teammate RHP Seth Lugo (16-8, 3.05). If weather renders the game unplayable, it could create a chaotic chain of events as the Royals are in the thick of the AL wild card race but don’t share any remaining off days with the Giants. First pitch is scheduled for 11:10 a.m. PT.

Originally Published: September 21, 2024 at 4:26 PM PST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet The Number One Enemy
Sugar Defender
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
A 60-yr-old Professional Engineer Designed The Nail Clipper for Seniors All Over
viveala
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for South Carolina Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking South Carolina by Storm!
Libiyi
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
Neuropathy: 1 Simple Method to Relieve Your Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Lawyers Blvd
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Baffled!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
10 Foods You Shouldn't Touch if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Your Car Insurance Too Expensive? Do This!
Policy Wagon
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Top 15 Worst Foods to Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Say Goodbye to Arthritis Pain With This Simple Daily Routine
Healthier Living Tips
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Dentists Shocked: Basic Vitamin Stops Teeth Falling out & Rebuild Gums
WellnessGaze Dental
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Opinion: Peter Yarrow said to call him anytime. And now I can’t
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Bay Area News Group boys athlete of the week: Gianni Clark, Washington-Fremont basketball
Map: Palisades Fire evacuation zone is expanded
Map: Palisades Fire evacuation zone is expanded
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
At-large Mountain View barber now linked to more than two dozen drugged sex assaults
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers

TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?
What’s next for SF Giants after Burnes signs with Diamondbacks?
2024
September
21
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/21/sf-giants-score-early-and-often-with-5-home-runs-to-power-landen-roupps-first-career-win-in-9-0-rout-of-royals/ 
 ----- 
