Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Royals 'expect more' of themselves as slump reaches 6 games
Share
Royals 'expect more' of themselves as slump reaches 6 games
Kansas City's lead in Wild Card race drops to 1 game over Detroit
September 22nd, 2024

Anne Rogers

@anne__rogers
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- A few times during this offensive rut the Royals find themselves in, hitters have emphasized that the way to get back to playing their brand of baseball is by scoring early, which puts pressure on the opposing pitching staff from the beginning of the game.

Bobby Witt Jr. wants the Royals to just score: Early, late, whenever, however.

“I think just scoring in general,” Witt said of the emphasis on the offense. “Once we do that, we’ll get the confidence back and it’ll be good.”

Complete coverage: Royals’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Right now, it’s not so good for the Royals, who did not score at all in their 9-0 loss to the Giants at Kauffman Stadium, extending the losing streak to six games and increasing the concern with seven games to go in the regular season.

Kansas City has endured its two worst losing streaks of the season over the last three weeks, dropping a season-worst seven in a row at the end of August through the beginning of September before six consecutive in the past week.

Although they still sit as the second American League Wild Card team, the Royals’ grip on a postseason spot has slipped considerably: They’re now just a half-game ahead of the Twins, who have a doubleheader against the Red Sox on Sunday and are in the third spot. The Royals are just one game ahead of the Tigers, the first team out of playoff position. The Royals do not have the head-to-head tiebreaker against the Twins but do against the Tigers.

Saturday’s loss handed the Guardians the American League Central title. Since Aug. 28, the Royals have gone from being tied with the Guardians for the division lead -- with a 6 1/2-game cushion for a postseason spot -- to just one game separating them from the second Wild Card spot and being out of playoff position.

“When you lose, it stings,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “It’s no fun. No one in there is having fun right now. You don’t want to play like this, especially in front of your own fans. We expect more of ourselves. Our fans expect more of us, and we’ve put ourselves in a position that they should. And we have just not played well in this last stretch of games.”

Related
Royals sign remaining arb-eligible players to one-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'We're going to win': Lorenzen reunites with Royals on 1-year deal

January 8th, 2025

Where KC's rotation stands with Lorenzen back

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Royals sign versatile Biggio to Minor League deal

January 5th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

In the five previous games entering Saturday, the Royals were outscored by just seven runs, including a trio of one-run defeats and a pair of two-run losses.

On Saturday, the Royals trailed by nine runs by the sixth inning. Brady Singer allowed four solo home runs and was charged with six total runs in 5 1/3 innings. Reliever Carlos Hernández took over in the sixth and was charged with another three runs in the Giants’ six-run inning.

Singer was “not sure” what led to the season-high 12 hard hits against him, he said. LaMonte Wade Jr. tagged him for two homers; Matt Chapman added two more.

“Four home runs, obviously not what you want to do,” said Singer, who has a 6.19 ERA in his past six starts, all Royals losses.

Once again, though, the offense was a glaring absence. Kansas City has scored just 13 runs over its current six-game skid and has gone just 8-for-52 with runners in scoring position (.154). On Saturday, the Royals had a baserunner in seven of their nine innings. A runner was on second base in the first five innings. All were stranded.

“We have to put together better at-bats,” said Witt, who is 4-for-7 this series with a walk. “When we score first and get on the board, that’s when things are going well. We’re not doing that right now.”

Since Aug. 28, when the first long losing streak began, the Royals have averaged 3.18 runs per game in a 22-game span. In the 133 games before Aug. 28, the Royals averaged 4.88 runs per game, which ranked eighth in MLB and fifth in the AL.

The drop-off has been jarring, and the frustration is palpable. With a week to go, they’ve got to fix it quickly.

“We’re in a playoff race in the last week of the season because of the guys in that room and the character and the way they’ve turned the page all year,” Quatraro said. “We’re having a tougher time turning the page. Teams get into these ruts. We got to figure out, with a week to go, how to get out of this rut. And you know what I’m going to say is we’ve got our best opportunity to start that tomorrow. And they’re completely aware of that.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

Anne Rogers covers the Royals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/royals-drop-6th-straight-game-amid-2024-playoff-chase 
 ----- 
