Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cole dominates for 9 (almost 10?) as Yanks outlast A's
Share
Cole dominates for 9 (almost 10?) as Yanks outlast A's
New York takes opener of final series in Oakland, stays 4 games up on Baltimore in AL East
September 21st, 2024

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

OAKLAND -- This time, there were no intentional walks to interrupt Gerrit Cole's start -- just a vintage performance that suggested the Yankees' ace may be ready for October.

Cole bounced back from the controversial free pass that unraveled his last start to produce his best outing of the season, firing nine innings in the Yankees’ 4-2, 10-inning victory over the Athletics on Friday evening at the Coliseum.

"You want to pitch better, but you try not to over-adjust, either,” Cole said. “It’s kind of a balance. I was excited to pitch today because I had a chance to go do something positive for the team.”

Complete coverage: Yankees’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The Yankees scored the go-ahead run in the 10th on a passed ball that skipped by catcher Shea Langeliers, allowing Jasson Domínguez to slide home safely. Drama was already underway during that plate appearance, when Juan Soto emerged from the first-base dugout, bat in hand.

Scratched from the lineup due to swelling in his bruised left knee, Soto ripped a run-scoring double to deep left field off T.J. McFarland before exiting for a pinch-runner. Anthony Volpe added an RBI single, his third hit of the game, to provide cushion before Luke Weaver got the final three outs for his third save.

With the victory, the Yankees remained four games ahead of the Orioles in the American League East, with eight games remaining. Cole’s 99-pitch gem was the key.

"Just an outstanding performance,” manager Aaron Boone said. “Nine innings, to be that pitch-efficient, I’m just proud of him. He obviously put us in a position to win a game where we were struggling to get much offense going for most of it. He kept us right there.”

In Cole’s previous start on Saturday against the Red Sox at Yankee Stadium, he had yet to permit a hit with one out in the fourth inning, when he flashed four fingers and pointed Rafael Devers to first base. The decision backfired, preceding Cole permitting a season-high seven runs.

Caught in the crosshairs of hot-topic sports talk all week, the right-hander turned the page by limiting the Athletics to a run on two hits, walking one and striking out seven. Cole said he benefited from “a combination of their aggressiveness and executing good pitches early in the count.”

Related
Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

January 9th, 2025

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

Steinbrenner addresses Yanks' hot topics at Owners Meetings

November 21st, 2024

After triggering opt-out, Cole staying with Yanks on existing deal

November 5th, 2024

Cole opts out; Yanks can void it by adding $36 million to contract (source)

November 3rd, 2024

"There were some balls that were hit hard, but they were well-located,” Cole said. “We funneled the balls to our defenders; specifically, Gleyber [Torres] had a couple of tough chances. … We just converted all of the outs that we had an opportunity to convert.”

Added catcher Austin Wells: “He did a great job just mixing up all of his pitches this whole night. Not many pitchers are going nine innings anymore, so that was special.”

It marked the first time Cole touched the seventh inning this season, then he went much further; Cole said he even lobbied Boone to pitch the 10th if the game remained tied, though that suggestion was quickly nixed.

"I didn’t fatigue tonight, which is a good sign,” Cole said. “I had more in the tank, which is also a good sign. That allowed us to execute pitches well into the night. I hadn’t pitched in the seventh, eighth or ninth yet. That felt really good, and so it was nice to see it come together.”

It has been a challenging year for Cole, the reigning American League Cy Young Award winner. Sidelined during Spring Training with right elbow inflammation, Cole did not make his season debut until June 19.

His game log has been a mixed bag -- as he acknowledged, “There’s been a lot of good games, but there’s been a couple of clunkers, for sure.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The glass-half-full take on Cole’s campaign could be that his arm is livelier now than it would have been had he made 33 starts, as he did last season when he paced the AL with 209 innings.

That could be bad news for playoff opponents, and a very good sign for the Yankees.

"I’d much rather have 212 innings under my belt,” Cole said. “Regardless of how I feel today, you’ve been in the flow of the league since April. That experience is invaluable. But I feel like we’re in a good spot right now. Just keep trying to press and go forward with a lot of confidence."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Gerrit Cole

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/gerrit-cole-pitches-nine-innings-vs-athletics-yankees-win-in-10 
 ----- 
