Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Phillies' party left on ice with magic number still at 1
Share
Phillies' party left on ice with magic number still at 1
Nola regains form vs. NL Central champion Brewers in potential postseason preview
September 19th, 2024

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- Ten unopened cases of beer sat outside the visitors’ clubhouse on Wednesday night at American Family Field.

The Phillies hoped to open those cases and toast a third consecutive trip to the postseason. Instead, following a 2-1 walk-off loss to the Brewers, they postponed their toast until no earlier than Thursday night at Citi Field in New York.

The Phillies can clinch their first NL East title in 13 years no earlier than Friday night.

Whenever it happens -- the Phillies have a seven-game lead over the Mets with 10 games to play -- they will celebrate properly with loads of champagne and beer.

Complete coverage: Phillies' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The Brewers celebrated with beer and champagne on Wednesday night. They clinched the NL Central in the afternoon when the Cubs lost to the A’s. But Milwaukee still had something to play for at night, and it showed.

The Brewers are trying to catch the Dodgers for the NL’s No. 2 seed, which would give Milwaukee a first-round bye and home-field advantage in the NL Division Series. In any case, the Phillies and Brewers could meet again in the NL Championship Series.

“Maybe,” Phillies right-hander Aaron Nola said. “We’ve got to keep winning. If that point comes, that point comes.”

Nola pitched brilliantly against Milwaukee. He allowed one run in seven innings, allowing only three hits and one walk and striking out nine, successfully rebounding from two consecutive substandard starts.

“Everything felt good,” Nola said. “My command was pretty good. I felt like I was getting early outs. I went deep in a game. I feel like it’s been a while.”

Key roster decisions loom for Phillies

The Phillies entered the night with a 34-game winning streak when their starter pitched seven or more innings. It was the longest streak in franchise history and the second-longest streak in MLB history. The 1942 Cardinals won 42 in a row.

Nola made his only mistake in the fifth inning, when a 2-2 curveball found the middle of the plate and Rhys Hoskins hit a solo homer to left field.

"Right when he hit, I just kind of felt like I've seen that a lot on our side from him,” Nola said about his former Phillies teammate. “I've seen that guy hit curveballs out plenty of times. Honestly, it didn't really surprise me that he hit that pitch right there. But he put a good swing on it. He's a tough at-bat. I obviously know that. I've seen it for many years.”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

1:11 AM UTC

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

2:26 AM UTC

Answering fans' questions about Suárez's role, NLDS strategy & more

October 2nd, 2024

With MLB's 2nd-best record secured, Phils set sights on NLDS

September 29th, 2024

Seeking an infielder: Who could Angels target?

December 16th, 2024

Phillies 'very interested' in coveted Japanese ace Sasaki

December 11th, 2024

But the Phillies’ streak ended, not because Nola gave up a homer to Hoskins, but because the Phillies’ offense couldn’t get anything going. They struck out 16 times on Wednesday. They also struck out 16 times in Tuesday’s 5-1 victory.

It’s too much.

“We’ve got to get back to our two-strike approach, use the field and eliminate chase,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said.

It was the first time in franchise history the Phillies had struck out 16-plus times in consecutive games.

“I don’t think it’s anything to freak out about or anything like that,” said Alec Bohm, who hit a solo homer to left in the second inning. “Obviously, we could put the ball in play a little bit more. But we’re also going up against some pretty good pitching. Would it be nice to put the ball in play a couple more times? Yeah, for sure. But I don’t think it’s anything we’re going to bang our heads against a wall about.

“I don’t think it’s a thing that we’re going to keep seeing. Obviously, we have a lot of big hitters in our lineup. A lot of power. A lot of guys who are going to have their strikeouts from time to time.”

The only concern is that the Phillies swung and missed a lot last fall in the NLCS, ending their season short of a World Series championship.

This group believes it can avoid a similar struggle.

“Just the track record, and obviously we take pride in being able to hit good pitching,” Bohm said. “Typically, we do a pretty good job of it. Obviously, a couple games this series we did punch out a lot. But we’re also able to put up five runs in a game punching out [16] times. I think it doesn’t always tell the whole story, but I do think obviously we’re going to not want to keep doing that.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I like our lineup against anybody,” Thomson said. “I’m confident in that.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Aaron Nola
Alec Bohm

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/phillies-fall-to-brewers-putting-clincher-on-hold 
 ----- 
