Skip to main content
Brew Hoop homepage
a Milwaukee Bucks community
Follow Brew Hoop online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Brew Hoop main menu
SECTIONS 
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Monday Morning Media Roundup: The Indifference Sets In

Milwaukee Bucks links for your perusal on November 11th, 2024

By Riley Feldmann@RileyFeldmann  Nov 11, 2024, 7:40am CST  6 Comments / 6 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Riley Feldmann has been an editor at Brew Hoop since 2018, and has been writing about the Bucks since 2013.

10 games into the 2024-2025 regular season and we’re already asking the important questions. Namely, who has less interest in the fate of the Milwaukee Bucks right now? Me, Riley Feldmann, or members of the Milwaukee Bucks themselves?

I ask only partially in jest. The truth is, while I was already over these Milwaukee Bucks before the season even began, even I am shocked at how quickly my rooting interest has faded. What is more disturbing than that is the sense that the same rot may be affecting the players themselves.

Of course, I’ve no tangible evidence to point to in backing up my conjecture. I mean, Giannis is telling people they can take a hike if they don’t want to stick around to work through this, but surely that’s a normal reaction to the given situation and not a sign for deeper worry. Outside of that quip, though, the signs of indifference on the part of the players can range from the obvious (guys not closing out hard, “help defense” to make it seem like you’re doing something when you were just ball-watching, literally rebounding) to the quiet (Bobby Portis seems hellbent on playing his way for contract purposes, Pat has never been an outwardly fiery guy and is now a relative husk, the FAs are mercenaries who haven’t been given a reason by their teammates to care about the larger project, Damian Lillard is as lead-by-example as it gets, etc.). As the losses continue to pile up, who else can emerge as a firefighter not named Giannis? If the same guy keeps harping on the same themes, others will inevitably tune him out even if he is THE superstar.

Not all need be lost just yet. The upcoming schedule does get easier. Khris Middleton may return to the court one day. They’ve gotten painfully close to victories a number of times only to run out of gas/shoot themselves in the foot. But until they start turning the ship around, know that on game nights I’m out there somewhere staring at the pretty colors on the flashing screen with a blank stare and disbelief that I get to root for a professional basketball team with a .200 winning percentage.

Let’s roundup!

Milwaukee Bucks Links
Giannis Antetokounmpo calls out Bucks after blowout loss to Knicks: ‘We didn’t compete at all’ (CBS Sports)

The other underlying concern that I did not highlight in my opening statement: even if Khris Middleton ever plays basketball again, my confidence in the defense is completely shot. They’ve managed decent stretches of play without ever showing me that they’ve a clue how to make it work for most of a 48 minute game. Andre Jackson Jr.’s continuing presence helps a bit, but he is but one man and we’ll have to see if he can sustain his time on the court (i.e. continue to avoid foul trouble).

MVP Ladder: Anthony Davis, Jayson Tatum get jump on elite field (NBA.com)

Posting if only because I’m stunned he somehow made it to ninth place in this exercise. Giannis has looked relatively strong as ever, although the mental mistakes and poor decisions on offense feel all the more glaring because Milwaukee’s margins are razor thin most nights. Defensively, well... you know, at least he’s on that end of the floor in theory.

Bucks Pro Shop to launch merch collaboration with Roots of Fight (WTMJ)

Be still my beating heart. That looks like the 1968 jersey design’s “Bucks” in green and red AND CURSIVE??? I rarely give teams revenue via merchandise purchases, but in this case I’m willing to make an exception. I’ve been begging for this exact thing on Deer Diaries (A Milwaukee Bucks Podcast!) for years!

It’s Not Just Ant. Almost All the NBA’s Young Stars Are Bombing Away From 3. (The Ringer)

To wit: AJ Green has a perfect 1.000 3PAr on the season (meaning he has not taken a single non-three shot attempt) and a .897 TS% to boot. Some are trendsetters and others are followers. I know which group I’d put Milwaukee’s “young “star”” in.

Know Your NBA Enemy
Toronto Raptors - Raptors HQ - It’s time to start the Gradey Dick Most Improved Campaign

This is an award that tends to go to sophomores who show marked growth from whatever baseline they set in their rookie season, so making the case for Dick falls within a time-honored tradition. However, like with all awards, let’s give it more than a few weeks before ordering up the campaign materials. Unless, of course, ninth-place is the best Giannis will get in terms of MVP voting this year in which case: STOP THE COUNT!

Detroit Pistons - Detroit Bad Boys - Film Don’t Lie: Why JBB benched Duren in the third quarter

Jalen Duren, YOU are a Milwaukee Buck with some of these defensive possessions!

Charlotte Hornets - At The Hive - Recap/Analysis: Miller and Melo power Hornets past Pacers

A team that will probably end the season with a pretty sucky record, but who have also shown the capability to play defense occasionally AND they have young players who handle the ball a lot? GULP.

The Social Media Section

Keep on the lookout for Bobby’s items (although if they haven’t been found by now, odds are he’s never getting that stuff back)

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Bobby BP Portis (@bportistime)

Looks itchy as all get out

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Damian Lillard (@damianlillard)

This dude is one of the kinds of guys of all time

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Liam Robbins (@liamrobbins0)

Otherwise, as you’d expect guys aren’t really posting with the defeats piling up at their feet. Once they win more than a game every other week, expect this section of the MMMR to fill out.

Riley’s 2024-2025 Prediction Record: 5-5

Milwaukee Bucks 2024-2025 Actual Record: 2-8

I’m usually not up above the Bucks by this much this deep into the season. No, we will not begin using this as another tracking stat to emphasize how lackluster the year has been so far, but it is worth mentioning!

The games on deck!

NBA CUP — v. Toronto Raptors, Tuesday, Nov. 12th — 7:00 PM (Central)
v. Detroit Pistons, Wednesday, Nov. 13th — 7:00 PM (Central)
@ Charlotte Hornets, Saturday, Nov. 16th — 2:00 PM (Central)

I will say 1-2 on the week with losses to the Raptors and Hornets. All three of these opponents have gotten drubbed at least occasionally, but with Milwaukee’s back against the wall I will withhold confidence in their beating crappy young teams with any regularity until they... actually start doing that regularly. Hopefully this is the start of new trend!

Happy Monday!

MORE FROM BREW HOOP
An update on the Jimmy Butler trade rumors
Bucks vs. Spurs: Giving Them the Boot
Rapid Recap: Bucks 121, Spurs 105
Bucks vs Spurs: Game Thread
Report: Khris Middleton to be removed from starting lineup
Milwaukee Bucks vs. San Antonio Spurs Preview: A clash of titans
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.brewhoop.com/2024/11/11/24293129/monday-morning-media-roundup-milwaukee-bucks-nba-indifference-regular-season-giannis-antetokounmpo 
 ----- 
