Skip to content
Subscribe Now
24°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Massachusetts Macy’s store shutting down amid nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’ January 9, 2025 at 7:15 pm
SPORTSNBABOSTON CELTICS
Celtics’ Payton Pritchard favored for Sixth Man of the Year amid career-best start
Boston Celtics’ Payton Pritchard tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks’ Taurean Prince during the first half of an NBA basketball game Sunday, Nov. 10, 2024, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: November 11, 2024 at 12:55 PM EST

The Bucks held a comfortable lead over the Celtics throughout the first half of their Sunday afternoon matchup at Fiserv Forum.

But another strong outing by Payton Pritchard ensured “comfortable” did not become insurmountable.

Boston’s bench scoring dynamo recorded 17 of his 18 points in the first half to keep the Celtics within striking distance of the hot-shooting Bucks. Milwaukee eventually cracked, and Boston overcame a 17-point deficit to win 113-107.

During a 9 1/2-minute stretch from late in the first quarter to midway through the second, Pritchard accounted for five of the Celtics’ seven made field goals.

He went 5-for-6, all from 3-point range, with his only miss coming on a 48-foot heave at the first-quarter buzzer. (Bucks coach Doc Rivers, whose team was burned by a Pritchard buzzer-beater earlier in the season, doubled him on the play.) His Celtics teammates went a combined 2-for-11 during that span, but Boston came out of it trailing by just nine points.

Performances like that have become commonplace for Pritchard, who’s off to the best start of his career in his fifth NBA season. The energetic 26-year-old is on pace to shatter his career highs in every scoring and shooting category while emerging as the early front-runner for Sixth Man of the Year.

“Payton has been excellent this year,” Jaylen Brown told reporters after Sunday’s win. “I think he’s played as good as anybody out there, and the way he’s been shooting the ball and the way he’s been making plays for our team has been incredible. And his growth has been great to watch.”

RELATED ARTICLES
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Kristaps Porzingis follows up season-best game with bold Celtics prediction
Celtics survive scare, beat Nikola Jokic-less Nuggets to cap 3-1 road trip
Joe Mazzulla has blunt reaction to Jerod Mayo’s Patriots firing
Celtics won’t face Nikola Jokic after three-time MVP ruled out with illness

Though it would take an injury to Derrick White or Jrue Holiday to get him into the starting lineup, Pritchard has been one of the most important contributors to Boston’s 9-2 start. He’s scored 15 or more points in nine of the Celtics’ 11 games — a mark he reached in just 22% of his 82 appearances last season — and has become a more efficient 3-point shooter despite a drastic uptick in attempts.

Pritchard’s 9.1 attempted 3-pointers per game (eighth-most in the NBA) is nearly double his single-season career high of 4.7, yet he’s hitting them at a 43.0% clip, way up from his 38.5% average last season. He’s also improved his field-goal percentage on 2-pointers (66.7%, up from 58.3% in 2023-24), thanks in part to a craftier repertoire of finishing moves.

His 68.1% true shooting percentage, which factors in twos, threes and free throws, is nearly 10 percentage points higher than his career average. Head coach Joe Mazzulla has trusted him with larger workloads, too, including using him as part of Boston’s closing lineup in last Friday’s overtime win over Brooklyn while Brown sat out with a hip injury.

Pritchard scored six of the Celtics’ 14 overtime points in that game on a midrange jumper and four free throws.

“I mean, it’s funny to say this, but he’s actually a really good three-level scorer,” Mazzulla said afterward. “He can shoot threes, he can shoot pull-up twos and he can create just enough space to get layups off. So he’s a three-level scorer. But really, it’s all the stuff. His ball pressure changes the game for us, so he’s just a really good, well-rounded basketball player. Competitive, nasty.”

No NBA reserve has scored more points this season than Pritchard’s 182, and only Golden State’s Jonathan Kumiga and Buddy Hield are averaging more points per game as non-starters.

As of Monday, most prominent sportsbooks had Pritchard pegged as the NBA Sixth Man of the Year favorite. DraftKings gave him the shortest award odds at +250, followed by Hield (+600) and Indiana’s Bennedict Mathurin (+600).

“He’s a big-time player,” Brown told reporters Sunday. “Any other team, I think Payton is a guy that could contribute heavily offensively just because of his ability to make plays. So for him to be able to weather the storm and be ready when his name is called on this team is big for us.”

Originally Published: November 11, 2024 at 12:37 PM EST
Around the Web
Who is Overcharging You for South Carolina Car Insurance? (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
Insider Secrets to Playing Online Slots
Casino Review Journal
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Which Company Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina?
OTTO Quotes
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
15 Places to Get Free Food and Products Just by Asking
The Penny Hoarder
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside
Real Estate
One Drop in the Evening Means 280 New Hairs the Next Day
Moerie
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Psoriatic Arthritis: Silent but Dangerous - Know the Symptoms
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Groundbreaking Answer!
Tardive
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
This Dental Candy Rebuilds Rotten Teeth & Gums Almost Overnight
Provadent
Neuropathy? Your Nervous System Can Be Restored, Even if You're Over 50
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Lymph Fluid & Excessive Swelling? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Edema
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Early Signals of AML Leukemia You Should Definitely Know About (Take a Look)
Leukemia Treatment
If You Have a Gassy Stomach, Do This Immediately for Parasite Cleanse
WellnessGaze News
One Bite of This Keeps Blood Sugar Below 100 (Try Tonight)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Gum Disease or Tooth Decay? Try This First (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Dental
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Mucus in Lungs? Do This if You Feel Breathlessness
WellnessGaze Lung Health
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
US: Citizens Could Get Loans to Pay off Their Debts (Take a Look)
Debt Help | Search Ads
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Trump again calls to buy Greenland after eyeing Canada and the Panama Canal
‘Psycho’ Joe Mazzulla putting Celtics through grueling training camp
Four Celtics thoughts as Boston tips off New Year with tough stretch
Patriots lose No. 1 overall pick by beating Bills: Takeaways from 23-16 win
Callahan: Robert Kraft must stick the landing in Patriots’ coaching search
Patriots fire coach Jerod Mayo after one season
Massachusetts schools ‘blindsided’ by students from shelter housing migrants; Healey admin announces nearly $2M in federal funding
Massachusetts Macy’s store shutting down amid nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
Trump-connected group bashes Maura Healey, Michelle Wu for creating sanctuaries in Massachusetts
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN BOSTON CELTICS
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Kristaps Porzingis follows up season-best game with bold Celtics prediction
Celtics survive scare, beat Nikola Jokic-less Nuggets to cap 3-1 road trip
Joe Mazzulla has blunt reaction to Jerod Mayo’s Patriots firing
2024
November
11
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/11/11/celtics-payton-pritchard-favored-for-sixth-man-of-the-year-amid-career-best-start/ 
 ----- 
