GAA
Soccer
Rugby
Golf
Racing
SUBSCRIBE
|
SIGN IN
MORE STORIES
Boost for Celtic as Rangers' title hopes fade
Seamus Coleman's Everton make winning start
Irish referee Busby set for shock retirement from pro rugby
Boston Celtics' Jaylen Brown drives between Milwaukee Bucks' Pat Connaughton and Giannis Antetokounmpo. Alamy Stock Photo
NBA
Champion Celtics defeat Bucks despite big night for 'child' Giannis Antetokounmpo
Jayson Tatum delivered 31 points and 12 rebounds for the Boston side.
8.22am, 11 Nov 2024
4

JAYSON TATUM DELIVERED 31 points and 12 rebounds to spark the reigning NBA champion Boston Celtics over Milwaukee 113-107 on Sunday despite Giannis Antetokounmpo’s 43-point performance for the Bucks.

The Celtics improved to 9-2, two games behind unbeaten Cleveland in the Eastern Conference, while the host Bucks slid to 2-8.

Payton Pritchard scored 18 points off the Boston bench while Derrick White and former Buck Jrue Holiday each scored 15 points and Jaylen Brown added 14 for the Celtics.

“Team effort,” Holiday said. “It’s not easy doing it by yourself. We did it collectively.”

Greek star Antetokounmpo also grabbed 13 rebounds and elbowed Brown to the floor at one point, then offered a hand to help him up only to pull it away when Brown reached for it.

“Giannis is a child,” Brown said afterward. “I’m just focused on helping my team get a win.”

Victory eased the memory of two lopsided Boston losses in Milwaukee last season.

“It’s nice,” Holiday said. “We got blown out twice last year so getting this win here with my family in the building is awesome.”

The Bucks led 69-58 at half time but the Celtics grabbed a 87-84 edge entering the fourth quarter and closed with a 9-5 run to seal the triumph, Tatum scoring seven in the crucial stretch.

“We just picked up the intensity,” Holiday said of the third-quarter rally. “We came out, hit shots, not getting too ahead of ourselves and getting back to Celtics basketball.”

In a showdown of Western Conference contenders, Golden State’s Stephen Curry scored 36 points, hitting 7-of-13 three-point shots, to lead the Warriors in a 127-116 victory at Oklahoma City that left both clubs 8-2.

NBA / YouTube

The Thunder, led by 24 points from Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, lost star big man Chet Holmgren in the first quarter with a right hip injury after a fall and being helped off the court.

At Minneapolis, Tyler Herro scored 26 points and reserve Nikola Jovic made a game-winning three-point play with 7.1 seconds remaining to give Miami a 95-94 victory at Minnesota.

Jaden McDaniels tipped in a three-point miss by Mike Conley with nine seconds remaining to give the Timberwolves a 94-92 lead, but Jovic answered with a layup and free throw for the deciding points.

Conley missed a final three-point shot to seal Miami’s triumph, which snapped a three-game Heat losing skid and three-game T-Wolves win streak.

- Jokic, LeBron get wins -

In another late thriller, Michael Porter’s basket with 6.1 seconds remaining gave the Denver Nuggets a 122-120 home victory over Dallas.

Three-time NBA Most Valuable Player Nikola Jokic had a triple double with 37 points, 18 rebounds and 15 assists to lead Denver while Kyrie Irving scored a game-high 43 points for the Mavericks.

Also producing a triple double was LeBron James, who scored 19 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and distributed 16 assists to spark the Los Angeles Lakers over visiting Toronto 123-103.

With forward Kevin Durant out due to a left calf strain, the Phoenix Suns fell to 8-2 with a 127-118 overtime loss to visiting Sacramento.

Keegan Murray tipped in a missed shot by DeMar DeRozan with 3.2 seconds remaining to give the Kings a 111-110 lead but Devin Booker’s free throw lifted the Suns level to force overtime.

DeRozan, who had a game-high 34 points, scored eight consecutive points for a 119-113 Kings edge and the Suns never led again.

Bradley Beal scored 28 to lead Phoenix, whose win streak ended at seven.

The NBA-worst Philadelphia 76ers outlasted visiting Charlotte for a 107-105 overtime victory, improving to 2-7 on the season.

LaMelo Ball’s three-pointer with eight seconds remaining lifted Charlotte level at 97-97 to force overtime.

In overtime, Charlotte’s Grant Williams made a free throw with 0.1 of a second remaining and missed the next in hopes of a game-tying tip-in, but the 76ers grabbed the rebound to win.

At Indianapolis, Bennedict Mathurin scored 38 points and Tyrese Haliburton added 35 to lead the Indiana Pacers over New York 132-121.

Orlando had 23 points from Franz Wagner in a 121-94 home rout of Washington while Houston edged host Detroit 101-99 behind Alperen Sengun’s 27 points. Memphis routed host Portland 134-89.

– © AFP 2024

AUTHOR
AFP
View 4 comments
Send Tip or Correction
BASKETBALL
NBA
WRAP
FREE
LAGGING BEHIND
Boost for Celtic as Rangers' title hopes fade
5 hrs ago
4
TRANSFER NEWS
Wolves sign Ivory Coast international for €20 million
7 hrs ago
2
CALLING TIME
Irish referee Busby set for shock retirement from pro rugby
Murray Kinsella
15 hrs ago
153
MORE FROM US
SECTIONS
TV Listings
Quizzes
Live Blogs
GAA Fixtures
JOURNAL MEDIA
About us
Careers
Contact
Advertise With Us
OUR NETWORK
The Journal 
FactCheck Knowledge Bank 
© 2025 Journal Media Ltd
Terms of Use
Cookies & Privacy
Advertising
Comments
Copyright
Competition
Switch to Mobile
The 42 supports the work of the Press Council of Ireland and the Office of the Press Ombudsman, and our staff operate within the Code of Practice. You can obtain a copy of the Code, or contact the Council, at https://www.presscouncil.ie, PH: (01) 6489130, Lo-Call 1800 208 080 or email: mailto:info@presscouncil.ie
Your Cookies. Your Choice.
Cookies help provide our news service while also enabling the advertising needed to fund this work. We categorise cookies as Necessary, Performance (used to analyse the site performance) and Targeting (used to target advertising which helps us keep this service free).
We and our 138 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Accept All enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Cookie Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our vendors process data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Vendors

Accept All
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the42.ie/nba-wrap-boston-celtics-milwaukee-bucks-6538754-Nov2024/ 
 ----- 
