Get access to our best features
Get Started
Enable Notifications
Browser Extension
LightDark Auto
Monday, December 16, 2024
Set Location
US Edition
Home
For You
Local
Blindspot
Subscribe
Login
Israel-Hamas Conflict
US Economy
Donald Trump
US Politics
Basketball
Drones
NFL
Wrestling
Joe Biden
NBA
Youtube
Elon Musk
Republican Party
Published 3 months ago • Santiago, Chile • Updated 3 months ago
Ricardo Gareca speaks after Chile's historic loss to Bolivia in the qualifiers - La Tercera
Summary by La Tercera
The Chilean players and Ricardo Gareca speak out after falling to the highlands at the National Stadium. Look at it in the next note.
This story is only covered by news sources that have yet to be evaluated by the independent media monitoring agencies we use to assess the quality and reliability of news outlets on our platform. Learn more here.
13 Articles
All
Left
Center
Right
La Voz
Factuality
Ownership
Arturo Vidal set his sights on Gareca again: “I would never have changed Berizzo” | Football | The Voice of the Interior

Arturo Vidal reacted this Tuesday against Chile's coach, Ricardo Gareca, after the 1-2 loss to Bolivia at home, corresponding to the eighth round of the qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup. Vidal stated that “Berizzo would never have changed”, referring to the decision of the Chilean Football Federation to replace Eduardo Berizzo with Gareca. The former Barcelona and Juventus player, and current Colo Colo midfielder, also questioned the coach's de…

3 months ago
Read Full Article
rpp.pe
Factuality
Ownership
Carlos Lampe suffered a total fracture of the Achilles tendon in the Bolivian match against Chile

Carlos Lampe started the Bolivian national team. Source: EFE Photographer: Elvis González Bolivia beat Chile 2-1 as a visitor in the city of Santiago and is on track for two consecutive victories in the 2026 qualifiers. However, not all of it is good news for 'La Verde'. It so happens that in the Bolivian national team match against his rival away from home, goalkeeper Carlos Lampe suffered an injury in the first half and was changed. The even…

3 months ago
Read Full Article
cambio21.cl
Factuality
Ownership
Arturo Vidal went all out against coach Gareca because of a loss to Bolivia: I would never have changed Berizzo

3 months ago
Read Full Article
La Tercera
Factuality
Ownership
Ricardo Gareca speaks after Chile's historic loss to Bolivia in the qualifiers - La Tercera

The Chilean players and Ricardo Gareca speak out after falling to the highlands at the National Stadium. Look at it in the next note.

3 months ago
·
Chile
Read Full Article
trome.com
Factuality
Ownership
Miguel Terceros scores Bolivia's second GOAL against Chile with a great move

Ricardo Gareca's Chile falls at home to the Bolivian national team 2-1 | VIDEOWatch Eduardo Vargas's controversial GOAL, after injury to goalkeeper Carlos Lampe in Chile - Bolivia | VIDEO | HE DRESSED AS A HERO. Miguel Terceros scored Bolivia's second GOAL, in the victory of the Altiplano team against the Chilean national team, at the National Stadium in Santiago. Terceros took advantage of a left-handed shot to get out of the goalkeeper and sco…

3 months ago
Read Full Article
elpopular.pe
Factuality
Ownership
Is Ricardo Gareca resigning from Chile's national team? What he did after Bolivia's victory

Ricardo Gareca's Chilean national team has hit rock bottom after the historic defeat against Bolivia at the National Stadium in Santiago. For this reason, in the Chilean press and fans there is concern about how La Roja finished in the standings in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. YOU CAN SEE: Chile vs. Bolivia: final result, full summary, goals and more for the qualifiers What did Ricardo Gareca do that angered all of Chile? As soon as the final …

3 months ago
Read Full Article
More articles
Bias Distribution
There is no tracked Bias information for the sources covering this story.
Factuality

To view factuality data please Upgrade to Premium

Ownership

To view ownership data please Upgrade to Vantage

redgol.cl broke the news in 3 months ago on Tuesday, September 10, 2024.
Sources are mostly out of Chile (1)
Similar News Topics
Soccer
World Cup
Sports
Santiago
Show All

You have read 1 out of your 5 free daily articles.

×

Join us as a member to unlock exclusive access to diverse content. Stay informed with comprehensive global news coverage all in one place. Subscribe now to compare different perspectives, identify biases, and stay ahead of algorithms

Subscribe
US
Company
About
History
Mission
Blog
Testimonials
Group Subscriptions
Subscribe
Gift
Free Trial
Careers
Affiliates
Help
Help Center
FAQ
Contact Us
For Educators/Libraries
Media Bias Ratings
Ownership and Factuality Ratings
Referral Code
News Sources
Topics
Tools
App
Browser Extension
Daily Newsletter
Blindspot Report Newsletter
Burst Your Bubble Newsletter
Timelines
Donate
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Terms and Conditions
© 2024 Snapwise Inc
Cookie policy
Unlike other news sites, we do not share or sell your data to third-parties for targeted ads. In fact, the Ground News application and website do not run any ads at all. Our application and website use cookies and similar technologies to personalize content we deliver to you and also allows us to improve your usage of our platform through analytics. These cookies help us provide the best experience possible. Learn more about cookies and preference selection here.

By continuing to use our application or website, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Accept CookiesManage cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ground.news/article/ricardo-gareca-speaks-after-chiles-historic-loss-to-bolivia-in-the-qualifiers-la-tercera_be516d 
 ----- 
