MENU
	
BLOG



	
Not Our Circus….
Using 1%er Clubs in the Media
By Amy Irene White
9/8/2024


Share this story:
    


Hang on, I am going to say a lot of words, and step on some toes… Pull up your big girl panties and put on your steel toed boots, because I am once again going to be defending the 1% and their support clubs.

Now, I realize me defending them is like a titmouse trying to defend a pack of pitbulls… but there has been a virtual pandemic of fake news reports about bikers heading to ‘handle’ current events, and as one of their journalists, I feel like there are some things that really need to be said. When fake news is putting the upper echelon of bikerdom in the crosshairs of dangerous rumors, well… you can bet your ass I would fight a circle saw and give it a two round head start to defend them, whether they actually need me or not.

Since the Sons of Anarchy craze, it has become a rather common social media phenomenon for average people to be comfortable discussing 1%ers. Social media has removed the anonymity of our lifestyle and clubs are finding themselves openly discussed and debated like they are Taylor Swift at a football game. In truth, you really aren’t supposed to use their names and definitely not their photos, without their permission. It’s considered highly disrespectful.

Some folks are taking that one step
farther. Internet hoaxes are going viral that claim bikers are headed to deal with whatever is happening in our country. From mass shootings to political situations, there is almost always somebody taking a random photo or video of a gaggle of bikers and claiming that they are 1%ers headed to ‘fix’ something.

When you see these fake ass posts, you can bet there is a 99.99999999999 percent chance that it is all bullshit. First of all, if the 1% actually DID head somewhere to do something… y’all ain’t gonna hear about it till it’s done. Being involved in such goings on doesn’t align with club territory or bylaws. I literally just published a story in my magazine Whistlin’ Dixie debunking one of these rumors… and before that article has even left the printer, there is another viral hoax claiming 1%ers are headed to Aurora, Colorado to deal with Venezuelan gangs who commandeered apartment buildings.

How stupid do you have to be, to believe people who fight gang stereotypes daily, are going to decide to ride into a political gang war? As for so called biker journalists who share that ridiculous mess, you are a disgusting representation of what we should be. Shame on you for blasting the clubs like that, especially when it’s been debunked. Y’all know better.

After the attempted assassination on Donald Trump, several of my non-club friends sent me a post that has been going around social media that asks the question, 'Should the Hells Angels protect Donald Trump?' Many of them were surprised when I answered, 'Absolutely not.'

As much as I love Trump, and as much as I would rest better knowing he was surrounded by l%ers to protect him instead of a bunch of bumbling DEl hired female Secret Service agents. I still have to say, absolutely not.




Bikers being involved in our political landscape is actually very important, but not on this level.

I believe it speaks a lot to the shifting landscape of America’s view of freedom, trust and safety… When it’s the outlaw bikers that the layperson dreams of coming to their rescue… and not the government or police. America wants a different kind of hero to look up to these days. However, no matter how glorious it may sound.. do NOT share that shit. When you do, you are sharing lies and confusion that is actually putting them in danger. You are not supporting them when you do that… You are just complicit in spreading lies and rumors. Every time something happens, some doofus starts a rumor about OMG the 1% are headed there.. without a thought to the rippling repercussions the rumor may cause.

Those posts contribute to stereotyping and profiling. It gives cops a reason to fuck with bikers and it pisses all over the anti-profiling bills
that we diligently work to get passed all over the country. Even worse, it puts every innocent non- patched biker in those videos in danger of being harmed, arrested, or profiled. Have any of you heard of the RICO law? Waco bikers? How about the people in jail for January 6th because they were identified in videos on social media? That isn’t even mentioning you are blasting every person on two wheels to ACTUAL gangs in Colorado as their sworn enemies. That shit is going to wind up getting someone targeted or killed. This isn’t a Kurt Sutter wet dream… Its actual human lives you are playing games with for likes and shares on Facebook.

The Aurora Colorado rumor has gotten so bad the Angels as well as the National Council of Clubs have been forced to issue statements clarifying their noninvolvement. Each rumor seems to gain more and more traction… and it has to stop.

If you see a post saying ANY 1% club is headed to deal with something, it will never wind up to be true, and usually if you research the rumor, you will realize it goes against CoC territories, club rules, and general common sense. Don’t share that bullshit and contribute to the problem. Even if they ever DO decide to do things, they don't need wagging tongues of the public in their business. It’s not your business. It’s not your lane. Shut the fuck up. There is no ‘You’ in One Percent.

--Amy Irene White




NCOC STATEMENT


To Whom it Concern,

Despite recent unfounded and false social media reports, motorcycle clubs, including the Hells Angels MC, the Outlaws MC, and the Sons of Silence MC, are NOT headed to Colorado to confront unregistered immigrant workers or Venezuelan gangs.

The National Council of Clubs (NCOC), representing the interests of hundreds of motorcycle clubs and thousands of their members, is both outraged and concerned that such rumors have gone viral. The implications of these false rumors are both tangible and very real. They perpetuate negative stereotypes about all motorcycle clubs and potentially put motorcycle club members in danger at the hands of law enforcement.

Social media has no gatekeeper. By invoking the names of arguably the most recognizable and famous motorcycle clubs in the world, these social media parasites are counting on sensationalism to drive traffic to their posts without any personal responsibility.

What social media influencers don’t know, or don’t understand, is that their false claims and narratives perpetuate a stereotype that law enforcement has used for decades to justify unconstitutional discrimination and profiling against motorcycle clubs.

In fact, the US Congress has recently passed resolutions warning of these dangers and have encouraged all states to pass legislation to address the issue of motorcycle profiling.

The NCOC requests that all social and media outlets retract these false reports and cease and desist promoting lies and falsehoods that drive unconstitutional profiling and discrimination against motorcycle clubs.

--The National Council of Clubs




STATEMENT FROM THE HELLS ANGELS

A social media rumor claiming that the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club (HAMC) is headed to Aurora, Colorado to violently confront Venezuelan immigrants has gone viral. Most of these regurgitated posts are lies and attempting to validate them with videos of motorcycles riding in an organized pack is wrong.

The HAMC strongly denies the foundation and validity of these absolutely ridiculous and false claims. The HAMC does not involve itself in political issues outside of motorcycling and takes no stance on the issue of immigration or the presidential election.

The HAMC is a motorcycle club concerned only with motorcycle enthusiasm and benefitting the communities the club resides in. A video of motorcycles riding in a pack provides no proof of this false rumor. Motorcycle clubs ride in packs every day, in every corner of America. There is nothing unique about such imagery.

Social media rumors like this only serve to perpetuate a false and irresponsible narrative about the HAMC for the sole purpose of driving traffic and clicks. These rumors also have the potential of causing real harm to real people.

The HAMC has been the target of law enforcement profiling and discrimination from coast to coast, even elevating to the level of law enforcement threatening the lives of members simply based on a stereotype.

The HAMC requests that any social or media outlet that has reported this false rumor responsibly release a retraction and cease and desist perpetuating potentially dangerous lies.

Respectfully,
--The Hells Angels Motorcycle Club
Share this story:
    



Back to Of Cultural Interest




Reader Comments


Very well said, very well indeed..

Lawrence (pops) Boone
Austin, TX
Sunday, September 15, 2024
Editor Response Thanks!
--Bandit


So. We have liberal drag queens trolling bikernet now? ?????? Go fornicate yourself, and your fake name, ‘Dixie’

amy boedigheimer
Monticello, AR
Tuesday, September 10, 2024


I think the rumors about going to Colorado are wishful thinking on the part of those who started them. Protect our country.

Michael Hupy
Milwaukee , WI
Tuesday, September 10, 2024
Editor Response Thanks. And yes protect our country or die trying.
--Bandit


good read!

Rich Smith
Zephyrhills , FL
Monday, September 9, 2024
Page 1 of 2 (5 items)	
		
	[1]	
	2	
	


Your thoughts on this article
Your Name	
Email	
City	
Country	
	
State/Province	
	
Comments	
Anti-Spam Question:
Please enter the words you see in the box, in order and separated by a space. Doing so helps prevent automated programs from abusing this service.	
	
Submit
	
Clear
© 5 Ball, Inc.1996 - 2024. All Rights Reserved.
Bandit's Bikernet is a trademark of 5 Ball, Inc.
All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
11846 Ranch Road, Sturgis, South Dakota 57785
Policies  |  E-Mail Bandit   |   Phone: (310) 528-9258
Home   |   Advertising   |   Sitemap   |   Site Crafted by Robintek: Columbus Website Design
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bikernet.com/pages/Not_Our_Circus_.aspx 
 ----- 
