Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
San Diego Padres' 5-Run Rally Stands Alone in MLB History Books
All the San Diego Padres needed to knock the Atlanta Braves out of the NL Wild Card Series was a historic two-out rally in the second inning of Game 2 on Wednesday night.
Sam Connon | Oct 3, 2024
Oct 2, 2024; San Diego, California, USA; San Diego Padres outfielder Jackson Merrill (3) celebrates after a two-RBI triple during the second inning of game two in the Wildcard round for the 2024 MLB Playoffs against the Atlanta Braves at Petco Park. / Denis Poroy-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Atlanta Braves

The San Diego Padres, up 1-0 in the NL Wild Card Series, find themselves trailing the Atlanta Braves 1-0 early on Wednesday night.

Atlanta had struck first in Game 2, scoring a run on a sacrifice fly by Marcell Ozuna in the top of the opening inning. San Diego, meanwhile, came up empty in the first, and still faced a one-run deficit in the second.

Just when it seemed like the Padres were about to post another zero on the scoreboard again, they shifted into another gear entirely.

Catcher Kyle Higashioka got the ball rolling with a game-tying, solo home run to left-center with two outs in the bottom of the second – his second bomb of the series. Luis Arraez, Fernando Tatis Jr. and Jurickson Profar then loaded the bases with three consecutive singles.

Manny Machado cashed in on those baserunners with a two-RBI double that put San Diego on top. And just for good measure, standout rookie Jackson Merrill cleared the bases with a two-RBI triple.

The Padres were suddenly up 5-1, having just carved out a spot in the history books.

According to OptaSTATS, the Padres became the first team in MLB postseason history to get six consecutive hits and hit for the cycle in the same inning. Nobody had done so prior to Wednesday, period, and San Diego managed to do it all with two outs.

The Braves gave Max Fried the hook after the disastrous second inning, citing a hip injury he suffered on a comebacker from Tatis in the first. Dylan Lee took the mound in his place, followed by Daysbel Hernández, Pierce Johnson and Joe Jiménez. The four relievers combined to allow two hits, two walks and no runs.

However, Atlanta's offense was only able to scrape up one run in the fifth, leaving them down 5-2 entering the eighth. Michael Harris II's two-run shot that inning cut the gap to one, but the comeback ended there.

The Padres swept the Braves out of the postseason thanks to a historic rally, advancing to an NLDS matchup with the Los Angeles Dodgers in the process.

San Diego and Los Angeles will face off for Game 1 of that series on Saturday at 8:30 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Oct 3, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/san-diego-padres-2-out-5-run-2nd-inning-rally-stands-alone-in-mlb-history-books-six-consecutive-hits-team-cycle-01j97t5ckmbj 
 ----- 
