#1  PA to lodge complaint against SABC employee Nobuntu Mkhize after viral 'racist' video
#2  A year of firsts — the judiciary in 2024
#3  A recap of the biggest news of 2024
#4  Police say the resurfacing of illegal miners in Stilfontein shows they are not trapped, but evading arrest
#5  North West man arrested for 'stealing ambulance with patient on-board'
#1  PA to lodge complaint against SABC employee Nobuntu Mkhize after viral 'racist' video
#2  A year of firsts — the judiciary in 2024
#3  A recap of the biggest news of 2024
#4  Police say the resurfacing of illegal miners in Stilfontein shows they are not trapped, but evading arrest
#5  North West man arrested for 'stealing ambulance with patient on-board'
SOCCER
Bafana book place in Afcon last 16 after draw with Tunisia
24 January 2024 - 21:20
Mahlatse Mphahlele
Sports reporter
 
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Bafana Bafana striker Evidence Makgopa is challenged by Hamza Rafia of Tunisia during their Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) match at Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo.
Image: Samuel Shivambu/BackpagePix

This was not the sort of performance Bafana Bafana wanted to announce their arrival in the last 16 stage of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) but coach Hugo Broos will not care that much. 

South Africa played to an uninspiring 0-0 draw with Tunisia at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium on Wednesday night to finish second in Group E with four points from three matches. 

As Bafana celebrated their place in the next round, where they are likely to meet tournament favourites Morocco, Tunisia’s Eagles of Carthage faced the ignominy of first round elimination. 

Bottom of the log Tunisia have only two points from their three matches and their chances of making it as one of the four best third best finishers has been completely eliminated. 

This is because Guinea, Mauritania, Ivory Coast and Namibia are on standby on the list of the four best finishers with three points each. 

Cameroon rally to beat Gambia and advance to Afcon last-16
Cameroon fought back with two goals in the closing stages to edge Gambia 3-2 in a thrilling encounter at the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) finals and ...
SPORT11 months ago

Broos will be happy with qualification to the next round but the reality is that Bafana will have to improve significantly as the tournament is going to roll out the big guns during the knockout stages. 

In the next round, South Africa will have to produce the scintillating performances that have been dished out by exciting teams like Equatorial Guinea, Cape Verde and Senegal. 

In this dull draw against the uninspiring Tunisia side, Bafana failed to replicate the stunning performance they produced when they demolished Namibia 4-0 last weekend. 

Bafana got a scare in the fifth minute when midfielder Sphephelo Sithole went down after he was stamped on by Ellyes Skhiri on the foot, but he was able to continue with the match. 

During the opening exchanges, Tunisia created most of the chances and their offensive dominance was illustrated by winning three corner kicks inside the opening ten minutes. 

Senegal beat Guinea 2-0 as both advance to Afcon last-16
SOCCER-NATIONS-GIN-SEN/RAbdoulaye Seck and Iliman Ndiaye scored second-half goals as defending champions Senegal beat Guinea 2-0 in Yamoussoukro on ...
SPORT11 months ago

Most of the Tunisian attacks came through the right flank where Wajdi Kechrida gave Aubrey Modiba a torrid time with his darting runs and dangerous crosses which were not finished in the South African penalty box. 

South Africa’s closest chance came after 26 minutes when Percy Tau got the better of Montassar Talbi, before delivering a cross to Evidence Makgopa whose close-range header from an awkward position could not find the target. 

Thapelo Morena followed up with another chance for Bafana just after the half-hour mark but his long-range shot flew over the head of alert Tunisian goalkeeper Bechir Ben Said. 

Broos was forced to make a change during the break with right-back Khuliso Mudau, who went down numerous times as a result of hard tackles from Tunisian players, was replaced by Nyiko Mobbie. 

As the clocked ticked towards the end, Tunisia tried their best to get the winner that could have kept them in the tournament but the South African central defence of Grant Kekana and Mothobi Mvala stood firm. 

In the closing stages, Broos introduced the fresh legs of Thabang Monare, Thapelo Maseko and Zakhele Lepasa for Zwane, Morena and Makgopa as Bafana held on to book a place in the next round. 

Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
25-year-old man killed in dispute over parking in KZN
A dispute over parking claimed...
The All-New Buick Envision Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
Signal Hill mugger collared within 30 minutes of 'pepper spray attack'
Law enforcement officers arrest...
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting fligh t
“You're a coloured from Mitchell...
MOST READ
'This, without doubt, is the one innings that I will remember for the rest of ...
CRICKET
Bavuma reveals he was hiding in the toilet with Centurion Test on a knife’s edge
CRICKET
'We have to manage the group': Sundowns coach Cardoso on his Iqraam Rayners ...
SOCCER
Rabada and Jansen produce thrilling partnership to seal World Test Championship ...
CRICKET
Chiefs end year on a high after victory in Durban
SOCCER
LATEST VIDEOS
'GNU is meaningless'-Jacob Zuma
Bangkok Hotel Fire Live | Three Foreigners Killed In Bangkok's Khao San Road | ...
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-01-24-bafana-book-place-in-afcon-last-16-after-draw-with-tunisia/ 
 ----- 
