	
SOCCER
Bafana into Afcon knockout phase after brave draw with Tunisia
SA to play Round of 16 fixture on Tuesday
 24 January 2024 - 21:21 
	
Sihle Ndebele
JOURNALIST
South Africa's Themba Zwane shakes hands with coach Hugo Broos after Afcon match between Bafana Bafana and Tnunisia on Wednesday
Image: Reuters/Luc Gnago

Bafana Bafana put in a disciplined shift to frustrate Tunisia to a goalless draw which proved enough for them to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations round of the 16,  finishing second in Group E at Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo on Wednesday.

In the next round, Bafana will meet the winners of  Group F, where Morocco, DR Congo and Zambia were to finish off their schedule later on Wednesday. SA's knockout round match will be on Tuesday January 30 (10pm SA time)

Morocco, who face Zambia, lead the pool with four points, while DR Congo and Chipolopolo are level on two points in second and third place. DR Congo face Tanzania, who can't finish top as they have one point.

Bafana didn't tweak the starting XI that hit Namibia 4-0 on Sunday. It was clear from the word go that Bafana's aim was to play long balls, neglecting their usual approach of short passes and interplays.  Bafana's route one approach saw goalkeeper Ronwen Williams play long balls to Percy Tau but the fact that Tunisia's centre-backs Montassar  Talbi and Yassine Meriah are taller rendered those attempts futile.

Whenever Bafana tried to knock the ball around, the defence of Tunisia showed cracks but SA still reverted to long-balls. One of the highlights of the first half was the manner in which Senegalese referee Issa Sy was tolerant of  Tunisian players, who committed a series of flying tackles without being cautioned.

Khuliso Mudau, who ended up not returning from the halftime break due to these tackles, alongside Themba Zwane were the most targeted SA players but Sy saw nothing wrong with that. Bafana coach Hugo Broos replaced Mudau with one his favourite players, Nyiko Mobbie.

Tunisia were a better side as far as ball possession was concerned in the first stanza. However, Bafana's defensive structure was fantastic, especially Mothobi Mvala, who intercepted several dangerous balls and made some well-calculated tackles to thwart the threat.

SA's left-back Aubrey Modiba had a splendid shift in the second half. The Sundowns man was more effective offensively, taking on Tunisia players to force box entries. Modiba also whipped in a few nice crosses that won Bafana corner-kicks. Even in the second half, Bafana looked content to absorb pressure from the Carthage Eagles instead of taking the game to them.

Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Register (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

REGISTER
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

LATEST VIDEOS
DBE Minister, Siviwe Gwarube to address commencement of BELA Act recommendations
ANC briefing on full implementation of the BELA bill
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
"Drafty Rooms? Stay Warm with Our Heating Solutions!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accu sed of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
“You're a coloured from Mitchells...
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/ U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
Signal Hill mugger collared within 30 minutes of 'pepper spray attack'
Law enforcement officers arreste...
SowetanLIVE
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms & conditions and privacy policy.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-01-24-bafana-into-afcon-knockout-phase-after-brave-draw-with-tunisia/ 
 ----- 
