SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When, How to Watch South Africa Vs Tunisia

There is still a shred of hope for the Eagles of Carthage to fly as far as possible in this continental tournament.

Safaa KasraouiJan. 24, 2024 10:26 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
South Africa Vs Tunisia

Rabat - The Tunisian national football team will play its third group stage match of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) against South Africa on January 24.

The Eagles of Carthage will face their Bafana Bafana opponents at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium at 6 p.m. Moroccan time, with the game streaming live on Sky Sports Main Events and Sky Sports Premier League.

Although Tunisian fans expected their team to bring home a second glory since 2004, things have not gone as desired, as Tunisia lost its first game to Namibia 0-1 and drew the second against Mali 1-1.

With this performance, Tunisia found itself at the bottom of Group E with one point. In order to bounce back in the competition, a victory is required which will enable the Tunisian squad to secure a spot among the qualified nations.

South Africa earned its position from a 0-2 loss to Mali and a large 4-0 win over Namibia, making it to the second place with three points.

Group E standings has Mali placed first with four points, followed by South Africa and Namibia both with three points, and Tunisia with one point. Although South Africa and Namibia are tied in the standings, the latter  team has the advantage on goal difference.

Read also: Tanzania’s Football Federation Sacks Algerian Coach After Morocco Hostility

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
Algeria President Calls Detained Author Boualem Sansal ‘Imposter’ In Controversial Remarks

Palestinians In Gaza Are Dying Of Extreme Cold, Death Toll Reached 7

Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist In Egypt’s Red Sea

Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360330/afcon-when-how-to-watch-south-africa-vs-tunisia 
 ----- 
