Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Morocco held by DRC in heated match

In another Group F match, Tanzania couldn't secure its first win under new coach Hemed Suleiman, as Zambia, reduced to 10 men, rallied to a 1-1 draw. Meanwhile, South Africa reignited its campaign with a decisive 4-0 victory over neighboring Namibia.

Le Monde with AP

Published on January 22, 2024, at 12:22 am (Paris), updated on January 22, 2024, at 10:28 am 

2 min read

DR Congo's forward #19 Fiston Mayele (L) fights for the ball with Morocco's defender #2 Achraf Hakimi during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group F football match between Morocco and DR Congo at Stade Laurent Pokou in San Pedro on January 21, 2024. SIA KAMBOU / AFP

A melee broke out between Morocco and Congo players and coaching staff at the end of their 1-1 draw at the Africa Cup of Nations on Sunday, January 21. It started after the game when Morocco coach Walid Regragui approached Congo captain Chancel Mbemba, who had already received a yellow card for arguing with the referee.

Mbemba clearly disagreed with what Regragui said and made signs for the video referee as players from both teams rushed in and officials struggled to control the pushing and shoving that ensued.

"It's the heat. It's a big match between two big nations," Congo coach Sébastien Desabre said. "It's very hot. Very, very, very hot." The temperature in San Pedro was 32°C (90 F) when the game started.

Morocco missed the chance to secure a spot in the knockout stage with a game to spare as Congo forward Silas Katompa Mvumpa canceled Achraf Hakimi's early goal for the Atlas Lions.

Hakimi scored from Hakim Ziyech's corner in the sixth minute, but Silas equalized in the 76th for Congo's second successive draw in the tournament.

Morocco leads Group F with four points from two games after its opening 3-0 win over Tanzania, followed by Zambia and Congo on two points and Tanzania on one.

The game's first cooling break was needed. It also allowed tempers to cool – albeit only briefly – after a series of robust challenges.

There was another break for treatment to Congo defender Henock Inonga Baka, who had to have his head bandaged to stem a heavy blood flow after he jumped for a set piece and received a blow.

When he returned, the referee awarded Congo a penalty after checking video replays for a possible handball by Selim Amallah. He also booked the Morocco defender.

But Cédric Bakambu hit the post with the penalty. It was just one example of the "Leopards" lacking accuracy in front of goal as they otherwise finished the half strongly.

Congo's Inonga Baka went off at the break for Dylan Batubinsika, who almost had an immediate impact with an effort that went just wide of the post.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 AFCON 2024: Pitch dominated by players with two or even three nationalities

Congo kept pushing, however and finally scored when Meschack Elia cut the ball back for Silas to fire in the equalizer. "There was room at the end for us to get all three points," the Stuttgart forward said.

Tanzania's missed chance

Tanzania failed to see out its first win in coach Hemed Suleiman's debut as 10-man Zambia fought back to draw 1-1 in the other Group F match.

Simon Msuva fired the Taifa Stars ahead in the 11th minute, and it got worse for Zambia when team captain Roderick Kabwe was sent off before the break with his second yellow card for an acrobatic lunge at Tanzania forward Mbwana Samatta.

The Copper Bullets refused to buckle, however, and Patson Daka equalized for Zambia in the 88th minute.

Tanzania changed its coach before the game after Adel Amrouche was banned for eight matches for pre-tournament comments he made about Morocco's alleged influence on the African Soccer Confederation (CAF).

South Africa bounces back

Themba Zwane scored twice and Percy Tau converted a penalty for South Africa to get its campaign back on track with a 4-0 rout of neighboring Namibia.

Tau, who missed a penalty in South Africa's 2-0 loss to Mali, scored from the spot in the 14th minute after a VAR call against Namibia defender Riaan Hanamub.

Thapelo Morena cut the ball back for Zwane to score in the 25th and the Mamelodi Sundowns star produced a fine solo goal for his second in the 40th.

Read more AFCON 2024: Where are all the fans?

There could have been more goals before Thapelo Maseko completed the scoring for the Bafana Bafana in the 75th.

It lifted South Africa to second in Group E, level on three points with Namibia and one point behind leader Mali, which drew with Tunisia 1-1 on Saturday.

Le Monde with AP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/football/article/2024/01/22/afcon-2024-morocco-held-by-dr-congo-in-heated-match_6453977_130.html 
 ----- 
