SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
DR Congo Slows Down Morocco’s Impressive AFCON Debut With 1-1 Tie

Morocco’s Atlas Lions missed several golden opportunities to secure an early qualification for the Round of 16.Moroccan cuisine

Safaa KasraouiJan. 21, 2024 4:08 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco is now placed first in the group standings with 4 points.Moroccan cuisine

Rabat - As part of their second group stage match of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) held in Cote d’Ivoire, Morocco’s Atlas Lions tied with the former African champion DR Congo by 1-1 today.

In an attempt to give Morocco the lead in the first minute of play, striker Youssef En-Nesyri was on the verge of scoring a header from a cross by Hakim Ziyech.

However, from a corner kick following the first attempt, defender Achraf Hakimi netted the first goal for Morocco in the 6th minute, attempting to secure a potential qualification for the knockout stage.

In a breath-taking moment, the Congolese Leopards were awarded a penalty kick following a foul by Selim Amallah. Luckily for the Lions, the Congolese player lost the golden opportunity as the ball struck out at the right post.Moroccan cuisine

Unlike the Morocco-Tanzania match scenario, the Congolese squad continued to exert pressure on the Atlas Lions throughout the entire game, until Congo’s forward Silas scored an equalizer in the 76th minute, decreasing the chances for Morocco for an early qualification.

With 4 points earned so far, Morocco is leading the group standings, followed by DR Congo, Zambia, and Tanzania.

Fueled with the fighting spirit that Moroccan head coach Walid Regragui has instilled in his players’ and fans’ minds from the latest World Cup in Qatar, Morocco debuted its AFCON journey with a stunning 3-0 victory over its Tanzanian counterpart on January 17.

After 48 years without winning a trophy, the rising generation of football players hopes to experience victory this time by defending a title in the ongoing tournament.

Congo’s first meeting with Zambia, also former champions, saw the neighboring nations tie the final score at 1-1, earning one point each in the group standings.

The Congolese Leopards’ trophy cabinet boasts two African cups, won in 1968 and 1974. The team has, therefore, gone into the competition aiming to hold a third championship in hand.

Morocco’s last group stage game will take place on January 24 against Zambia at the San Pedro Stadium, and will begin at 9:00 p.m. Moroccan Time.

Read also: Mali Leads AFCON Group E Despite 1-1 Draw with Struggling Tunisia

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
New Government Strategy Seeks to Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market
Rescue Operation Underway for Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla
Snowfall, Cold Snap, Thunderstorms Expected from Sunday to Wednesday
Morocco’s New Agricultural Season Shows a Promising Start Amid Challenges
At AU, 2024 Saw Morocco’s Continued Commitment to African Resilience
Morocco Records Compliance Milestone in Cannabis Sector for 2024
Morocco Approves 5% Minimum Wage Increase for 2025
Moroccan Banks Available This Weekend for Your Year-End Needs
Recent
Popular
Comments
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Former US President Jimmy Carter Dies At 100

New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360272/dr-congo-slows-down-moroccos-impressive-afcon-debut-with-1-1-tie 
 ----- 
