Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jimmy Carter dies
Norovirus outbreak
Kenny Pickett
Halifax plane incident
US tornadoes
SPORTS
Tempers flare in the heat at Africa Cup as Morocco and Congo draw 1-1. South Africa gets first win
1 of 19 |  

Players of Morocco and Congo argue after the final whistle of the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

2 of 19 |  

Players of Morocco and Congo argue after the final whistle of the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

3 of 19 |  

Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi plays the ball during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

4 of 19 |  

Morocco’s goalkeeper Yassine Bounou reacts during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

5 of 19 |  

Morocco’s Mohamed Chibi, left, jumps for the ball beside DR Congo’s Meschack Elia, right, during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
6 of 19 |  

DR Congo’s Yoane Wissa and Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi, from left, challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
7 of 19 |  

Morocco’s head coach Walid Regragui reacts during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

8 of 19 |  

Moroccan fans arrive for the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Samy Ntumba Shambuyi)

9 of 19 |  

Congo’s supporters react during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

10 of 19 |  

Congo’s supporters react during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

11 of 19 |  

Congo’s supporters react during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

12 of 19 |  

Morocco’s fans celebrate after Achraf Hakimi scored the opening goal during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
13 of 19 |  

Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi celebrates after he scored the opening goal during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Morocco and DR Congo, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
14 of 19 |  

Zambia’s Kennedy Musonda , left, and Tanzania’s Ibrahim Hamad challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
15 of 19 |  

Zambia’s Lubambo Musonda walks on the pitch after the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

16 of 19 |  

Tanzania’s goalkeeper Aishi Manula jumps for the ball during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

17 of 19 |  

Tanzania’s Simon Msuva touches Zambia’s Patson Daka after the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

18 of 19 |  

Zambua’s Rodrick Kabwe leaves the pitch after he got a red card during the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

19 of 19 |  

Tanzania’s head coach Juma Ramadhani Mgunda watches from his bench prior the African Cup of Nations Group F soccer match between Zambia and Tanzania, at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro, Ivory Coast, Sunday, Jan. 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

BY  CIARÁN FAHEY
Updated 10:34 PM UTC, January 21, 2024
Share

ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (AP) — A melee broke out between Morocco and Congo players and coaching staff at the end of their 1-1 draw at the Africa Cup of Nations on Sunday.

It started after the game when Morocco coach Walid Regragui approached Congo captain Chancel Mbemba, who had already received a yellow card for arguing with the referee. Mbemba clearly disagreed with what Regragui said and made signs for the video referee as players from both teams rushed in and officials struggled to control the pushing and shoving that ensued.

“It’s the heat. It’s a big match between two big nations,” Congo coach Sébastien Desabre said. “It’s very hot. Very, very, very hot.”

The temperature in San Pedro was 32 degrees C (90 F) when the game started.

Morocco missed the chance to secure a spot in the knockout stage with a game to spare as Congo forward Silas Katompa Mvumpa canceled Achraf Hakimi’s early goal for the “Atlas Lions.”

Hakimi scored from Hakim Ziyech’s corner in the sixth minute, but Silas equalized in the 76th for Congo’s second successive draw in the tournament.

Morocco leads Group F with four points from two games after its opening 3-0 win over Tanzania, followed by Zambia and Congo on two points, and Tanzania on one.

RELATED STORIES
Tanzania, Botswana and Mozambique grab the final qualification spots for 2025 Africa Cup
East African summit urges peace in eastern Congo but its leader skips talks
Southern African leaders resolve to keep troops in conflict-torn eastern Congo for another year

The game’s first cooling break was needed. It also allowed tempers to cool – albeit only briefly – after a series of robust challenges.

There was another break for treatment to Congo defender Henock Inonga Baka, who had to have his head bandaged to stem a heavy blood flow after he jumped for a set piece and received a blow.

When he returned, the referee awarded Congo a penalty after checking video replays for a possible hand ball by Selim Amallah. He also booked the Morocco defender.

But Cédric Bakambu hit the post with the penalty. It was just one example of the “Leopards” lacking accuracy in front of goal as they otherwise finished the half strongly.

Congo’s Inonga Baka went off at the break for Dylan Batubinsika, who almost had an immediate impact with an effort that went just wide of the post.

Congo kept pushing, however, and finally scored when Meschack Elia cut the ball back for Silas to fire in the equalizer.

“There was room at the end for us to get all three points,” the Stuttgart forward said.

TAIFA STARS RUE MISSED CHANCE

Tanzania failed to see out its first win in coach Hemed Suleiman’s debut as 10-man Zambia fought back to draw 1-1 in the other Group F match.

Simon Msuva fired the Taifa Stars ahead in the 11th minute, and it got worse for Zambia when team captain Roderick Kabwe was sent off before the break with his second yellow card for an acrobatic lunge at Tanzania forward Mbwana Samatta.

The “Copper Bullets” refused to buckle, however, and Patson Daka equalized for Zambia in the 88th minute.

Tanzania changed its coach before the game after Adel Amrouche was banned for eight matches for pre-tournament comments he made about Morocco’s alleged influence on the African soccer confederation (CAF).

BAFANA BAFANA BOUNCE BACK

Themba Zwane scored twice and Percy Tau converted a penalty for South Africa to get its campaign back on track with a 4-0 rout of neighboring Namibia.

Tau, who missed a penalty in South Africa’s 2-0 loss to Mali, scored from the spot in the 14th minute after a VAR call against Namibia defender Riaan Hanamub.

Thapelo Morena cut the ball back for Zwane to score in the 25th and the Mamelodi Sundowns star produced a fine solo goal for his second in the 40th.

There could have been more goals before Thapelo Maseko completed the scoring for the Bafana Bafana in the 75th.

It lifted South Africa to second in Group E, level on three points with Namibia and one point behind leader Mali, which drew with Tunisia 1-1 on Saturday.

Namibia’s opening 1-0 win over Tunisia was the country’s first-ever Africa Cup victory.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

CIARÁN FAHEY
Fahey is a Berlin-based reporter for The Associated Press, covering sports in Germany and beyond.
twitter
 
instagram
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sherif...
Earn Credit and Get Ahead This Summer at Georgetown
Georgetown University
:
Advertisement
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before Trump takes office
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
Morant hurts his shoulder but Jackson scores 33 as the Grizzlies top the Pelicans...
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisone...
Newly released body camera footage shows that a man fatally beaten in a New...
AP News
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon...
A trailblazing former “Sports Illustrated” model who pushed back against age disc...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Up Your SPF and GPA with Georgetown's Summer Sessions
Georgetown University
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Maximize your Series 7—give it more room to grow.
Fidelity Investments
Advertisement:
Apply Now
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
At a branch, your Series 7 can grow your career.
Help make a difference in clients’ lives while growing your career with an indust...
Fidelity Investments
Advertisement:
Apply Now
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Russian man arrested for alleged ly running LGBTQ+ travel agen...
A Russian man arrested for allegedly running a travel agency for gay customer...
AP News
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Top SUVs for Seniors: Drive Comfortably and Safely
nation.com | 'best suv for seniors'
Advertisement:
Learn More
District Of Columbia: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Se...
Ultra Heater
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Warning Signs Of Atop ic Dermatitis In Older Adults
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
Kansas once required voters to prove citizenship. That didn't...
Republicans made claims about illegal voting by noncitizens a centerpiece of...
AP News
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
Best SUVs for Comfort able and Safe Senior Driving
nation.com | 'best suv for seniors'
Advertisement:
Learn More
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis:Advertisement
Learn More
Americans can once again order 4 free at-home tests
Test Kits:Advertisement
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners: Click to See Prices
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/africa-cup-morocco-congo-score-south-africa-namibia-7b2dcacee843331efbfa4ad84527948b 
 ----- 
