skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketEngland vs West Indies Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: ENG beat WI by 8 wickets in St Lucia
England vs West Indies Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: ENG beat WI by 8 wickets in St Lucia
England vs West Indies Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier cameos from Nicholas Pooran, Rovman Powell and Sherfane Rutherford ensured West Indies reached a competent 180 after Jos Buttler's England won the toss and opted to bowl first.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 21, 2024 00:51 IST
Follow Us
England players celebrate the dismissal of West Indies' Andre Russell during the men's T20 World Cup cricket match between England and the West Indies at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet, St Lucia, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. AP/PTI

England vs West Indies Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Phil Salt’s half-century along with Jonny Bairstow’s cameo has helped England beat West Indies by eight wickets at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet in St Lucia on Thursday.

Earlier cameos from Nicholas Pooran, Rovman Powell and Sherfane Rutherford ensured West Indies reached a competent 180 after Jos Buttler’s England won the toss and opted to bowl first.

With the win England is off the mark in the Super Eight stage of the tournament after having an up-down group stage. West Indies on the contrary have brushed sides away in the group stage but have been hammered today by England.

Follow England vs West Indies highlights below

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Super Eight - Match 2
England
181/2 (17.3)
vs
West Indies
180/4 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Super Eight - Match 2 )
England beat West Indies by 8 wickets
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
West Indies vs England Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch the highlights between WI vs ENG at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in St Lucia.
09:21 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG beat WI by 8 wickets in St Lucia

That is a comprehensive chase from England. At the 10-over mark things looked a bit nervy however, Bairstow's came is the actual difference maker in this game. Salt too slowed down in the middle overs when a couple of wickets fell but when the innings from Bairstow injectuted momentum. As per West Indies they were 20-30 runs short in the first innings which has eventually costed them as England finished the game with 15 balls to spare with ease. 

09:13 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16 overs ENG 171/2

Both batters are now belting the bowlers here. This partnership is doing damage to the West Indies. Mind you this is not a knockout game West Indies still have to play two more games however, what will worry them is the Net Run Rate at the pace at which both Salts are batting first it was Bairstow who started the assault and Salt once has got past his half-century and has dealt with spinners has climbed onto Shepard. For the first time in the tournament England is showing why they are defending champions. 

09:02 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14 overs ENG 125/2

Bairstow is looking in good touch for England here he has come all guns blazing and things have been working well for him so far. West Indies need to bowl one over where they pick a couple of wickets to pull this game in the balance. Salt seems like he will anchor the innings and Bairstow on the other hand will keep striking the ball. This is important for West Indies this passage of play the next couple of overs might decide the fate of this game. 

08:53 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12 overs ENG 102/2

This is excellent captaincy from Rovman Powell as soon as he saw Ali he brought in Andre Russell who dug in a short one which the batter pulled and picked the mid-wicket fielder. The big wicket for West Indies under the circumstances. This is where West Indies need to chip away and get a few tight overs and help that run rate spike up further. Also Jonny Bairstow who has been poor run of form for a long time needs to step up here and justify his place in the side. 

08:43 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs ENG 83/1

England has promoted Moeen Ali up the order as a floater as expected to deal with two left-arm spinners however, Powell is now using the off-spinner more who also has picked up a wicket. England is exactly in the same situation as the West Indies at the halfway point. They need a cameo similar to Powell. England also needs to extract a big over out of Roston Chase who is having a good day and they need someone to go after him. 

08:33 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8.2 overs ENG 68/1

Roston Chase picks up Jos Buttler thats the breakthrough West Indies were looking for. This is good from Rovman Powell despite there having been two right-handers in the middle he did not hesitate to bring in the off-spinner who gets the breakthrough. From here the challenge for England starts as we have seen in the first innings the wicket got slower as the ball got softer. Salt needs to anchor through and through if England need to get over the line in this game.

08:22 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6 overs ENG 58/0

This is a fabulous start for England they are getting the boundaries away. Alzarri Joseph has come into the attack his helped Salt. With pace off he was in to mind if to go after the bowling however, once Joseph came in it was easier for him to get the ball away. The run rate is not something West Indies need to worry about but it is the wickets couloum. They have been unable to pick at least one wicket which is a concern as similar to the West Indies England does possess a super long batting lineup.

08:13 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 4 overs ENG 36/0

England have started well here. They have mixed caution with aggression and have managed the tempo nicely in this chase so far. Akeal Hosein has created an opportunity that Pooran has dropped early in the piece. The strength of West Indian bowling has been Hossain's able to get breakthroughs early in the piece and with that threat negated it will be interesting to see what other ways West Indies use to create breakthroughs in this Powerplay. 

08:03 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.4 overs ENG 12/0

Akeal Hossain and Shepard have taken the new ball for West Indies and expected. So far no turn or seam moment the ball has been going in straight lines no signs of dew too at the moment. Both Salt and Buttler would have seen scoring getting difficult in the second innings hence they would look to maximize the Powerplay. Also, it will be interesting to see if Moeen Ali will be floated around brought above in the batting line up if needed. 

07:56 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Adil Rashid during innings break

We bowled exceptionally well as a unit. The seamers, spinners, everyone bowled well. 180 is a par score on this wicket, we’ll be pleased with that. Just wanted to express myself and assess the pitch. (On bowling with a slip) You get a sense after seeing how they are going to bat. So wanted to add and take it out just to play some mind games with them.

07:47 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 20 overs WI 180/4

Thet's the end of 20 overs and the West Indies have reached the 180 mark. Will it be enough we have to wait and see. The odd ball has gripped from time to time in the first innings and it might increase in the second innings. One interesting match to watch out in the second innings will be how England will deal with West Indian left-arm spinners. Both Akeal Hossein and Gudakesh Motie have been in brilliant form too. It is going to be an interesting chase stay with us for all the second innings action. 

07:36 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18.3 overs WI 164/4

West Indies have lost their way in the last 15 minutes or so however, they still have a chance to get a big total here. They need one 20-run over. As per England, everyone did their job but Mark Wood has been one bowler who looked below par. 

07:29 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 17.1 overs WI 149/4

It had been an excellent last 10 minutes for England first they picked Rovman Powell who was looking in blistering touch and then it was Pooran who poked at a wide one from Archer to keeper Buttler. As we update Adil Rashid picks the wicket of Andre Russell. West Indies trying to maximise the last few overs are losing wickets in quick succession. From 200 looking getable at one point it now feels like West Indies reaching 180-mark in itself is an uphill task with new batters in. 

07:17 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14.5 overs WI 137/1

Powell is looking in the mood here. It has not just been small sixes from him he is hitting them long and clean at the moment. This is another partnership which is building for West Indies and this is lot more concerning for Buttler than the previous one because both of these batters will take the game away from England if they bat another couple of overs. Mind you West Indies still have plenty of batting left to come and this score can be anything from here. 

07:10 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.1 overs WI 112/1

It was a poor review from England. The ball hit the face of Rovman Powell and Buttler appealed and was not given out however, he went upstairs and the ball went on top of the off-stump. The rush of blood decision from England. Powell needs some runs here today the stage is set nicely for him. Pooran at the other end also going through the gears nicely. The commentators reckon it is the third game on this pitch and it will continue to turn further in the second innings. 

06:58 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11 overs WI 94/0

Spinners have tightened the grip quite a bit after coming on Adil Rashid is getting some grip from the one end meanwhile Moeen Ali has bowled accurately. Also, it is a clever tactical move from Buttler to bowl his spinners from ends where batters are supposed to hit the spinners against the turn. However, having said all that apart from King who retired hurt due to an injury England has not picked a wicket and neither have they created any opportunities thus far.

06:47 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9 overs WI 75/0

Spin has been introduced in the game. Adil Rashid need to pick wickets here and pull West Indies back into the game. St Lucia has been traditionally a high-scoring venue and the West Indies are on course to make one. Also England on the other hand has been good at chasing in the last few games with dew coming in West Indies might consider getting themselves around 180-mark. Also, a ball from Rashid has gripped and turned which might increase as the ball gets softer. 

06:39 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7.1 overs WI 69/0

This has been an excellent start for West Indies. They have gone after Archer who is the main bowler in this England attack. Jos Buttler's men have been time and again in this tournament struggling to pick wickets with new balls. The pitch here looks excellent for batting for the West Indies from here on the hosts will look to get around the 200-run mark. Pooran too has already started well here he got a couple of boundaries and is looking in good touch. Charles on the other hand is looking to more anchor the innings. 

06:27 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 4.4 overs WI 40/0

As we update King is walking back with an injury. He was batting nicely getting his boundaries away. He was not going after every delivery but showed control aggression however, now he is retired and Nicholas Pooran is the new man that has walked in it won't make things any easier for England now as he can take the game away from them pretty quickly as well. He has one of the quickest bat swings in World Cricket which enables him to generate natural pace to counter slower balls and slowness of the surface. 

06:22 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 4 overs WI 36/0

The West Indian opening batters are now opening up and are going after the bowling. Archer has been brought into the attack and the batters are going after him. This will be an interesting battle from both sides going forward in the game. It will be interesting to see how England skipper Jos Buttler will change his bowlers after the start they got here. Mind you this West Indian batting line up does possess some of the brutal power hitters in the game to follow after the openers. 

06:08 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.2 overs WI 7/0

Reece Topley has taken the new ball for England it has swung for him however, there is a steady breeze across the ground which took the ball further down the leg-side and was called wide a couple of times. King and Charles have been a bit tentative with their foot moment in that opening over and need to be careful of the outgoing delivery from Topley as well. Meanwhile, Mark Wood took the new ball from the other end and bowled with an extremely high pace. This is going to be a challenging opening burst for West Indies and as per Englanf they are looking up for it in this early stages.

05:58 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

National anthems are done the atmosphere is buzzing here in the ground. England has plenty of pace in their attack to rattle the West Indian top-order on the contrary it is a pretty destructive top order for West Indies and if they fire on all cylinders they will out bat England.

05:47 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch Report | Natalie Germanos and Ian Bishop

This contest has the feel of a high scoring game. Very little chance of rain toay. We have a shorter boundary to the right. It is a good surface to bat, there are a very scratch marks. It is very hard with not too much live grass. There will be some extra bounce, but very true bounce so batters can cut, pull and drive more easily. We should have a good game of cricket.

05:40 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI playing XI

Brandon King, Johnson Charles, Nicholas Pooran(w), Roston Chase, Rovman Powell(c), Sherfane Rutherford, Andre Russell, Romario Shepherd, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Gudakesh Motie

05:40 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG playing XI

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler(w/c), Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood, Reece Topley

05:38 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rovman Powell at toss

Would have bowled as well. Hopefully, our batters can make the most of it here. Two changes - Roston Chase in for Shai Hope, Romario in for Obed McCoy. We've been playing some good cricket and hopefully we continue to do the same, and continue to get this crowd support.

05:37 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jos Buttler at toss

We'll bowl first. It is a good wicket and we fancy a chase. One change from the last game - Mark Wood comes in for Chris Jordan. (On Livingstone) He's fit to play a full game, a few games have been a bit sick. The West Indies is the place to be, there is a great atmosphere.

 

05:31 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rovman Powell on Obed McCoy grabbing his chance against Afghanistan

"It's always good it's always encouraging when you give guys an opportunity and they take the opportunity and it makes for good competition within the squad and it's for us as a selection panel myself the coach and the chairman are selected to actually sit down and try to find the best combination. It's good that guys are putting themselves up and make it a little bit difficult to pick the team."

05:20 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Reece Topley on his bad luck with injuries during global tournaments

"Injuries are not by design or anything like that, they kind of happen. I'm quite comfortable that in the past it was nothing down to me, I sort of crossed every box, crossed every T, dotted every I and all that. I left no stone unturned and things just happened, it's part of the game. I've just kept going with that and luckily, I'm here still in one piece and it's the Super 8’s. I think it's a really exciting week hopefully like I just said there's going to be a time later in life that you look back at this week of being a really poignant and successful week that helped us achieve winning a World Cup out here."

05:11 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG probable XI

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler (c & wk), Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood, Reece Topley

05:08 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI probable XI

Brandon King, Johnson Charles, Nicholas Pooran(wk), Roston Chase, Rovman Powell(c), Sherfane Rutherford, Andre Russell, Obed McCoy/Romario Shepherd, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Gudakesh Motie

05:04 (IST)
20 JUN 2024
England vs West Indies Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog between West Indies taking on England from the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet in St Lucia. Both teams have won the trophy twice in their history while West Indies have qualified for the Super Eight game without losing one England had depended on other teams to get here. Whatever may be the case it is going to be a fascinating contest.

What Virat Kohli’s 5 runs from 9 balls tell about India’s batting

Three innings, nine balls, five runs. The numbers tell a sorry tale of Virat Kohli’s World Cup. But if there is a Kohli story that the cold, stone numbers don’t tell, it is how he has been at the heart of India’s brave new philosophy at this T20 World Cup. He has failed, so far, in translating the gung-ho approach into concrete runs, but that is only incidental in the larger scheme of how India is embracing modern ethos without dispensing entirely with the old-guard. Against Afghanistan in the Super Eight game in Barbados on Thursday, the bold punt taken by captain Rohit Sharma and coach Rahul Dravid would be tested. (READ MORE)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 20-06-2024 at 04:57 IST
TAGS:
England Vs West Indies
Live Score
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Premier League: Mid-Season Manager Changes In The Tournament So Far
Telangana Open School SSC, Inter Exams 2025: TOSS April Exam Fee Submission Dates Announced
New Textbooks In Bangladesh To Alter Credit Of Declaration Of Independence: Report
In Gujarat, Row Over Woman Accused Of Forging Letter Against BJP MLA Sees Patidar Leaders Across Parties Unite
Himanta Promised Assam To Be In Top 5 Developed States, Instead Himself Becomes One Of The Richest CMs, Says Congress Leader Gaurav Gogoi
Karnataka Contractor Suicide Case: BJP Will Be Left ‘Red-Faced’ When Documents Emerge, Says Priyank Kharge
IND Vs AUS 5th Test Predicted Playing 11: With Rohit Sharma’s Place In The XI Hanging By A Thread, Here Is A Look At The Predicted XI For The SCG Test
‘Aapka Mukhlis Manmohan Singh’: In Letters To Pakistan, When Former PM Spoke Of Love For Ancestral Village, Childhood Memories
Bombay High Court Says Further Court Monitoring Of Probe Into Govind Pansare’s Death Not Necessary, Orders Expedited Trial
Apple Offers IPhone Discounts In China As Competition Intensifies
South Korea Police Search Jeju Air, Airport Operator Over Fatal Plane Crash
IOS In The Crosshairs: Hackers Target IPhones More Than Android, Suggests New Study
Hotelier Killed In Himachal Pradesh During Brawl With Cops, 2 Constables Booked Amid Public Outrage
F1: The 2025 Formula 1 Calendar Has Been Released, Australia Takes Back Season Opener Spot
Holding Up Gita As Guiding Light Of Governance In Ancient India Is Historically Inaccurate
Diljit Concert: Delhi Pollution Body Finds JLN Stadium Clean Month After NGT Order
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/england-vs-west-indies-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-42-today-eng-vs-wi-latest-scorecard-updates-9402947/ 
 ----- 
