English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8s: West Indies vs England: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8s: West Indies vs England: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
Towards the end of 2023, West Indies and England played a five-match T20I series where the Windies registered a 3-2 victory.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 18 Jun 2024 06:01 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: June 20, 2024

Time: 6:00 AM IST

Venue: Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet, St Lucia

Live ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger

Match Preview:

The T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 stage will get its first blockbuster clash with the West Indies taking on England in an entertaining contest in St Lucia. The Windies cruised through their group and remained unbeaten to finish on top of the table while England had pulled off two tough results to qualify second from Group B. Towards the end of 2023, West Indies and England played a five-match T20I series where the Windies registered a 3-2 victory.

Weather Report for June 19, 2024




Pitch Report:




Analysis

The West Indies have dominated their home World Cup with clinical performances in every game. The Windies' batting didn’t have much to do in the initial games but over the last two games the Men in Maroon have showcased their power-hitting ability. With the ball, the spin-bowling duo of Akeal Hosein and Gudakesh Motie has excelled while Alzarri Joseph has chipped with a few quality performances. 

Talking about England, Jos Buttler and Co. have qualified for the Super 8s after a shaky start which saw a no-result and a defeat against Australia. Then in their next two games, the Three Lions decimated minnows like Oman and Nambia to seal Super 8s qualification. Their batting continues to perform as one of the most feared lineups in world cricket. Similarly in the bowling department, England boasts a good mix of fast bowlers and spinners led by the incredible Jofra Archer.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

West Indies

Brandon King, Johnson Charles, Nicholas Pooran (wk), Rovman Powell (c), Sherfane Rutherford, Andre Russell, Romario Shepherd, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Gudakesh Motie, Obed McCoy

England

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler (c & wk), Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow,  Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Reece Topley

Fantasy Teams




Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Philip Salt, Jos Buttler, Nicholas Pooran

Batters: Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow,  Harry Brook, Rovman Powell, Sherfane Rutherford

All-Rounders: Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Andre Russell

Bowlers: Jofra Archer, Akeal Hosein, Gudakesh Motie

Disclaimer: The cricket fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

02 January 2025

Rohit Sharma opts out of Sydney Test; Jasprit Bumrah to lead India: Reports

02 January 2025

Shubman Gill and three other GT players to be summoned by CID over INR 450 Cr chit fund scam: Reports

02 January 2025

BGT 2024-25: India’s probable XI for 5th Test vs Australia

02 January 2025

Seko Fofana joins French club Rennes after ending contract with Al-Ettifaq

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2024-super-8s-wi-vs-eng-dream11-fantasy-tips-west-indies-vs-england-fantasy-team-playing-xi-head-to-head 
 ----- 
