Fechar
News
Schedule
Standings
Superior Player of the Match
Teams
Stadiums
Videos
Official Store
ES
PT
EN
Back
CONMEBOL Announces Host Venues for Opening and Final matches of the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™

November 20, 2023

● In its 48th edition of the world's oldest national team tournament, CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™ will kick off its team competition on June 20, 2024 at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta and will end on July 14 at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami. ● Fans can sign up to stay up to date on CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™ news at www.copaamerica.com.

CONMEBOL announced today the host venues for the opening and final matches of the world's most exciting and oldest national team tournament, the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™. The tournament will be held in the United States from Thursday, June 20 to Sunday, July 14, 2024.

The opening match, scheduled for Thursday, June 20, 2024, will be held at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta. A world-class venue that has the capacity to accommodate more than 71,000 spectators and is renowned not only for its state-of-the-art technology and fan friendly amenities, but also for hosting the largest events in the world, including Super Bowl LIII, the College Football Playoff National Championship game in 2018 and numerous international soccer matches among other events.

The final match will be played on Sunday, July 14, 2024, at Hard Rock Stadium, located in Miami Gardens, Florida. The global entertainment destination has a capacity for over 65,300 fans and serves as home to the Miami Dolphins, Formula 1 Crypto.com Miami Grand Prix, Miami Open tennis tournament, and University of Miami, Orange Blossom Classic and Orange Bowl college football games. With a full calendar of sports and entertainment events, including Jazz in the Gardens, concerts and festivals, Hard Rock Stadium has also become a featured host venue for international events such as Super Bowl LIV and the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

"We expect stadiums filled with the passion of the entire American continent for the inauguration and final of an unforgettable CONMEBOL Copa America. In Atlanta, the ball will start rolling and it won't stop for a month until the final match in Miami. These are magnificent stadiums in wonderful cities. We are grateful for the valuable cooperation of the U.S. authorities and our friends from Concacaf in the organization of this competition. We look forward to the best CONMEBOL Copa America of all time." - Alejandro Domínguez - President of CONMEBOL

"Atlanta and Miami will prove excellent hosts for these flagship matches, and I congratulate both cities and their sports commissions. The two venues are world-class, and the cities have passionate sports and football fans renowned for getting behind major events," said Victor Montagliani, Concacaf President and FIFA Vice President. "The exciting prospect of co-organizing the Copa America 2024 with our partners at CONMEBOL, in addition to the range of Concacaf competitions we will deliver in the next three years, will cement our region as a global hub for football as we head towards the FIFA World Cup 2026", added Montagliani.

"Hosting the Opening Match of this prestigious tournament is an incredible achievement by everyone involved and our region’s soccer profile has once again been elevated to the highest level with this announcement," said Dan Corso, President, Atlanta Sports Council. "We would like to thank our partners at Arthur M. Blank Sports + Entertainment, the City of Atlanta and Mercedes-Benz Stadium for their continued partnership and we look forward to working with them, as well as CONMEBOL and Concacaf to create a remarkable experience for all involved."

"We are proud to host the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024 final at Hard Rock Stadium," said Tom Garfinkel, Vice Chairman, President and CEO of the Miami Dolphins and Hard Rock Stadium and Managing Partner of the Formula 1 Crypto.com Miami Grand Prix. “As a global entertainment destination, we strive to reflect the dynamic and international culture of Miami. This selection is thanks to the collaborative work of multiple stakeholders including Stephen Ross, Concacaf, CONMEBOL and our local and national officials. We are excited to deliver an incredible world class experience for players and fans alike and highlight the passion of football in our community."

Fans interested in attending matches can sign up to stay up to date on CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™ news including ticket sales and the general competition schedule on the tournament's official website www.copaamerica.com.

- CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™ -

The CONMEBOL Copa America 2024™ will be played in the United States and includes 10 CONMEBOL teams and 6 guest teams from Concacaf. This traditional tournament is organized by both confederations.

Concacaf’s 6 teams will qualify through the 2023/24 Concacaf Nations League. At the conclusion of the Group Stage, the League A group winners and runners-up then advance to the Quarterfinals, where they were paired with the four top ranked Concacaf Nations, resulting in the following matchups: Mexico vs Honduras, United States vs Trinidad and Tobago, Canada vs Jamaica, and Costa Rica vs Panama. The Quarterfinals, played November 16-21, will be decided via aggregate score and the winner of each matchup will qualify for the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024. The remaining two Concacaf participants will be decided by a Play-In match between the losing quarterfinalists. This Play-In will take place in March 2024.

In its 48th edition of one of the most important competitions on the continent, this will be the second time in the tournaments history that it will host 16 teams – having hosted the same number of teams in its 2016 edition, also held in the United States.

Taking the field will be 10 South American FIFA World Cup™ title holders and the biggest stars in world soccer to play 32 matches in this edition of the tournament in June and July 2024.

- Rocking the Continent -

The CONMEBOL Copa America™ has an incredible power, it can make everything move, it makes emotions vibrate and hearts soar.

It makes the flags fly, the nets shake, the stands, and the stadiums tremble. Its history makes the entire continent proud, and our soccer beats with a united force.

This competition has the power to bring out the best version of what we are: soccer, history, joy, and passion.

#VibraElContinente

Facebook: /copaamerica Instragram: @copaamerica Twitter: @copaamerica Tik Tok: @copaamerica YouTube: /copaamerica

Related news
CONMEBOL Copa América 2024™: Numbers and Records from the Year’s Greatest Tournament
Year in Review: The Argentina National Team in 2024
The CONMEBOL Copa América™ to Be Played in 2025
CONMEBOL Copa América Femenina 2025™: The Groups for the Tournament Are Set
GLOBAL SPONSORS
OFFICIAL PARTNERS
COPA AMÉRICA
Schedule
Groups
Teams
Stadiums
Regulation
Hospitality
News
Tickets
Videos
Official Store
LANGUAGES
Español
Português
English
ARG
BOL
BRA
CAN
CHI
COL
CRC
ECU
USA
JAM
MEX
PAN
PAR
PER
URU
VEN
Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved - CONMEBOL Copa América™
Privacy Terms and Conditions
Complaint Channel

By clicking “Accept cookies“, you agree to the storage of cookies on your device, improve navigation on the website, to analyze the usage of the website and help with our marketing initiatives. Privacy Terms and Conditions

Accept Cookies
HOME
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
STANDINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://copaamerica.com/en/news/conmebol-announces-host-venues-for-opening-and-final-matches-of-the-conmebol-copa-america-2024 
 ----- 
