Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
Last-chance miss denies Georgia its first win in draw with Czech Republic at Euro 2024
1 of 9 |  

Georgia players celebrate after Georges Mikautadze scored the opening goal from the penalty spot during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek)

Read More
2 of 9 |  

Georgia’s Giorgi Kvilitaia reacts after a missed chance to score during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek)

3 of 9 |  

Georgia’s Saba Lobjanidze, front, fails to score at the end of a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (Sina Schuldt/dpa via AP)

4 of 9 |  

Georgia’s Saba Lobjanidze reacts after a missed chance to score during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek)

5 of 9 |  

Georgia’s Guram Kashia, left, and Czech Republic’s Mojmir Chytil challenge for the ball during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi)

6 of 9 |  

Czech Republic’s Patrik Schick scores his side’s opening goal during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

7 of 9 |  

Czech Republic’s Patrik Schick, left, celebrates with Czech Republic’s Lukas Provod after scoring his side first goal during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi)

Read More
8 of 9 |  

Czech Republic’s Patrik Schick, center, leaves the pitch after getting injured during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek)

9 of 9 |  

Czech Republic’s Ladislav Krejci , left, fights for the ball with Georgia’s Georges Mikautadze during a Group F match between Georgia and the Czech Republic at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Hamburg, Germany, Saturday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek)

Read More
Updated 7:12 PM UTC, June 22, 2024
Share

HAMBURG, Germany (AP) — Georgia earned its first ever point at a major tournament after drawing with the Czech Republic 1-1 at the European Championship on Saturday. It was nearly a win.

Midfielder Saba Lobjanidze fired his shot narrowly over the bar with the last kick of the game as Georgia’s promising three-on-one counterattack came to nothing.

Lobjanidze — who plays for Atlanta United in the U.S. state of Georgia — seemed to be in tears after the final whistle and was comforted by coach Willy Sagnol.

“As I tried to tell him, the ones who never tried, they will never miss. And the best way to miss is to try,” Sagnol said.

“Some mixed feelings after the match in the locker room. For the first minutes I think the players were a bit disappointed because of this massive opportunity but I hope they will quickly get the fact that they got their first ever point in a major tournament.”

There was a big mismatch in experience, with the Czech team playing in its eighth consecutive European Championship and Georgia, which was once part of the Soviet Union, making its debut as an independent nation.

Earlier, video reviews were in the spotlight.

The Czechs dominated the opening stages and celebrated the opening goal in the 23rd minute when Adam Hlozek bundled the ball into the net at the far post off a long throw.

Replays, however, showed Hlozek’s shot bounced back off goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili and in off the Czech forward’s face and arm.

The situation was reversed when Georgia defender Guram Kashia shot straight at the goalkeeper just before halftime. Georgia fans rued the missed chance but celebrated when a video review found the ball came off Czech defender Robin Hranac’s arm a couple of seconds earlier.

Georgia, the only team making its debut at Euro 2024, then took the lead with a Georges Mikautadze penalty given for handball by Czech defender Robin Hranec.

The Czechs got back into the game when a header rebounded off the post and Patrik Schick scored with his chest for his sixth career goal at the European Championships, ranking him joint sixth on the all-time list.

Schick limped off soon after and applied ice to his calf, potentially a major concern for the Czech Republic given the Bayer Leverkusen striker’s importance to the team and his long record of previous injuries. “It’s no good,” Schick told Czech public TV about the injury.

VAR didn’t intervene later when the Czechs appealed for players being pushed by Georgia defenders in the penalty area, perhaps because the contact on both occasions was relatively slight.

The draw means both teams have one point and almost certainly require a win in their last group games to qualify for the knockout stages, even as one of the best third-place teams. Portugal leads Group F after beating Turkey 3-0 on Saturday.

For now, though, Georgia is celebrating a milestone in its soccer history, even as the country is divided politically at home.

“I think the whole country will celebrate that,” Sagnol said, “in a very special Georgian way.”

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you ca...
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Effective Non-surgical Body Contouring At Clinics In North Char...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
LeBron James out, Anthony Davis game-time decision for...
LeBron James will not play because of illness when the Los Angeles Lakers host...
AP News
Transform Smiles Disc reetly With Invisible Braces
Invisible Braces
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lunar Lamp Brings Hope to New Homes
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Read More
Why I Love My Purple Rose Cross
Purple Rose Cross Suncatcher
Advertisement:
Read More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Search Now
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/georgia-czech-republic-euro-2024-4b95776f8a7d1e4afd3b035af5bceb9a 
 ----- 
