Home » Full Members » Australia

Australia
January 28, 2022  6017
Top Ten Cricket Commentators Of Australia
Written by Mujtaba Qadir

Cricket is a sport loved everywhere in the world. Its craze is rightfully devoted to the hard work of cricketers and the team. But one thing and the highly underrated, is the contribution of Commentators who make the matches especially entertaining and serve a noble purpose i.e., helping the disabled enjoy the game. The additional motivation that they provide to the players is commendable. And we, the cricket enthusiasts, love how they give words to our emotions through commentary. Here, we will discuss the Top 10 Cricket Commentators of Australia.

  1. RICHIE BENAUD

Eighty-two years old Benaud is the best Observer and Commentator of the Cricket World. His exemplary commentary is recognized worldwide. He is one of the main reasons people switch to Channel Nine to watch the match. His rich experience and wise judgments are the most vital points which make him the No.1 Commentator of Australia.

2.  IAN CHAPELL

He is the vociferous Cricket Commentator often known for speaking his heart out but at the same time making way for the game to speak out in its language. His wisdom in Cricket can be traced back to a few decades, making him the longest-serving commentator. The old-cricket commentator’s exceptional conclusions from the matches are also considered by the field's top officials. He is a true inspiration for many in the world.

3.  RICKY POINTING

The exceptional Commentator adds flavor to the game in his unique way, truly loved by all cricket fans. Ricky is successful in explaining what players think during the match. People loved how he showed what a skipper thinks while anchoring in a T20 game. The shine of Channel Ten, Ricky is no doubt an extraordinary commentator.

4.  ADAM GILCHRIST

Previously a fantastic batsman, Adam has made a successful transition to a tremendous commentator, the history of Cricket will never forget his name. His comments add some brilliant strategies to the audience’s knowledge of Cricket. People love to watch him onscreen during BBL matches and wait incessantly for his commentary.

5.  MARK WAUGH

All the wise judgments of the game make Mark a perfect cricket connoisseur. Earlier, a cricket player, Mark gives the proper analysis of the game in a chucklesome way, often liked by the audience. His excellent commentary makes the game even more enjoyable.

6.  BILL LAWRY

Being considered the voice of Cricket, Bill Lawry is a highly respectable commentator of Australia. No one can match the extent of experience he has in the game. The famous Commentator has grown old, but his popularity is still sky-high. Commentator on Channel Nine, Bill gives proper judgments of the match.

7.  SHANE WARNE

Former One Day Internationals Captain Shane Warne delivers great commentary in cricket matches. His entry to the commentary box was the happiest news for his fans, who got disheartened after his retirement in 2013. His experience in Cricket tends to be the source of his accurate analysis of matches.

8.  MICHAEL SLATER

A true devotee of Cricket, his commentary brings essence to the game glorified with his exact judgments. Previously a successful cricketer, Slater is one of the exceptional ones for an excellent analysis.

9.  MARK TAYLOR

Besides Ian Chappell, if there is any other cricket commentator who is not afraid to voice his opinions even on the most controversial issues, it’s none other than Mark Taylor. The tremendous anchor with a tincture of his perspectives, Mark is an exceptional commentator of cricket in Australia.

10.  JAMES BRAYSHAW

The handsome commentator is a fabulous analyst of Cricket. The host of Test Cricket is brilliant for attracting the audience with his superb commentary. The fantabulous commentator always remains high in spirit, and this makes him the most vibrant Commentator of Australia.

 Adam Gilchrist, Bill Lawry, Ian Chappell, James Brayshaw, Mark Taylor, Mark Waugh, Michael Slater, Richie Benaud, Ricky Ponting, Shane Warne
Share Article:  
Copy to ClipBoard
You might also like
Matching Winning Catches In World T20 World Cup
October 22, 2024
Australians Who Scored Centuries In All Formats
October 16, 2024
Exploring the Birth and Growth of Sports Betting in Australian Casinos
July 24, 2024
Other stories
Top Ten Highest Paid Royal Challengers Bangalore Players
January 29, 2022
Next Story
Top Ten Individual Scores By Female Cricketers
January 28, 2022
Previous Story
Follow Us!
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Youtube

© Copyright 2025 by Crictv4u. All Rights Reserved.

Back to top 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://crictv4u.com/full-members/australia/top-ten-cricket-commentators-of-australia/ 
 ----- 
