Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBA
Celtics blown out in fourth quarter in ugly home loss to Kings
Boston Celtics forward Jayson Tatum (0) attempts to split Sacramento Kings forward Trey Lyles (41) and forward DeMar DeRozan (10) during Friday’s game at the TD Garden. (Staff Photo/Stuart Cahill/Boston Herald)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: January 11, 2025 at 2:07 PM EST

A competitive game Friday night turned ugly late for the Celtics, who were run off their home floor by the shorthanded Sacramento Kings.

The Kings, who were playing without injured leading scorer De’Aaron Fox, outscored Boston by 17 points in the fourth quarter en route to a 114-97 win at TD Garden. The teams were tied entering the fourth.

Sacramento got a herculean rebounding performance from All-Star big man Domantas Sabonis, whose 28 boards were the most by a Celtics opponent since Ben Wallace matched that total in March 2002. Sabonis also scored 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting for the Kings, who also got 24 points from DeMar DeRozan and 22 from Malik Monk.

Jaylen Brown led all Celtics scorers with 28 points, with Kristaps Porzingis adding 22 and 10 rebounds. Jayson Tatum notched a double-double with 15 points, 12 rebounds and five assists but was responsible for eight of Boston’s 15 turnovers.

The Celtics also got just five total points from their top guard tandem of Derrick White and Jrue Holiday, who were a combined 1-for-8 from 3-point range. The C’s shot 26.8% from three as a team.

“I would say when you’re having inefficient offense, it puts pressure on your defense,” said Celtics head coach Joe Mazzulla, returning to a point he’s raised multiple times this season. “… Whether it’s shot-making, whether it’s execution, whether it’s spacing, I think that takes a toll on you. And if you’re going to shoot 28% from three, you’re going to have to do a bunch of other things, really, really, really well, and it puts pressure on your defense throughout the game. So we have to be better there.”

Boston will look to bounce back Sunday against the lowly New Orleans Pelicans, who own the NBA’s second-worst record.

Brown went to work down low in the opening minutes, repeatedly attacking the paint with post-ups. He made five first-quarter field goals, and all of them were within five feet of the basket.

That’s been Brown’s M.O. of late. Of the 20 shots he made over his previous three games, just one came from outside the paint (a corner three against Oklahoma City) and 13 were inside the restricted area.

The Celtics started shaky from 3-point range, however, and that staked Sacramento an early lead. The Kings doubled up Boston’s output from three in the first quarter (8-for-18 to 4-for-14) and led by as many as 10. Tatum finished the quarter with more turnovers (two) than made field goals (1-for-5).

Boston began to build momentum late in the first thanks to its bench. Payton Pritchard (11 points) hit a three, and Sam Hauser blocked a would-be buzzer-beater at the other end. The Celtics then scored the first seven points of the second quarter, with Pritchard’s midrange fadeaway pulling them even at 34-34.

Pritchard scored nine first-half points despite going just 1-for-5 from beyond the arc. On one of his baskets, he settled in the dunker spot and received a well-timed entry pass from Luke Kornet.

Porzingis was the Celtics’ most consistent long-range shooter in the first half, going 3-for-5 from distance while his teammates went 3-for-20. Boston led 55-53 at halftime.

Boston’s starting center hit another three 45 seconds into the second half, and Brown, Holiday and Tatum all followed suit shortly thereafter. Tatum’s triple gave the Celtics their largest lead of the game, 72-63, with 6:51 to play in the third.

But the Celtics’ all-NBA superstar was sloppy with the ball in the third quarter, committing five more turnovers, and Boston had no answer on the glass for Sabonis, who tied the highest single game-rebound total in the NBA this season (23 by Victor Wembanyama) with nearly 18 minutes remaining.

“I mean, he had eight offensive rebounds,” Mazzulla said. “Some of that was you come from switching, and then when you’re switching and you have a small on him, and he’s able to take advantage of that. Some of them, he just kind of outworked us for them. So it’s one of the best things that he does. You’ve got to match his effort every possession, and he did it more than we did.”

Sacramento tied the game with 32 seconds left in the third, then surged ahead with a fourth-quarter flurry keyed by Providence College product Devin Carter. Carter, the 13th overall pick in the 2024 NBA Draft, drilled threes on back-to-back Kings possessions to open the final frame, then followed a pair of Porzingis free throws with a driving layup.

The nadir for Boston’s defense came two minutes later. A botched defensive rotation left Monk wide open for a three. Monk missed, but Sabonis gathered the long rebound. When Holiday backed away from him and Porzingis lingered near the lane, Sabonis let one fly, too. His three hit, putting Sacramento ahead 87-79.

“Offensively, we struggled, so that puts a lot of pressure on our defense, and tonight, you saw we had some collapses,” Brown said. “Part of that is first game back from a long road trip, but to be honest, there’s really no excuse. So we’re going to look at it, and we’re going to figure it out.”

The Kings kept pushing from there, stretching their lead to 15 points with a Keegan Murray three that sent some Celtics fans heading toward the exits with more than six minutes to go. Mazzulla yanked his starters with 2:08 remaining and Sacramento up 14.

“I think Sacramento is a revived team,” Mazzulla said of a Kings squad that’s 6-1 under interim head coach Doug Christie. “They won six in a row now, so they’re a good team, and they just outplayed us. So I don’t have an answer as far as that stuff, but tonight, they just played better than we did. They are a revived team that just played better than us.”

Porzingis, a fan favorite inside TD Garden, said the Celtics “deserved” the smattering of boos and groans they received from the early-departing crowd.

“They expect a high level from us, high level based off our talent and what we’ve shown in the past,” he said. “And when we don’t — not only that, not only just the talent and just making shots — I think when we’re not giving our all, I think that’s the most deserved boos. So it’s normal, and that’s just a sign of them wanting us to bring up our level, bring up our energy, and we have to respond to that.”

The loss was a letdown after an encouraging 3-1 road trip, a return to the inconsistency that defined the Celtics’ December. The defending NBA champions are 8-7 over their last 15 games and trails the red-hot, first-place Cleveland Cavaliers by 6.5 games in the Eastern Conference.

Multiple players stressed after this latest defeat that the team’s confidence hasn’t wavered, pointing to the fact that Boston has shuffled its lineup on a near-nightly basis as it’s dealt with a higher volume of injuries than last season. Friday marked just the second time all season that the Celtics had their entire core rotation available for a full game (oddly, they’re 0-2 in those games and lost both by double digits).

They’ll have two ideal get-right opportunities against the 8-31 Pelicans and 8-30 Toronto Raptors before their schedule heats back up with a visit from the Orlando Magic next Friday.

“We’re going to get past it,” Porzingis declared. “We’re going to be fine. We’ll figure it out. I’m telling you, I’m confident we’ll bounce back. We’re just having not the prettiest moment right now as a team, and it’s completely normal. Believe me, we’ll figure it out.”

Originally Published: January 10, 2025 at 9:46 PM EST
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You!
Myeloma I Search Ads
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Unexpected Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency Unveiled!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
Neuropathy is Not From Low Vitamin B (Meet the Real Enemy)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Storage Units 10x20 Prices Will Surprise You! Find out More!
Storage Units I Search Ads
How Much Do Seniors Pay on Oil Change: Many Don't Know!
Oil Change I Search Ads
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Sciatica and Back Pain? Try This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Back Health
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Big menthol bust in Boston is ‘only the tip of the iceberg’ in Massachusetts, group says
Big menthol bust in Boston is 'only the tip of the iceberg' in Massachusetts, group says
Boston wins MassDEP approval to rebuild Long Island Bridge to combat opioid crisis
Boston wins MassDEP approval to rebuild Long Island Bridge to combat opioid crisis
Lucas: Harris-Biden disaster evacuates D.C.
Lucas: Harris-Biden disaster evacuates D.C.
Laken Riley Act: Massachusetts delegation overwhelmingly opposes immigration bill
Laken Riley Act: Massachusetts delegation overwhelmingly opposes immigration bill
Healey open to residency requirements for state-run shelters housing migrants, locals
Healey open to residency requirements for state-run shelters housing migrants, locals
Massachusetts Macy’s store shutting down amid nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
Massachusetts Macy's store shutting down amid nationwide closures: 'We are closing underproductive Macy's stores'
Will a monster nor’easter slam Massachusetts? ‘Can’t completely rule out’ a major winter storm
Will a monster nor'easter slam Massachusetts? 'Can't completely rule out' a major winter storm
Howie Carr: DEI is alive and well in higher education
Howie Carr: DEI is alive and well in higher education
10 leftover Patriots thoughts and nuggets on the coaching search and 2024 season
10 leftover Patriots thoughts and nuggets on the coaching search and 2024 season
Inside the Patriots’ 2024 season, Jerod Mayo’s firing and a franchise’s continued fall
Inside the Patriots' 2024 season, Jerod Mayo's firing and a franchise's continued fall
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE
Saturday’s high school roundup/scores: Shawsheen Tech pins five opponents, now 14-0
Bruins survive late goal, beat Panthers in OT, 4-3
Caroline Doherty scores late, lifts Hingham over Malden Catholic
Medfield ends busy week by skating past rival Norwood, 3-1
2025
January
10
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2025/01/10/celtics-blown-out-in-fourth-quarter-in-ugly-home-loss-to-kings/ 
 ----- 
