NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
All the adrenaline.
All the expertise.
All the savings.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Landry Shamet getting another NBA shot with Knicks: ‘I’m grateful for the journey’
By James L. Edwards III
Jan 9, 2025

33

Life in the NBA can move quickly. Just ask Landry Shamet.

He was a first-round pick tallying rotation minutes for one of the NBA’s best teams in the Philadelphia 76ers as a rookie, only to be traded to the LA Clippers halfway through his first season. In seven NBA seasons, Shamet has played for six teams, bouncing from one coast to the other — seemingly, every other season. He signed a four-year, $43 million contract with the Phoenix Suns in 2021. This season, he’s on a veteran minimum in New York.

The Knicks guard felt like a lock to start this season as a rotation fixture, but a shoulder injury in the preseason — and New York in the midst of a financial crunch — resulted in him getting waived and not knowing for certain what his future would hold.

Yet, despite the unpredictability of the 27-year-old’s professional journey, one thing has remained constant: Teams want Shamet. As one team moves on from his services, another one welcomes him.

In the blink of an eye, Shamet has gone from promising youngster to a pro’s pro. When called upon this season, Shamet has provided quality minutes for a thin bench in New York.

He isn’t always the flashiest. What he’s done doesn’t always go noticed by the untrained eye. But he’s always ready for whatever is thrown his way.

And with the career he’s had so far, you have to be.

“Playing for a lot of different teams, a lot of different teammates, seeing a lot of different situations, great players, different coaching styles, I think you just build up your memory bank and things you can draw from,” Shamet said. “I’m grateful for the journey I’ve had so far and thankful to be here and try to build and grow with this group.”

Despite being on a non-guaranteed contract before the preseason, Shamet was penciled in to make the Knicks’ main roster before the shoulder injury forced him to take the longer route. Not a conversation passed where coach Tom Thibodeau wouldn’t mention Shamet’s name when talking about the second unit. Furthermore, his admiration for the veteran continued well into the season.

Shamet may have been out of sight, but he was never out of mind. When talking about the depth of New York and how he wants the second unit to play, Thibodeau would mention a fast pace and always include Shamet when discussing his vision.

At this time, however, Shamet was either at home nursing his shoulder injury (one that didn’t require surgery), or he was with the Westchester Knicks, who selected him with the No. 2 pick in the G League Draft. In the midst of this turbulent time for Shamet, it always felt like he’d be back with the main ball club at some point, even if he wasn’t certain.

You don’t see coaches or teams go out of their way like this for vet-minimum players too often. But Thibodeau and the Knicks, who are financially limited in what they can do with their roster after several big trades over the last year, made it known at every turn that Shamet was in their plans.

“You can execute with him,” Thibodeau said. “He makes the extra pass. He reads the floor well. He hustles on defense. He blocks out and blocks cutters, applies ball pressure, challenges a shot, moves without the ball. There are a lot of things that he does that aren’t necessarily reflected in statistics but help a team function well.”

	Landry Shamet (44) has played for six NBA teams in seven seasons, but he’s found an opportunity in New York and has the trust of coach Tom Thibodeau. (Mike Watters / Imagn Images)

One of the many draws of adding Shamet this offseason, Thibodeau said, was that he’s played on winners in the past. The longest stop at one spot in Shamet’s career were his two seasons in Phoenix (2021-23), where the organization was in the midst of its most successful run in recent seasons. Beyond that, Shamet played on winning teams at every stop in his career until he joined the Washington Wizards last season. The 76ers team he played with as a rookie ultimately finished as the third seed in the Eastern Conference. From there, he went to the Clippers and the Brooklyn Nets, both of whom carried above-.500 records.

In New York, this season is the most anticipated in quite some time. The pieces are in place to win at a high level. That level of pressure isn’t foreign to Shamet. In Phoenix, he was the backup to Devin Booker, one of the league’s best shooting guards. Heavy minutes aren’t a given under those circumstances, but the expectations to keep the ship afloat while being on the court are.

“It’s just opportunity,” said teammate Mikal Bridges, who played with Shamet in Phoenix. “If you play behind one of the best shooting guards in the league (Booker), your minutes are going to be short. Trying to play really well in those minutes without messing up (isn’t easy).”

The best professionals don’t count their minutes, though. They make their minutes count. Under Thibodeau, the Knicks are a squad that rely heavily on their starters, so Shamet’s minutes are often as unpredictable as his career has been so far. But he’s turned heads with his defense when given the opportunity. The 3-point shooting will come around. His history speaks for itself.

As Shamet has pushed further away from the shoulder injury, his minutes in New York have gone up. He’s logged more than 20 minutes the last two games and 14-plus minutes over the last four. Thibodeau is making him part of his everyday thinking — like he was before the season started.

In a new season, with a new coach and a new team, Shamet, yet again, is finding a way to see the floor. For someone with his background as a professional basketball player, that’s just another day at the office.

“Happy he’s here and getting another chance,” Bridges said of Shamet. “He could always hoop, and I’ve always been a fan of Landry.”

(Top photo of Anthony Black and Landry Shamet: Wendell Cruz / Imagn Images)

James L. Edwards III is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the New York Knicks. Previously, he covered the Detroit Pistons at The Athletic for seven seasons and, before that, was a reporter for the Lansing State Journal, where he covered Michigan State and high school sports. Follow James L. on Twitter @JLEdwardsIII

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6048874/2025/01/09/landry-shamet-knicks-nba/ 
 ----- 
