Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI SHOWCASE
SI RESORTS
Zac Gallen Stops D-backs Slide with Dominant Start
The Diamondbacks broke a three game losing streak with an 8-2 victory over the Giants.
Jack Sommers | Sep 26, 2024
Sep 25, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Zac Gallen (23) throws in the first inning against the San Francisco Giants at Chase Field. Mandatory Credit: Matt Kartozian-Imagn Images / Matt Kartozian-Imagn Images
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
San Francisco Giants

Zac Gallen struck out a season-high 11 batters in six dominant innings as the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants Wednesday night 8-2. They broke a three-game losing streak in the process.

With their lead over the Braves in the NL Wild Card chase hanging by the thinnest of threads, the D-backs desperately needed a strong outing from their best starter. "The Milkman" delivered just that.

Gallen's outing started out a bit shaky when he walked a batter in the first inning. He continued to throw more balls than strikes through his first 25 pitches, walking the lead-off hitter in the second inning. That runner came around to score on a double from Tyler Fitzgerald.

That was all the Giants got off of Gallen the rest of the night however, as he settled in and attacked the zone. Gallen retired the next 12 batters in a row, striking out seven of them.

Heliot Ramos roped a one out double in the sixth, but Gallen got out of the jam easily by inducing a ground out and then striking out Matt Chapman for his final batter faced.

Not surprisingly, it was the curveball that was most effective for Gallen, as he had 10 swing and miss on the breaking ball out of 15 swings. Torey Lovullo pulled him from the game with 97 pitches thrown, and 61 for strikes. His final line was 6 innings, 2 hits, 2 walks and 11 strikeouts.

Gallen finishes his 2024 regular season with a 14-6 record and a 3.65 ERA . He threw 148 innings in 28 starts and posted a 3.37 FIP (Fielding Independent Pitching). He is now in line to start game one of a Wild Card playoff series should the D-backs make it that far.

The offense got going in the second inning. Christian Walker got it started with a double. RBI base hits from Lourdes Gurriel Jr, and Gabriel Moreno put the D-backs up 2-0. It would have been a lot more but Mike Yastrzemski made a fantastic running catch on a line shot into the corner by Corbin Carroll with the bases loaded. The D-backs had to settle for a sacrifice fly and their third run of the inning.

Pavin Smith put the game on ice with a pinch-hit, three-run homer in the eighth, a moon shot into the pool. It was Smith's ninth homer of the year and sixth in the month of September.

The D-backs record goes to 88-71. The idle Atlanta Braves, who were rained out, are 86-71. The Mets are 87-70. Both teams hold the tie-breaker advantage over the D-backs, but if the D-backs wn their remaining three games against the Padres, then they are in the playoffs.

Thursday is an off day. Merrill Kelly will start on Friday against the Padres against left-hander Martin Perez. First pitch is at 6:40 p.m.

Published Sep 26, 2024
JACK SOMMERS

Jack Sommers is the Publisher for Arizona Diamondbacks ON SI. Formerly a baseball operations department analyst for the D-backs, Jack also covered the team as a credentialed beat writer for SB Nation and has written for MLB.com and The Associated Press. Follow Jack on Twitter @shoewizard59

Follow shoewizard59

Home
/
Arizona Diamondbacks Game Day
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/diamondbacks/arizona-diamondbacks-game-day/zac-gallen-stops-d-backs-slide-with-dominant-start-01j8p4ej15yw 
 ----- 
