Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Weeklong festivities planned for Miggy's farewell
Share
Weeklong festivities planned for Miggy's farewell
September 26th, 2023

Jason Beck

@beckjason
Share

0:01

3:36

This story was excerpted from Jason Beck’s Tigers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Miguel Cabrera’s final week as a Major League player is coming into place, including Miggy Appreciation Weekend for the season-ending series against Cleveland.

The celebration begins Friday’s 6:40 p.m. ET game against the Guardians. Pregame festivities will focus on Miggy “The Person,” noting his Venezuelan roots, his connection with fans and his impact in the community. Michigan-born actor and Tigers fan J.K. Simmons will narrate a pregame video presentation. Video tributes will showcase recipients of the Cabrera Family Scholarship as well as others who have benefited from the efforts of the Miguel Cabrera Foundation.

The Comerica Landing area will feature Venezuelan music, Latin food and drink options. All fans through the gates will receive a commemorative Miggy comic book cover celebrating his accomplishments. Instead of Friday night fireworks, the Tigers have set up their first-ever postgame drone show, with drones flying in formation to depict some of the great moments and milestones of Cabrera’s career with audio and video in support.

Saturday’s 1:10 p.m. game is expected to be the peak of the Miggy festivities, focusing on “The Player” and his incredible on-field accomplishments. The first 15,000 fans will receive a Miguel Cabrera Print-All-Over T-shirt. Pregame ceremonies will include a series of guest speakers and video tributes, culminating with gifts presented by the Tigers organization and Cabrera’s teammates in what will likely be an emotional presentation.

Sunday’s 3:10 start is “The Curtain Call” as the focus turns to the final game and Cabrera’s farewell. All fans in attendance will receive a Miggy cheer card, which will be used as part of the festivities.

If you’re looking to catch Miggy one last time, you still have a chance, though they get slimmer as the week goes on. Tickets are still available for Friday’s game and surrounding festivities, but seats are more limited for Saturday’s matinee. Sunday’s season finale is down to standing-room tickets. The series is tracking to draw Comerica Park’s first 100,000 attendance for a three-game set since 2016.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Miguel Cabrera's Top 11 moments

April 18th, 2024

'We need his influence': Miggy back at camp as special assistant

March 12th, 2024

Tigers' clubhouse 'a little quieter' without Miggy

February 15th, 2024

If the weekend doesn’t work, the Tigers host the Royals on Tuesday and Wednesday night at 6:40 ahead of a Thursday matinee at 1:10. The first 15,000 fans to Thursday’s game will receive a Miggy commemorative poster with artwork featuring Miggy on a throne with a crown in front of Comerica Park, a tiger at his side.

In addition to all the festivities inside the park, the Miggy-themed pop-up dining experience, featuring Venezuelan cuisine from El Rey de las Arepas, is open all week across Woodward on W. Columbia St., featuring some of Cabrera’s favorite food. A Miggy sampler includes a mini arepa -- chicken, beef or vegetarian -- along with sweet plantains and a mini cachapa, a pancake-like dish made from corn batter.

Part of the proceeds benefit the Miguel Cabrera Foundation, which helps support youth sports, children and family support, and funds scholarships for first-generation college students in Detroit and Miami.

The pop-up is open before every game this week:

Tuesday: 3:30-7 p.m.
Wednesday: 3:30-7 p.m.
Thursday: 11 a.m.-2 p.m.
Friday: 3:30-7 p.m.
Saturday: 11 a.m.-2 p.m.
Sunday: 11:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Miguel Cabrera

Senior Reporter Jason Beck has covered the Tigers for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/miguel-cabrera-appreciation-weekend-festivities 
 ----- 
