Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Reds gain ground in NL Wild Card thanks to De La Cruz (2 HRs, 4 RBIs)
Share
Reds gain ground in NL Wild Card thanks to De La Cruz (2 HRs, 4 RBIs)
September 27th, 2023

Mark Sheldon

@m_sheldon
Share

0:04

1:18

CLEVELAND -- It's already been a season full of dizzying comebacks and improbable rallies. But the Reds showed on Tuesday night that if there is even a speck of magic dust left at their disposal, they were going to find a way to make it work.

Cincinnati did it while battling back from two deficits and being boosted by five home runs to take a wild 11-7 victory over the Guardians at Progressive Field. It was the Reds' 48th come-from-behind win, which tied them for the Major League lead while keeping their hopes alive for a National League Wild Card berth.

Cleveland took leads of 3-0 through two innings and 7-5 through four innings against starting pitcher Hunter Greene, who exited in the fourth, but Cincinnati's offense bailed him out in a must-win game.

“It doesn’t matter if the game is close or if we have to come back so hard, that’s why I like this team. We’re never going to give up," Reds shortstop Elly De La Cruz said via translator Jorge Merlos. "That’s why this team clicks so well as much as it does.”

Games remaining (4): at CLE (1), at STL (3)
Standings update: The Reds (81-77) are 1 1/2 games behind the Cubs (82-75) for the third NL Wild Card, after Chicago lost, 7-6, to Atlanta. Cincinnati holds the tiebreaker over Chicago. After a rainout, the Marlins (81-75) are one game ahead of the Reds and have the second tiebreaker based on intradivision record.
Related
How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

29 minutes ago

Reds reach deals with all 8 arbitration-eligible players

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

5 fun facts about Elly's domination on the basepaths

December 21st, 2024

De La Cruz enjoyed his first career multihomer game, with a solo shot to center field in the fourth inning. The exclamation point came on his two-run home run to right-center field in the ninth that traveled a Statcast-projected 467 feet with an exit velocity of 119.2 mph. It was both the farthest and the hardest-hit balls of his brief big league career.

Every team's hardest-hit home run
Here are the hardest-hit home runs in MLB

“That was sick," first baseman Christian Encarnacion-Strand said with a laugh.

Earlier in the day, the Reds revealed that infielder Matt McLain (right oblique strain) would not return for the regular season. Had McLain returned, it might have come at the expense of De La Cruz, who entered the game batting .157 (16-for-102) with three RBIs and 39 strikeouts in 28 games since his last homer on Aug. 23.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It’s been a rough patch, but that doesn’t mean we’re not going to still go out there with a positive attitude," De La Cruz said. “No matter what happens, you have to finish strong. That’s the mentality that you have to bring into it every time you go out to the field.”

In Greene's previous start vs. the Twins on Wednesday, he delivered one of the best starts of his career, as he had 14 strikeouts over seven innings. On Tuesday, it became clear quickly that he didn't have another gem at his disposal.

Greene gave up three homers while throwing 70 pitches over three-plus innings. Bo Naylor's three-run homer in the second inning put Cincinnati down, 3-0. After taking a 4-3 lead in the top of the third inning, Greene gave it up, as Kole Calhoun and Andrés Giménez hit back-to-back homers in the bottom of the third.

The worn-down Reds bullpen, which struggled mightily of late, banded together to quiet Cleveland's bats. Sam Moll followed Greene with two scoreless innings and Fernando Cruz also supplied a pair of perfect innings.

Lucas Sims worked a perfect eighth inning and Alexis Díaz handled the ninth. Combined, the bullpen allowed one hit in six scoreless innings.

“Tonight wasn’t [Greene's] best night," Reds manager David Bell said. "It’s a team game. He’s picked us up a lot. Our offense definitely was able to pick him up early. I thought the answer-back innings were really important. Our bullpen stepped in, starting with Sam Moll. He was outstanding. Everyone that pitched was able to stop the scoring.”

The first answer came from Luke Maile. He led off the top of the third inning with a homer to left field against Lucas Giolito. Maile's two-out, two-run single to left field in the fifth inning -- with De La Cruz's headfirst slide across the plate -- put the Reds ahead for good.

"The way our offense played tonight just felt free. It felt like we were on the attack, and I think we need that right now," said Maile, who tied a career high with three hits. "We’re playing with nothing to lose. That’s what got us here, and that’s what’s going to keep us moving forward.”

The power kept coming. Encarnacion-Strand homered in his third straight game (and sixth in the past eight) with a two-run shot in the third inning. TJ Friedl added a leadoff homer to right field in the sixth inning, which gave him a career-best four straight games with a long ball.

“Every game means a lot," Encarnacion-Strand. "It means a lot to come out with a win.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds
Elly De La Cruz

Senior Reporter Mark Sheldon has covered the Reds for MLB.com since 2006, and previously covered the Twins from 2001-05.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/elly-de-la-cruz-has-first-2-home-run-game-in-reds-win 
 ----- 
