Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI SWIMSUIT
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SI SHOPS
MY ACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Zack Greinke Somehow Managed to Throw a Changeup Faster Than His Fastball
Greinke’s fastball might not have had much velocity, but his changeup had plenty of zip.
Karl Rasmussen | Sep 26, 2023
Zack Greinke Somehow Managed to Throw a Changeup Faster Than His Fastball /
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

Royals starter Zack Greinke may not have the most velocity on his fastball late into his 20th MLB season, but it seems his changeup still packs a bit of a punch.

By the fifth inning of his start against the Tigers on Tuesday, Greinke’s fastball had lost a bit of steam, sitting at around 87 mph after clocking in around 90 mph in the first. His “off-speed” stuff, however, still had some zip. 

Greinke’s changeup during the later innings was clocking in at 88 mph, as he somehow managed to throw it faster than his four-seam fastball.

In fact, Greinke’s final strikeout of the night came on a devastating 88 mph changeup on Andy Ibañez. 

The unusually minimal disparity in the velocity between his changeup and his fastball was seemingly effective versus Detroit’s lineup. Greinke pitched five scoreless innings on Tuesday, striking out five while surrendering just one hit and one walk. 

The 39-year-old has not declared whether or not the 2023 season will be his last in MLB. Barring a change in the rotation, he’ll start one more game for the Royals this year before the season ends.

Published Sep 26, 2023
KARL RASMUSSEN

Karl Rasmussen is a staff writer for the Breaking and Trending News team for Sports Illustrated. A University of Oregon alum who joined SI in February 2023, his work has appeared on 12up and ClutchPoints. Rasmussen is a loyal Tottenham, Jets, Yankees and Ducks fan.

Follow Karlras920

Home
/
MLB
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
FAQ
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/2023/09/27/zack-greinke-somehow-managed-throw-changeup-faster-than-fastball 
 ----- 
