Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Philadelphia Eagles
Eagles fans conjure conspiracy theory to cope with Taylor Swift dating Travis Kelce

Swift is a Philadelphia native who once made her fandom for the Eagles evident

Taylor Swift at Chiefs gameLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 25/09/2023 - 21:27 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. NFL stadiums to avoid: New study reveals most dangerous venue
NFL. Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift all but confirm romance, one Swiftie hates him

Fans of the Philadelphia Eagles are coping with the news of Taylor Swift dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce by conjuring up a conspiracy theory that she's only trying to ruing the team's chances to repeat as Super Bowl winners.

Swift, 33, is a Philadelphia native who made her fandom for the Eagles evident by singing about them in a song, but she was rooting for Kelce and the Chiefs on Sunday at Arrowhead Stadium.

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spotted leaving Chiefs stadium together

Some fans aren't convinced she actually wants to date him, but believe Swift is stringing him along to eventually dump him during the playoffs and write a song called, "Love, Hurts."

Others state Swift is playing an even longer game to convince Travis to join his brother Jason Kelce on the Eagles.

Kansas City defeated Philadelphia in the past Super Bowl, so fans might still be somewhat bitter about the loss, ergo their delusional theories.

Travis Kelce sweeps Taylor Swift off her feet

Kelce, 33, is a smooth-talking, successful, famous and charismatic man who has been single for quite some time, perhaps waiting for the perfect woman.

Swift is coming off a lengthy relationship with actor Joe Alwyn and has failed to find "the right one" throughout the years.

MORE in MARCA
Who is Amy...
Marca
Prince Harry...
Marca

During his rookie year, Travis starred in a reality show called "Catching Kelce," which was meant for him to find a girlfriend. He didn't.

The majority of Swifties are happy she is dating Kelce, evidenced by the fact that his jersey sales went up 400% overnight, except for Swift's self-proclaimed biggest fan.

NFL - English
Celebrities - English
Philadelphia Eagles - English
Kansas City Chiefs - English
Taylor Swift - English
Travis Kelce - English
Kansas City ChiefsDid Taylor Swift and Brittany Mahomes just become best friends?
Kansas City ChiefsIs Taylor Swift attending Chiefs at Jets on SNF to support Travis Kelce?
Kansas City ChiefsTravis Kelce and Taylor Swift all but confirm romance, one Swiftie hates him
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/philadelphia-eagles/2023/09/26/65123d3d268e3e00618b45c1.html 
 ----- 
