Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Kansas City Chiefs
Did Taylor Swift sneak out of Travis Kelce's suite in a popcorn cart?

Kelce was first to make a move when he attempted to give Swift a bracelet

Taylor Swift (left) and popcorn cart (right)LAPRESSE (left) and @cassiemusfeldt - TikTok (right)
LW
Actualizado 25/09/2023 - 18:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Dolphins currently boast fastest offense in NFL, not just Tyreek Hill
NFL. Josh McDaniels addresses Raider Nation about decision to kick FG vs. Steelers

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce seemingly confirmed their romantic relationship on Sunday when she sat in a suite next to his mother at Arrowhead Stadium to watch the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the Chicago Bears. Fans were eagerly waiting for the popstar to walk out of the tight end's game suite, but was never seen exiting.

A TikTok user [@cassiemusfeldt] is convinced that Swift snuck out of the Chiefs suite inside a huge, metal container for snacks. She shared a video on social media in which a stadium employee exiting the sky box is pushing the popcorn cart.

Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spotted leaving Chiefs stadium together

The giant bag of popocorn on top of it made it quite evident there was no more room inside. Could it be because Swift was inside?

"This is Taylor leaving the Chiefs suite," the TikTok user captioned the video. "You can't convince me otherwise."

The video ends with the person recording approaching a group of people clearly agreeing that Swift had just snuck out of the suite in the metal container.

Taylor Swift dating Travis Kelce?

Swift, 33, and Kelce have all but confirmed that they are in a relationship. The couple went out on a dinner date after the game.

Kelce, 33, was first to make a move when he attempted to give Swift a bracelet with his phone number at her Kansas City concert.

MORE in MARCA
Mel Gibs on reve...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Swift politely declined because she never allows anybody backstage, but Kelce did not give up. He invited her to see him play at Arrowead Stadium on Sunday it clearly worked.

While most Swifties are excited about the singer's new romance, her self-proclaimed biggest fan hates Kelce.

NFL - English
Kansas City Chiefs - English
Celebrities - English
Taylor Swift - English
Travis Kelce - English
Chicago Bears - English
Kansas City ChiefsTaylor Swift celebrates Chiefs TD exactly like Brittany Mahomes often does
Kansas City ChiefsTravis Kelce and Taylor Swift all but confirm romance, one Swiftie hates him
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes answers one final question about Travis Kelce's love life: meeting Taylor Swift
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Pamela Anderson moves away fro...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs/2023/09/26/6512082e268e3ea91d8b45ca.html 
 ----- 
