NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Injury-depleted Rays put 2B Brandon Lowe on IL with fractured right patella
Associated Press
September 23, 2023 - 4:02pm
Tampa Bay Rays' Brandon Lowe waits for a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 15, 2023, in Baltimore. (Julio Cortez/AP)
17 comments

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — The playoff-bound and injury-depleted Tampa Bay Rays put second baseman Brandon Lowe on the 10-day injured list with a fractured right patella on Saturday.

Lowe was hurt Thursday when he hit a foul ball off his leg.

The Rays selected the contract of outfielder Raimel Tapia from Triple-A Durham. To make room on the the 40-man roster for Tapia, right-hander Calvin Faucher was recalled from Durham and placed on the 60-day IL due to right biceps tendinitis.

Play Video

Tampa Bay outfielder Luke Raley went on the 10-day IL on Friday with a cervical strain. He joined centre fielder Jose Siri, who has been out since Sept, 12 with fractured right hand.

All-Star left fielder Randy Arozarena left Friday's game with right quadriceps tightness and is day to day. Reliever Jason Adam also departed Friday's game with an oblique injury.

Four Tampa Bay starting pitchers, ace Shane McClanahan, Drew Rasmussen. Jeffrey Springs and Shane Baz, have missed part or all of this season following elbow surgery.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Rays lose Arozarena, Adam to injury, get bad news on Lowe
Blue Jays turn to Ryu to keep Rays offence off track; Guerrero to play first
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/injury-depleted-rays-put-2b-brandon-lowe-on-il-with-fractured-right-patella/ 
 ----- 
