Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Tampa Bay Rays
Bad news for the Tampa Bay Rays: Randy Arozarena picks up a muscular injury

A massive part of the Tampa Bay Rays' season hopes are deposited in Arozarena

Randy ArozarenaLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 23/09/2023 - 10:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. MLB confirms Rays will get new St. Petersburg ballpark by 2028
MLB. Wander Franco in further trouble: Another minor claims relationship

The Tampa Bay Rays fan base instantly worried about Randy Arozarena as soon as they realized he was feeling some discomfort in one of his right quads. As his team was playing the toronto Blue Jays during the fifth inning, the Mexican star's fans instantly started feeling worried about the possibility of an injury that would keep him out of activity for a considerable amount of time. The 2023 All-Star player had a solid season so far with a .255 batting average and 23 homeruns delivered so far this season. Also, he's contributed to the team with 83 RBI and 22 stolen bases this season. Numbers worthy of an All-Star player that may not be there during the most important part of the season.

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

During the interview with the press after the game, Randy did mention he didn't feel well in his quad and had to step out of the game. Despite this pain, Arozarena said: "I believe I'm coming back soon. I feel well and hope I can get back quickly. I feel it's nothing serious. Nobody wants to get injured. We are fighting strong at the top of the division. The Orioles are doing a great job and we are also fighting to keep ourselves in the fight. But we need to keep going until we complete the full 162 games. It's now four or five players that are injured but we need to keep going. The Playoffs are coming and we all hope we can keep doing a good job. Nobody wants to be injured."

Can the Rays still make the Playoffs without Randy?

The problem here is just like Randy said, there are multiple injured players within the Tampa Bay Rays organization. They need all the players completely fit to perform against the Baltimore Orioles for the top of the division. Second base Brandon Love, outfielders Luke Raley and Jose Siri are all injured as well. Hopefully, Randy Arozarena is ready to keep playing until the end of the regular season. That way, he will be able to keep helping out the team with those impressive numbers he has already racked up this season for the Tampa Bay Rays.

Tampa Bay Rays - English
MLB - English
Tampa Bay RaysMLB confirms Rays will get new St. Petersburg ballpark by 2028
NBAMax scores big with live sports fans: Announces Bleacher Report Sports add-on
New York YankeesYankees player released from hospital after taking 101 mph line drive to face
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
土耳其11天團團保證出發，安排中段飛機、住 五星飯店
百威旅遊
100%藏羊絨單品，盡在《FREE》
FREE輝盟
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/tampa-bay-rays/2023/09/23/650efdef22601dbd518b45a5.html 
 ----- 
