Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Tampa Bay Rays Rookie Junior Caminero Rockets First Career Hit in MLB Debut
Top prospect Junior Caminero started at designated hitter for the Tampa Bay Rays, blasting his first career hit 112.0 miles per hour.
Sam Connon | Sep 23, 2023
Tampa Bay Rays Rookie Junior Caminero Rockets First Career Hit in MLB Debut /
In this story:
Tampa Bay Rays

Tampa Bay Rays rookie Junior Caminero made quite the first impression in his MLB debut on Saturday.

The 20-year-old third baseman started at designated hitter against the Toronto Blue Jays, becoming the second-youngest player in history to do so. Caminero was the No. 1 prospect in the Rays' farm system – as well as the No. 6 overall prospect in baseball – when he earned the call-up coming into the weekend.

Caminero did more than just start in his first taste of major league action, though, drawing a walk in his first-ever at-bat.

The next time Caminero came to the plate, he singled on a line drive to left. When he reached first base, Caminero pointed to his family in the crowd.

Caminero's first career hit had an exit velocity of 112.0 miles per hour. It is the third-fastest hit in the league so far Saturday, according to Statcast.

Caminero didn't come across to score either of his first two times aboard.

The Rays ended the fifth inning up 5-0, but the Blue Jays scratched across four runs in the top of the sixth thanks to two Tampa Bay errors. Caminero, meanwhile, could only watch from the dugout.

Caminero went 0-for-3 for the rest of the game, which the Rays went on to win 7-6. He legged out a potential double play ball in the ninth, and after a review ruled that he was safe at first, right fielder Josh Lowe walked it off for Tampa Bay.

In 223 career minor league games, Caminero hit .316 with 51 home runs, 78 RBI and a .938 OPS. The right-handed slugger – who appeared in the All-Star Futures Game earlier this summer – made the leap to the majors straight from Double-A Montgomery, skipping Triple-A entirely.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 23, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/tampa-bay-rays-rookie-top-prospect-junior-caminero-rockets-first-career-hit-in-mlb-debut 
 ----- 
