Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Aaron Rodgers 'earning' Jets paycheck despite injury keeping him away from team

Rodgers is in constant communication with teammates, especially QB Zach Wilson

Aaron Rodgers, Jets quarterbackLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 22/09/2023 - 21:52 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. 49ers extend HC Kyle Shanahan and GM John Lynch despite Trey Lance debacle
NFL. Gisele Bundchen vents about Tom Brady 11 months after divorce, wanted 50-year marriage

New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers made his weekly appearance Tuesday on "The Pat McAfee Show" -- now on ESPN -- to reveal he will not be standing on the sideline during games over fear a player could crash into him and reaggravate the injury.

Rodgers, 39, has been away from the team since suffering his season-ending Achilles tear, but head coach Robert Saleh hopes he can be back in the building by next week. The QB, however, will make sure to watch live games from the owner's box.

Give me your doubts...then watch what I do" - Aaron Rodgers pledges to return to NFL after injuryPat McAfee Show

"I miss the guys. It's hard to be away from them," Rodgers told Pat McAfee. "Hopefully, I'll be able to get there at some point. . . . I don't think I can be on the sidelines until I can evade guys running [into me]. I don't know if I'll be hanging out with Woody and Christopher [Johnson] in the owner's box eating hot dogs. I don't eat hot dogs."

Despite not being able to physically be with the team, Rodgers has continued to "earn" his Jets paycheck by staying in constant communication with teammates, especially quarterback Zach Wilson.

"I talk to Zach all the time," Rodgers said. "I love Zach. Zach's my guy. I'm pulling for him. We talk every single day. Just want him to go out and play free and confident this week. Bill Belichick and the [New England] Patriots. Jets haven't beaten them in a while. So, good time to end the streak."

Jets coach Marquand Manuel praises Aaron Rodgers

Rodgers also left an imprint on the team throughout his time there in the offseason and training camp that sticks with them while he's gone, according to Jets coach Marquand Manuel.

"I wouldn't say he's not here," Manuel said on Thursday. "The fact of what he put in and poured into everybody - whether it'd be a joke on the side, or what play you could have made, or the little small things that Aaron does - that has helped us all. And that same creed, we still work with that every single day.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

"I can't say enough about him, man, as a teammate, as a man, and seeing the maturation process from when I played with him and against him, he's done a phenomenal job and 10 times more than we could have ever anticipated. For not just the durability of our team, but for the mentality which we bring and we take out there to the practice field every day. I can't say enough positive words about a man that I appreciate, what he's done for us and what he's continuing to do for us."

Manuel, 44, was Rodgers' teammate on the Green Bay Packers for the 2006 NFL season and is now the safeties coach on the Jets.

NFL - English
New York Jets - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
New York JetsAaron Rodgers could be offered a new gig while he recovers from his Achilles injury
New York JetsWhich veteran NFL quarterback turned down New York Jets offer after Aaron Rodgers injury?
New York JetsJets embrace Aaron Rodgers' critique: Coach Saleh and players find wisdom in QB's insights
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
100%藏羊絨單品，盡在《FREE》
FREE輝盟
【百威旅遊】九州超值選５天～ 2月18、2 6日出發
百威旅遊
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/23/650e4fd122601d424e8b4577.html 
 ----- 
