    Subscribe
SPORTS
Dodgers drop Padres 2-0 to advance in MLB playoffs
Agence France-Presse
October 12, 2024 | 11:18am
 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: Yoshinobu Yamamoto #18 of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitches the ball against the San Diego Padres during the third inning of Game Five of the Division Series at Dodger Stadium on October 11, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Harry How / Getty Images / AFP

ADVERTISEMENT

LOS ANGELES, United States — Yoshinobu Yamamoto pitched five brilliant innings and Los Angeles homered twice in a 2-0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday (Saturday, Manila time) that propelled the Dodgers into the National League Championship Series.

Two days after fending off elimination, the Dodgers completed a 3-2 victory over the Padres in the best-of-five National League division series and will host the New York Mets in game one of the best-of-seven NLCS on Sunday.

Yamamoto came out on top in a historic duel with San Diego hurler Yu Darvish -- the first Major League Baseball post-season match-up between two Japanese-born starting pitchers.

Yamamoto, who struggled during his team's game-one win, was dialed in. He gave up two hits over five innings with one walk and two strikeouts, throwing 63 pitches -- 39 of them strikes.

He allowed back-to-back singles to Kyle Higashioka and Luis Arraez in the third inning but induced Fernando Tatis to hit into an inning-ending double play and retired the last seven batters he faced before he turned it over to the Dodgers relievers -- who closed it out without allowing a hit over four innings.

Darvish pitched several strong innings, but he gave up solo home runs to Enrique Hernandez and Teoscar Hernandez, and that was all the Dodgers needed.

Enrique Hernandez crushed a solo shot to left field to put the Dodgers up 1-0 in the second inning, pouncing on a first-pitch fastball from Darvish, who had walked Max Muncy to open the inning before Will Smith hit into a double play.

It was the 14th post-season homer for the 33-year-old Hernandez.

Darvish retired 14 straight batters before Teoscar Hernandez made it 2-0 in the seventh, launching a 420 foot blast into the left field seats.

The Dodgers, the 2020 World Series champions, are back in the league championship series for the first time since 2021.

The victory means Japanese superstar Shohei Ohtani will have a chance to battle for a World Series berth.

Ohtani earned two American League Most Valuable Player awards in six seasons with the Los Angeles Angels but is in the playoffs for the first time after jumping to the Dodgers in December in a record 10-year, $700 million deal.

BASEBALL
MLB
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Japeth always there for Gilas
Philippine series in LIV calendar
PNVF, JVA strengthen partnership
Molina, Meneses cut ties with Cignal
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
GCash scales up financial literacy efforts nationwide with Pera Talks
AIA Philippines reinforces commitment to empower Filipinos through every life stage
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATESTTRENDING
Latest 
Coming from Guimaras
By Joaquin M. Henson | 3 hours ago
The capital of Guimaras, an island province in Western Visayas, is Jordan and rest assured, there is no affiliation with the basketball GOAT.
SPORTS
 
Beermen out of EASL playoff race
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 8 hours ago
The San Miguel Beermen have been eliminated from playoff contention in the 2025 East Asia Super League (EASL) season after...
SPORTS
 
Alas spikers set to train overseas for FIVB world tilt
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 8 hours ago
The Alas Pilipinas men volleyball squad will enter training camps in multiple countries ahead of the FIVB men’s volleyball...
SPORTS
 
Towns impresses in front of Ewing as Knicks slay Raptors
By Alder Almo | 9 hours ago
With Patrick Ewing, the best center in franchise history, watching from the baseline, Karl-Anthony Towns gave his best impression...
SPORTS
 
Philippines, Japan boost volleyball ties
10 hours ago
The Philippine National Volleyball Federation (PNVF) and Japan Volleyball Association (JVA) vowed to continue to strengthen...
SPORTS
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/sports/2024/10/12/2392000/dodgers-drop-padres-2-0-advance-mlb-playoffs 
 ----- 
