SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Thu, 5 Sept 2024
54
138
→
Fri, 6 Sept 2024
62
99
→
Sat, 7 Sept 2024
88
82
→
Sat, 7 Sept 2024
99
71
→
Fri, 13 Sept 2024
75
72
→
Sat, 14 Sept 2024
100
105
→
Fri, 20 Sept 2024
95
59
→
Sat, 21 Sept 2024
85
95
→
Sat, 28 Sept 2024
60
120
→
AFL Score Centre 
The AFL grand final is here — how to watch, how to stream, the entertainment, the line-ups and more

Topic:
AFL

Fri 27 Sep
Friday 27 September

Nearly 100,000 fans are expected to flock to the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday for the AFL grand final. (AAP: James Ross)

abc.net.au/news/afl-grand-final-how-to-watch-entertainment/104368952
Link copied
Share article

The biggest game of the AFL season has arrived, with nearly 100,000 fans expected to flood the Melbourne Cricket Ground today.

The Sydney Swans are preparing to face the Brisbane Lions, with the two teams hoping to redeem themselves after both losing in their last grand final appearances.

Here are all the details about the grand final, the pre-show entertainment and how to watch it all live.

What time does the AFL grand final start?

The first bounce will be at 2:30pm AEST, for those in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Canberra and Hobart.

If you are in Perth, the game starts at 12:30pm AWST. And if you are in Adelaide or Darwin, the action gets underway at 2pm ACST.

How can I watch the AFL grand final?

The game will be broadcast live on Channel Seven across the country on free-to-air television. 

You can also tune in to ABC Sport's live radio call via the AFL website and the ABC Listen App, or follow the action with our live blog at abc.net.au/sport.

For those who want to stream it, the grand final will be live streamed for free on the 7Plus app, and will be available to be replayed on Kayo after the game.

You can stream through a smart television, mobile phone, tablet or computer.

Those outside Australia who want to watch the game can do so via the Watch AFL service for a fee.

Where can I watch the AFL grand final in-person?

For fans in NSW and Queensland who can't make the trip down to the MCG, live sites will be set up in Sydney and Brisbane for the grand final. 

Footy fans in Sydney can join a watch party at the SCG, either from the Ladies Stand or by staking out a spot on the field. Gates open from 1:30pm.

Brisbane footy fans can head to South Bank Parklands, where screens at South Bank Cultural Forecourt and South Bank Streets Beach will be showing the game from 1pm.

For fans in Melbourne who weren't able to snag a ticket, the grand final will be screened at Fed Square in the CBD from 12pm.

Who is playing in the AFL grand final?

The Sydney Swans will take on the Brisbane Lions in what will be a chance at redemption for both teams, who were runners-up in the previous two grand finals.

The Swans were flattened during their last grand final appearance in 2022, going down to Geelong by 81 points.

Meanwhile, Brisbane will hope to bounce back after losing a heartbreaking grand final last year to Collingwood by just 4 points.

Sydney and Brisbane have faced each other just once this season, with the Lions eking out a two-point victory in a thriller at the Gabba in Round 19.

The Sydney Swans have lost their last three regular season games against Brisbane. (AAP: Darren England)

The two sides have never faced each other in a grand final in the modern AFL era, but their precursor clubs — South Melbourne and Fitzroy — did face off in the 1899 VFL final.

That match, played under torrential rain in front of just under 5,000 spectators, saw Fitzroy come out on top 27-26.

Who is the entertainment at the grand final?

Pop star Katy Perry will be headlining the pre-game entertainment, in what will be her second show at the MCG.

Perry previously headlined the entertainment at the Women's T20 World Cup in March 2020.

Katy Perry will provide the pre-show entertainment. (Supplied)

The multi-platinum selling songstress will be performing just a week after the release of her latest album, 143.

Perry, who previously performed at the 2015 Super Bowl half-time show, told the ABC she couldn't wait to hear "100,000 people singing all the songs at the top of their lungs".

"I'm really excited to take it up a notch," she said.

Has Video Duration: 5 minutes 18 seconds.
Watch 5m

What to expect from Katy Perry’s AFL performance. (ABC News Breakfast)

Australian singer and swimmer Cody Simpson will perform the Australian national anthem, while Christine Anu and her daughter Zipporah Corser-Anu will perform for the First Nations ceremony. 

And, as is tradition, Mike Brady will be on hand to perform 'Up There Cazaly' during the AFL retiree motorcade.

Who will present the awards?

Either three-time Lions premiership coach Leigh Matthews or former Sydney captain Stuart Maxwell will present the Premiership Cup, depending on which team is victorious.

Three-time Geelong premiership winner Steve Johnson will present the Norm Smith Medal for the player judged to be best-on-ground on grand final day.

David Parkin, who coached four premiership sides across three decades, will present the Jock McHale medal to the premiership winning coach.

In addition, this year will see the first ever Ron Barassi medal presented to the captain of the winning side, memorialising the 10-time premiership winning coach and player.

Former Geelong captain and 1963 premiership winner Fred Wooller will present the new medal.

The AFL will honour Ron Barassi on grand final day, naming a new medal after the legendary player and coach. (AAP: Julian Smith)

Who are in the grand final teams?
Sydney Swans

B: D.Rampe (captain), T.McCartin, N.Blakey

HB: J.Lloyds, H.Cunningham, L.Melican

C: J.Jordan, C.Warner, O.Florent

HF: L.Parker, L.McDonald, E.Gulden

F: T.Papley, J.Amartey, W.Hayward

FOLL: B.Grundy, I.Heeney, J.Rowbottom

I/C: M.Roberts, B.Campbell, J.McInerney, H.McLean, R.Fox

EMG: A.Francis, P.Ladhams, C.Cleary

There are no changes for the Swans, with skipper Callum Mills remaining out of the side after injuring his hamstring at training on September 10.

Midfielder Taylor Adams will also miss out on his second grand final in a row, one year on from being dropped from Collingwood's premiership winning team due to injury.

Brisbane Lions

B: D.Zorko, H.Andrews, C.McKenna

HB: D.Wilmot, J.Payne, R.Lester

C: J.Fletcher, W.Ashcroft, H.McCluggage

HF: C.Rayner, J.Daniher, J.Berry

F: C.Cameron, E.Hipwood, Z.Bailey

FOLL: D. Fort, J.Dunkley, L.Neale (captain)

I/C: K.Lohmann, C.Ah Chee, L.Morris, B.Starcevich, N.Answerth

EMG: H.Sharp, H.Smith, D.Joyce

Just one change for the Lions, with Darcy Fort replacing Oscar McInerney in the ruck, after McInerney dislocated his shoulder twice during their preliminary-final win over Geelong.

Fort has played just two AFL matches this season, and hasn't lined up for the Lions since Round 7.

What is the weather forecast?

Pleasant, sunny conditions are forecast for Saturday despite a spell of cold weather during the week in Melbourne.

"Warmer weather is expected in Melbourne on Saturday, with temperatures reaching the low to mid 20s for the opening bounce," senior BoM meteorologist Miriam Bradbury said.

"These fine match-day conditions are a result of a high pressure system moving across Victoria, bringing clear skies and moderate northerly winds."

The BoM said if the temperature reaches the forecast 23 degrees on Saturday, this year's grand final would rank in the top 20 warmest grand finals ever.

This year's forecast temperature falls well short of last year's clash between Collingwood and Brisbane, where temperatures hit 29.7 degrees at the MCG.

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 27 Sep 2024 at 1:03am
Friday 27 Sep 2024 at 1:03am
, updated Fri 27 Sep 2024 at 11:00pm
Friday 27 Sep 2024 at 11:00pm
Related topics

AFL

Australian Rules Football

Events

Melbourne

Richmond

Sport

Top Stories
'Tears of joy' after 72yo man arrested in NSW over alleged cold case murder of Victorian woman

Topic:
Homicide

Photo shows a young woman smiling into the camera in an old photo
What we know about the Trump-loving 'super soldier' Tesla explosion suspect

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

New Orleans terrorist acted alone after initial plan to harm family: FBI

Topic:
Terrorist Attacks

South Korean officials end presidential arrest stand-off with 'wall' of security

Topic:
World Politics

Family of missing Melbourne hiker frustrated with search efforts

Topic:
Missing Person

Just In
Total fire ban declared as firefighters prepare for heatwave conditions in Victoria

Topic:
Bushfires

14m ago
14 minutes ago
International student numbers hit record highs last year but a seismic shift is underway

Analysis by Maani Truu

44m ago
44 minutes ago
The greatest catch that never was can't stop Boland dominating day one

Analysis by Dean Bilton

11h ago
11 hours ago
Family of missing Melbourne hiker frustrated with search efforts

Topic:
Missing Person

11h ago
11 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-09-27/afl-grand-final-how-to-watch-entertainment/104368952 
 ----- 
