Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Golden State Warriors
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
SHOP
CHASE CENTER
MY WARRIORS ACCOUNT
...
Wiggins, Schröder Lead Warriors to Grind-Out Win Over Grizzlies
Wiggins Scores 18 of His 24 Points in Third Quarter, Schröder Adds 17 Points and Nine Assists
Kalyb Champion
January 4, 20258:00 PM PST

Andrew Wiggins scored 18 of his team-high 24 points in the third quarter of the Warriors' 121-113 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies at Chase Center on Saturday. With Stephen Curry sitting the front end of a back-to-back and Jonathan Kuminga getting injured in the second quarter, Wiggins stepped up when the team needed him most. Dennis Schröder was another key contributor for the Dubs, taking on additional point guard responsibilities in Curry's absence. Schröder tallied 17 points and nine assists, both personal highs as a Warrior.

WATERS' 8-0 SECOND QUARTER RUN
Lindy Waters III began the second quarter by scoring eight straight points, including two 3-pointers and a layup off a backdoor cut. Waters' 8-0 spurt helped the Warriors regain momentum after the Grizzlies made a halfcourt buzzer-beater to end the first quarter.

Waters hit several timely shots down the stretch, showcasing unwavering confidence. He finished with 16 points on 6-for-7 shooting, 4-for-5 from deep.

KUMINGA EXITS WITH RIGHT ANKLE SPRAIN
In the second quarter, Jonathan Kuminga landed awkwardly on his right ankle — attempting to block a shot — and limped straight to the locker room. Kuminga was officially diagnosed with a right ankle sprain and was out for the rest of the game. Kuminga finished with 13 points on 4-for-6 shooting and was a perfect 3-for-3 from behind the arc in just 15 minutes of action. 

WIGGINS' 18-POINT THIRD QUARTER EXPLOSION 
Andrew Wiggins made his first six field goal attempts in the third quarter, scoring 18 points and hitting three 3-pointers in the frame. Wiggins scored just two points on 1-for-6 shooting in the first half but elevated his play significantly to shoot 6-for-7 in the third quarter. He showcased a bit of everything, converting a four-point play, hitting a contested mid-range jumper, sinking a floater and throwing down a transition slam. 

SCHRÖDER THRIVES AS LEAD GUARD
Dennis Schröder is amidst a very productive homestand, recording his fourth straight game in double figures. Schröder opened Saturday's game like he started Friday's contest with two early 3-pointers. He also ended in a similar fashion, with a new Warriors career-high (17 points). Down the stretch, his playmaking and shot creation helped the Warriors close. With 10:08 remaining in the fourth quarter, Schröder's deep 3-pointer put the Dubs up four and his speed to the rim for an and-1 layup extended the advantage to seven points. A couple of minutes later, he drove and kicked to Waters for a corner three for his ninth assist of the game. Schröder's nine assists are also a personal Warrior high and his fifth game with at least that many dimes this season. 

POSTGAME WARRIORS TALKS
NOW PLAYING
7d
00:07:21
Postgame Warriors Talk: Andrew Wiggins - 1/4/25
7d
00:04:07
Postgame Warriors Talk: Lindy Waters III - 1/4/25
7d
00:02:20

UP NEXT 
The Warriors will host the Sacramento Kings on the second night of a back-to-back at Chase Center on Sunday.

MORE NOTABLES:

The Warriors improved to 10-8 at home on the season and have won two of their last three games played at Chase Center and three of their last four games overall.
The Warriors are winners of two-straight games for the first time since 11/20-11/22, when they defeated the Hawks and Pelicans in consecutive contests. 
Golden State won the team’s sixth consecutive home game vs. Memphis… The Warriors lead the season-series vs. the Grizzlies 2-1… The teams meet for the fourth and final time on April 1 at Memphis. 
Tonight marked the Warriors’ league-high tying 22nd Clutch Game on the season (Minnesota)… They improved to 10-12 in those games… Sixteen of Golden State’s last 20 games have been Clutch Games.  
The Warriors improved to 11-2 when scoring 120-plus points this season. 
Golden State improved to 10-4 when dishing out 30-plus assists and 4-0 when dishing out 30-or-more assists while making at least 50% of the team’s attempts from the field.  
The Warriors improved to 5-0 on the season when shooting 50%-or-better from the field; they have now made 50% of their attempts from the field in consecutive games after failing to achieve the feat for 22-straight games.   
Tonight marked the first time since 2015 (11/27 at PHX, 57.9% and 11/28 vs. SAC, 53.3%) the Warriors have recorded consecutive games making at least 53% of their attempts from the 3-point line (made a season-high 56.4% of their attempts on 1/2 vs. PHI). 
The Warriors deployed their 19th unique starting lineup of the season. 
Andrew Wiggins scored a game-high 24 points, his 10th 20-point game of the season… He recorded a season-high four steals (prev. three, multiple times). 
Draymond Green made three 3-pointers, the seventh time he’s recorded three-or-more 3-pointers in a game this season… The Warriors improved to 6-1 this season and 58-8 all-time when Green makes at least three 3-pointers.
Trayce Jackson-Davis has now scored 10-or-more points in seven of his last eight games… He dished out a career-high tying five assists (three times)… He also tallied a career-high tying three steals (3/24/24 at MIN). 
Buddy Hield made his seventh start of the season, recording 14 points, his 19th game scoring in double figures this season… Tonight marked the 10th time this season Hield has made at least four 3-pointers in a game (Warriors are 9-1 in those games).
Dennis Schröder tallied 17 points, his highest scoring output as a Warrior, surpassing his previous Warriors-high 15, recorded last game on 1/2 vs. PHI.
Lindy Waters lll made a season-high tying four threes (12/15 vs. DAL) en route to his seventh game of double-figure scoring on the season. 
Pat Spencer recorded his first-career block. 
Jonathan Kuminga excited the game with 2:27 to play in the second quarter and did not return due to a sprained right ankle. 
Tags
DENNIS SCHRÖDER
ANDREW WIGGINS
Related Articles
Wiggins, Schröder Lead Warriors to Grind-Out Win Over Grizzlies
Warriors of the Week: Week 11 Dec. 30 - Jan. 5
Game Preview: Warriors vs. Sacramento Kings - 1/5/25
Andrew Wiggins' Career-Best Efficiency Makes 2024-25 All-Star Goal Attainable
Stephen Curry's Perfect 3-Point Shooting Night Propels Warriors to 34-Point Win Over 76ers
WARRIORS.COM
GSW Sports LLC
Career Opportunities
My Warriors Account
COMMUNITY
Community Foundation
Donation Requests
STAY CONNECTED
Social Media
Get Mobile App
Insider Email
中文
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/warriors/news/gameday-recap-20250104 
 ----- 
