ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
England vs South Africa Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
WT20
17 Oct 21 to 14 Nov 21
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Points Table
Teams
Players
Venues
More 
Results
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
WT20
Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 14, 2021
New Zealand
172/4 (20.0)
Australia
173/2 (18.5)
Australia beat New Zealand by 8 wickets
2nd Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 11, 2021
Pakistan
176/4 (20.0)
Australia
177/5 (19.0)
Australia beat Pakistan by 5 wickets
1st Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Abu Dhabi, Nov 10, 2021
England
166/4 (20.0)
New Zealand
167/5 (19.0)
New Zealand beat England by 5 wickets
Sports Home ICC T20 World Cup 2021 News England Vs South Africa Live Score Ball By Ball ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
England vs South Africa Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between England vs South Africa from Sharjah Cricket Stadium, Sharjah. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: November 06, 2021 11:41 pm IST
Read Time: 17 min
SA vs ENG Latest Score

Follow the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 live cricket score on Sports.NDTV.com. After 20.0 overs, England, chasing a target of 190, are 179/8. Get live score, ball by ball commentary and much more. Keep track of ICC T20 World Cup 2021 today match between England and South Africa. Everything related to England and South Africa match will be available on Sports.NDTV.com. Stay updated with England vs South Africa live score. Do check for England vs South Africa scorecard. You can get scorecard updates, match related facts. Get quick live updates with ads, Sports.NDTV.com, which is the perfect destination for live cricket score.

Right then! We have our two semi-finalists from Group 1 and it has been a treat to cover this group. Pakistan have qualified from Group 2 and one more place is up for grabs there. That will be decided over the next 3 games of that group. On Sunday, 7th November, we have two clashes. First, Afghanistan will take on New Zealand in an extremely important game. That will begin at 2 pm Local (10 am GMT) and later, Pakistan will play Scotland at 6 pm Local (2 pm GMT). See you there. Till then, take care and goodbye.

Temba Bavuma, the skipper of South Africa, says that the team played really well and gave it their all with bat and all. Adds that at the start of the tournament, they were more focused on winning the games than on NRR. Mentions that they have a lot of to be proud of as they played quite well. Says that they have to build on the momentum and the confidence that they got from this World Cup.

Eoin Morgan, the skipper of England, says that the wicket was good and South Africa played really well. Says that the batters did well to stretch the game till the end. Adds that to defend low score was their biggest challenge and they did well against Sri Lanka. Tells that they have dealt with a lot of injuries but they have a lot of talents coming in. Says he is happy to finish top of the group and they will embrace going further in the group.

Rassie van der Dussen is the PLAYER OF THE MATCH. He says that they knew they had to get a good score on the board. Mentions that it was a good performance at the end of the day and defeated a strong side. Adds that it has been tough for him as the three venues are totally different and every pitch has its own challenges. Informs that as a batting unit, teams that have adapted quickly have been the most successful. Tells that they asked too much from their bowlers to get them into the semis.

Stay tuned for the presentation.

They had 189 on the board, but South Africa had the number 131 in their mind. They would have wanted early wickets in the Powerplay and would have wanted to concede a few runs but the latter did not happen for them. England got a good start and it got tougher and tougher. Tabraiz Shamsi did take a couple of wickets in the middle overs but by then, it was quite clear that they would not make it to the semi-finals. They would have wanted to finish with a fin but some brilliant hitting by Liam Livingstone kept them on their toes. It looked like he would take the game away from them but Liam Livingstone's departure in the penultimate over and Kagiso Rabada's hat-trick sealed the deal for them.

England had a pretty good target to chase down here. They started quite well but losing Jason Roy early to an injury was a big blow. But, Jos Buttler and Moeen Ali made sure that they had a good start. The first target for them was to cross the 87-run mark and make sure that they got to the semi-finals and they crossed that hurdle with ease. Then, they crossed the 131-run mark to get their arch-rivals, Australia, to the semi-finals too. What was left now was to get to 190 and stay unbeaten in the Super 12s. Liam Livingstone joined Dawid Malan in the middle after the departure of Moeen Ali and the stage was set for these two batters to take them home. Malan fell but Livingstone kept going and even Eoin Morgan hit a few nice blows. But losing quick wickets in the last couple of overs put them short of the target by 10 runs.

It was termed the 'Group of Death' and it has seen the end of the road for Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, South Africa and even the defending champions, West Indies. England and Australia will go through to the semi-finals and they have deserved it. South Africa would be quite gutted though. They bounced back really well after losing their clash with Australia, but too much was needed from them in this match to get to the semi-finals. This game shows the importance of maintaining a good NRR in such competitions from the very beginning. But, we were treated with a brilliant game to end the matches of Group 1. Just to add, Jason Roy was seen limping when the teams shook hands and that is not a good sign for this English side moving forward.

19.6 overs (1 Run)
England's unbeaten run in this World Cup has been put to halt. A length ball, outside off. Rashid pulls it to mid-wicket for a single. SOUTH AFRICA WIN BY 10 RUNS!

19.5 overs (1 Run)
On middle, drilled down to long on for one.

19.4 overs (1 Run)
A length ball, on off, dragged to mid-wicket for a single.

Mark Wood is the new batsman in.

19.3 overs (0 Run)
OUT! CAUGHT! Hat-Trick for Kagiso Rabada. A World Cup Hat-Trick for him. You just can't keep these good players out of the game for a long time. A length ball, outside off. Chris Jordan smashes it straight to long off where Miller takes a good catch.

Adil Rashid is the new batsman in but it will be Chris Jordan who will face the hat-trick ball.

19.2 overs (0 Run)
OUT! CAUGHT! Two in two for Rabada. Went for runs in the previous over but has started brilliantly this one. Can he finish it now? A slower length ball, outside off. Morgan drags it from outside off straight to Keshav Maharaj at deep square leg who takes a simple catch. Rabada is on a Hat-Trick.

Chris Jordan walks out to bat.

19.1 overs (0 Run)
OUT! TAKEN! A length ball, outside off. Woakes gets low stays back and heaves it to deep mid-wicket. He almost thought that he has cleared it but Nortje near the fence, keeps his eyes on the ball and takes a stunner and holds onto it. The TV umpire is called to check the no ball but it is a fair delivery and Woakes continues his long walk.

Kagiso Rabada to bowl the final over.

18.6 overs (2 Runs)
Good running! A length ball, outside off. Morgan drags it to deep square leg. He slips after taking a single but completes it in time. Two runs. 14 needed now.

18.5 overs (0 Run)
Dot ball! A slower length ball, outside off. Morgan tries to pull but misses.

18.4 overs (1 Run)
Full and outside off. Woakes gets an inside edge towards short fine leg. He crosses ends.

18.3 overs (6 Runs)
SIX! Takes full toll of it. A short ball, outside off. Chris Woakes gets on top of the bounce and powers it over long off for a biggie.

18.3 overs (2 Runs)
NO BALL! Slower and outside off, dragged to deep mid-wicket for a single. Hold on, a Free Hit is given as the bowler has overstepped.

18.2 overs (0 Run)
Full and outside off. Morgan shuffles across and tries to drive but gets an inside edge back onto the pads.

The new batter in is Chris Woakes.

18.1 overs (0 Run)
OUT! TAKEN! The slower ball does the trick. A short ball, outside off. Liam Livingstone looks to go big but gets deceived by the pace. Hits it high and towards long off. Miller with safe pair of hands does the rest. New batter at the crease, just what the Proteas needed now.

17.6 overs (0 Run)
Nails the yorker now, outside off. Morgan fails to dig it out. 25 needed in 12 balls.

17.5 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! A length ball, outside off. Morgan cuts it hard and past deep point for a boundary.

17.4 overs (0 Run)
Slight hesitation there! Around off. Morgan cuts it straight to point. Liam Livingstone takes off for a single but it was never there and is sent back by Morgan. Rassie van der Dussen is quick to collect the ball and throw back to Norje. He fails to collect the ball and Liam Livingstone manages to get back in time.

17.3 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Through the cover fielder! A length ball, slower and outside off. Morgan slashes it to cover and beats the man there for a boundary.

17.2 overs (1 Run)
Wide yorker from Nortje. Liam Livingstone works it to extra cover for a single.

17.1 overs (1 Run)
On a length, on off. Morgan punches it to sweeper cover for a single.

Anrich Nortje (3-0-24-1) to bowl out.

16.6 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! 11 coming of the over! A length ball, outside off, slower as well. Liam Livingstone cuts it over point for a boundary. 35 needed in 18 balls.

16.5 overs (1 Run)
Dwaine Pretorius stays outside off. Morgan tries to whip it but gets an inside edge to short fine leg for a single.

16.4 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Boundary to get of the mark. A full ball, way outside off. Morgan steps across and sweeps it through square leg for a boundary.

16.3 overs (1 Run)
A length ball, outside off. Liam Livingstone drags it to mid-wicket for a single.

The skipper, Eoin Morgan, walks out to bat.

16.2 overs (0 Run)
OUT! TAKEN! Good catch by Rabada! South Africa needed that wicket to stop the momentum. A full ball, way outside off. Malan shuffles across and tries to go downtown but ends up slicing it high and over short third man. Kagiso Rabada there tracks back and takes it over his shoulders. A good catch and that also ends Malan's innings. 45 needed in 23 balls.

16.1 overs (1 Run)
A length ball, outside off. Liam Livingstone mistimes his smash to deep cover for one.

15.6 overs (1 Run)
Back of a length, on off. Liam Livingstone drags this to mid-wicket for a single.

15.5 overs (0 Run)
Better from Rabada! Slower and fuller, wide outside off, Liam Livingstone moves across and has a swing but misses.

15.4 overs (0 Run)
Slower ball, wider and outside off, Liam Livingstone looks to cut but gets an inside edge back to the keeper.

15.3 overs (6 Runs)
SIX! Absolute carnage from Livingstone! Three in a row! Another delivery, in the slot, outside off. Liam Livingstone lays back and smokes it over long off for a biggie.

Celebration time! This is perhaps the only time that an Australian team would celebrate after an Englishman has smacked a big maximum! But with that maximum, England have crossed the 131-run mark and now, Australia will join them in the semi-finals. South Africa's campaign will end after this game, but they would surely want to finish with a win here.

15.2 overs (6 Runs)
SIX! This maximum means that South Africa are knocked out and Australia go through. Rabada errs in his length and bowls it in the slot again, outside off. Liam Livingstone shuffles and clobbers this one over deep mid-wicket. The ball goes outside the stadium. There is a road right next to the stadium. Hope that this ball did not hit anyone!

15.1 overs (6 Runs)
SIX! That is huge! That is what Liam Livingstone can do! In the slot, outside off. Liam Livingstone feasts on it. He goes deep in the crease and slogs it over the cow corner fence. What a blow! Biggest six of the tournament as well.

Match Reports
England vs South Africa: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
England vs South Africa: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
England vs South Africa: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Super 12 - Match 39, ICC World Twenty20, 2021, Nov 06, 2021
Match Ended
ENG
179/8 (20.0)
SA
189/2 (20.0)
Sharjah Cricket Stadium, Sharjah
South Africa beat England by 10 runs
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
South Africa Cricket Team
England Cricket Team
Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium, Sharjah
ICC T20 World Cup 2021
England Vs South Africa, Super 12 - Match 39
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
Shahid Afridi Reveals His "Unfulfilled Desire", It Has An 'India-Pakistan' Connection
India vs Pakistan: Rohit Sharma And Co. On The Cusp Of Huge Record In International Cricket
"It Was Relentless": England All-rounder Chris Jordan Reveals He Faced Racist Abuse After T20 World Cup Loss
"Don't Need To Say What India Means To Us": Mohammed Shami Opens Up On Being Targetted By Trolls After India's Defeat To Pakistan In 2021 T20 World Cup
"Hardest Pills I've Had To Swallow": Jofra Archer On Missing T20 World Cup And The Ashes

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/icc-t20-world-cup-2021/england-vs-south-africa-live-score-over-super-12-match-39-t20-16-20-updates-2601532 
 ----- 
