    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  World T20: Rabada takes hat-trick in South Africa’s win, but England progress
SPORTS
World T20: Rabada takes hat-trick in South Africa’s win, but England progress
November 6, 2021 0
Kagiso Rabada of South Africa celebrates after dismissing Chris Jordan to claim a hat trick during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup match between England and SA at Sharjah Cricket Stadium on November 06, 2021 in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Matthew Lewis-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

England qualified for the semi-finals of the Men’s T20 World Cup despite a 10-run defeat by South Africa in Sharjah.

Chasing 190, England needed 14 from the final six balls but Kagiso Rabada began the over with a hat-trick, having Chris Woakes, Eoin Morgan and Chris Jordan caught in the deep.

Although they inflicted a first defeat of the tournament on England, South Africa’s failure to limit them to 131 or fewer meant Australia reached the last four at the Proteas’ expense.

Perhaps significantly, England lost opener Jason Roy to what appeared to be a serious calf injury.

He looked close to tears when forced to retire hurt and was using crutches after the game.

In an entertaining game full of wonderful striking, Rassie van der Dussen made a brilliant 94 not out from 60 balls in South Africa’s 189-2, sharing an unbroken 103-run stand with Aiden Markram, who scored 52 not out from 25 deliveries.

Problems arrive for England

The result did not affect the standings in Group 1, but at least it checked England’s momentum after four comprehensive wins in succession.

West Indies, Bangladesh, Australia and Sri Lanka were swatted aside with ease and Morgan’s team were charging towards the knockout stages.

Although their batters almost rescued a sloppy performance with the ball and in the field, England go into their semi-final – most likely against New Zealand, Afghanistan or India – with questions that were not evident before.

Jason Roy of England reacts as he retires hurt during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup match between England and SA at Sharjah Cricket Stadium on November 06, 2021 in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Matthew Lewis-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

The biggest concern is the injury to Roy, whose departure had an undoubted impact on the result. Having made 20 off 15 balls, he pulled up running a single and had to be helped off the ground.

England have already lost fast bowler Tymal Mills for the rest of the tournament with a thigh strain.

He was replaced by Mark Wood, who returned figures of 0-47 on his return from an ankle problem.

In truth, all the seamers struggled, with Chris Woakes uncharacteristically off colour in conceding 43 from four overs.

Moeen Ali bowled opener Reeza Hendricks in the third over of South Africa’s innings, but England could not repeat the feat achieved in their previous four games of taking at least three powerplay wickets – and subsequently the runs flowed.

Van der Dussen played a fine innings featuring a mix of clever ramps and powerful hitting as he and the powerful Markram hammered 71 runs from the final five overs.

England also conceded overthrows three times in two overs late on – a spell which summed up their evening.

Rabada hat-trick seals victory after Livingstone fireworks

England looked second favourites for much of the chase, the pursuit hampered by the loss of Roy and the departure of Jos Buttler, who hit to mid-off to depart for 26 and end a run of 198 runs without dismissal across three innings.

Moeen made 37 from 27 balls and Dawid Malan 33 from 26 but it took three consecutive sixes from Liam Livingstone off Rabada in the 16th over to breathe life into England’s hopes.

The first of his sixes went 112m, the largest of the tournament, but Livingstone holed out at long-off to fall for 28 before Rabada made sure of victory.

Woakes, who struck his first ball for six, found deep mid-wicket, Eoin Morgan hoisted to deep square-leg and Chris Jordan drilled to long-off.

It was not the prettiest of hat-tricks, one that left Rabada grinning almost sheepishly.

Despite departing the World Cup on a high note, South Africa will rue a final-over defeat by Australia in their opening game, their only defeat. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Long-awaiting Zeelugt families to get land titles in three months
Next article
Naturally, Region Two sells itself as ripe for eco, agro-tourism
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Sparta Boss crowned champions of Kashif and Shanghai/One Guyana National Futsal Championship
Sports
Babar, Masood fight for Pakistan after South Africa enforce follow-on
Sports
Soca Warriors get $6.8M from government for World Cup campaign
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Opposition must be held accountable for decline in forestry, bauxite sectors – President Ali
Editor - January 6, 2025
New Mackenzie-Wismar Bridge 31 per cent complete; substantial progress expected by year-end
Editor - January 6, 2025
 Anisah Khan: Guyana’s Trailblazing Female DJ
Editor - January 6, 2025
Motorcyclist hospitalised after serious incident on Essequibo Coast
Editor - January 6, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
November 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
1	2	3	4	5	6	7
8	9	10	11	12	13	14
15	16	17	18	19	20	21
22	23	24	25	26	27	28
29	30	 
« Oct   Dec »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/11/06/world-t20-rabada-takes-hat-trick-in-south-africas-win-but-england-progress/ 
 ----- 
