Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Los Angeles Chargers
Chargers OC Kellen Moore praises Joshua Kelley, as RB is set to step in for injured Austin Ekeler

The fourth-year running back has steadily improved his game over the past few seasons.

Joshua Kelley continues to improve in his fourth year.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
16/09/2023 - 21:13 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. The GOAT: Detroit Lions unveil Barry Sanders statue at Ford Field
NFL. Aaron Rodgers eyes a playoff return after having innovative surgery

The Los Angeles Chargers will face the Tennessee Titans this Sunday without their best offensive player in running back Austin Ekeler. The one-man army out of the backfield will be missed dearly, but the team is confident they can replace some of his production due to the presence of Joshua Kelley.

Kelley, Ekeler's backup, was outstanding in Week 1 against the Miami Dolphins. He ran for 91 yards on 16 carries and punched in a two-yard touchdown on the ground. That performance has given Chargers offensive coordinator Kellen Moore plenty of confidence in Kelley as the starter in Week 2.

Kellen Moore talks about Joshua Kelley's performanceChargers / Twitter

Just a big-time professional. Obviously, we see the production on the field, but I think he prepares really, really well. He's a great teammate to everyone. He knows his role. He embraces his role. When he gets those opportunities to take advantage of some chances there, he certainly takes advantage of them.

Having the faith of the coaching staff is key for Kelley, especially with Moore coming in as the offensive coordinator this offseason.

A new Joshua Kelley

Kelley's NFL career didn't get off to the best start. Through his first two seasons, Kelley averaged 3.17 yards per carry while getting outplayed by fellow backup Justin Jackson.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Former child...
Marca

But in 2022, Kelley began showing signs of life. He averaged 4.2 yards per carry and a 56% rushing success rate, as well as 7.2 yards per reception. His performance led to Sony Michel being made inactive during the second half of the season and 4th round rookie Isaiah Spiller couldn't carve out a role due to Kelley's presence.

Kelley got his mojo back towards the end of the 2022 season and has carried it over into 2023. The Titans sport an elite run defense, but Week 2 will be a huge opportunity for Kelley to showcase he can handle a full workload and perform like a top running back.

NFL - English
Los Angeles Chargers - English
Austin Ekeler - English
Los Angeles ChargersLA Chargers' Austin Ekeler mourns the passing of trusted agent Cameron Weiss
Los Angeles ChargersChargers HC confirms Ekeler ankle injury; star RB's Week 2 status unknown
Los Angeles ChargersChargers confirm star running back Ekeler OUT due to ankle injury
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met di...
Verisure®
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/los-angeles-chargers/2023/09/17/65065f33e2704e077a8b4597.html 
 ----- 
