Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Wacky sixth paves way for sweep ahead of critical stretch
Share
Wacky sixth paves way for sweep ahead of critical stretch
September 10th, 2023

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share

0:00

0:24

TORONTO -- Another wild and wacky win has brought the Blue Jays to the doorstep of the series that’s been circled for weeks. 

Sunday’s 5-2 win over the Royals at Rogers Centre sealed the series sweep and gave the Blue Jays a 10-5 record over the softest stretch of schedule a contender could ask for. Now that they’ve taken care of that business, it’s on to the Rangers, who the Blue Jays are trying to put to bed in the American League Wild Card race.

The Blue Jays now sit comfortably in the second AL Wild Card spot. This race has taken so many different shapes over the past month, but it’s been narrowed down to three clubs fighting for the final two spots and the Blue Jays have finally put themselves back in the driver’s seat.

“September. This is when it becomes the most fun,” said Kevin Kiermaier. “October is creeping up. This is what you play for every year, to have a chance and an opportunity to play in the playoffs. If we keep doing what we’re doing, we’re just trying to get our foot in the door any way possible. I love where we’re at right now.”

Games remaining: vs. TEX (4), vs. BOS (3), at NYY (3), at TB (3), vs. NYY (3), vs. TB (3)
Standings update: Toronto holds a one-game lead over Seattle for the second AL Wild Card spot and is 1 1/2 games ahead of Texas. 
Tiebreakers: Down 2-1 in season series vs. Texas; Win vs. Houston; Lose vs. Seattle
Related
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

January 11th, 2025

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

January 10th, 2025

Why slugging Santander, Toronto could be ideal match

January 6th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

There was nothing normal about Sunday’s win, though. 

Facing Cole Ragans, the young lefty who has been brilliant since joining the Royals, the Blue Jays’ offense was dead quiet for nearly six innings. Then, in one of the strangest sequences of pitching you’ll ever see, the Blue Jays were handed two runs. 

Ragans threw three consecutive wild pitches, each of them sailing a mile above the strike zone before crashing into the backstop. This allowed the two Blue Jays baserunners to advance, then score on the second and third Hail Marys. Alejandro Kirk, who was standing at the plate for all three, would have needed a telephone pole to foul one off.

It’s only fitting then that it was Kiermaier -- the No. 9 hitter who joked in February that he’d like to hit zero homers -- who launched the home run to put the Blue Jays in front. This isn’t the offense that anyone had in their office pool, but weird wins count just the same as beautiful ones, especially with the Rangers coming to town. 

“We’re doing what we need to do,” said George Springer. “Every game is important, so we just want to win. It doesn’t really matter how you do it, you just want to do it.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Now comes the hard part. Ask a veteran player and they’ll tell you this is the fun part, the games that make those long road trips and dog days worth it.

“We have to play great baseball from here on out,” Kiermaier said. “Our opponents are all in the thick of it and in a similar boat to us. We’re in a great position right now. Life is all about taking advantage of opportunities on and off the field. Our team has a great opportunity.”

This Blue Jays team knows how to get hot down the stretch, too.

In 2022, the Blue Jays went 22-11 after Sept. 1. The year prior, they fell just short of the postseason but went 22-9 in that same stretch. A repeat of that would put the Blue Jays right back in the playoffs, likely as something better than the third and final Wild Card team.

In recent weeks, John Schneider’s message to the team has shifted to look forward and only forward. What’s already happened, Schneider says, the Blue Jays can’t get back. They can’t correct those heartbreaking losses or rewrite the stats to cover up their many ailments. What they can do, though, is change how this story ends.

“There’s a certain demeanor and aura in the clubhouse right now,” Kiermaier said. “I always said that when we fire on all cylinders, we’re one of the most dangerous teams in baseball. It’s up to us to back up what I’m saying right now.”

That starts Monday, and if the Blue Jays can finally do what Kiermaier has long envisioned, this series against the Rangers can be a launching pad.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/kevin-kiermaier-hits-go-ahead-homer-as-blue-jays-sweep-royals 
 ----- 
