NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays' Bo Bichette returns to starting lineup at DH against Royals
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 10, 2023 - 11:05am
Toronto Blue Jays' Bo Bichette swings at a pitch from the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2023, in Baltimore. (Julio Cortez/AP)
90 comments

Bo Bichette will be back in the Toronto Blue Jays' starting lineup as the designated hitter Sunday against the Kansas City Royals.

Bichette, who will bat second in the order, started Friday when he was reactivated from the injured list but was on the bench Saturday as the team is easing his return from a quad strain.

The 25-year-old Bichette is batting .315 with 18 home runs and 64 RBI, plus a team-leading 154 hits.

He went 2-for-5 with a double, one run scored and two RBI on Friday night to help Toronto defeat Kansas City 5-4.

The Blue Jays look to complete a three-game sweep against the Royals. Watch live on Sportsnet or SN NOW with coverage starting at 1:30 p.m. ET / 10:30 a.m. PT.

MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-bo-bichette-returns-to-starting-lineup-at-dh-against-royals/ 
 ----- 
