We are using cookies on this website to develop a first-class experience for you. Learn more
Ok
HOME
ALLIANCE
SERVICES 
EVENTS 
ABOUT US
LOGIN
NEWS
GALLERY
PREVIOUS
CAREERS
CONTACT
Allegiant Stadium Super Bowl ‘waves’ boost
Article posted by Coliseum, February 6th, 2024


Share this article:
 

Image: Mortenson Construction

T-Mobile US boosted the 5G coverage and capacity at the Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada set to host the National Football League’s (NFL’s) Super Bowl, delivering a 10-fold increase in peak download data rates.

‘MOBILE WORLD LIVE’ stated that the operator stated the upgrades at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada delivered download data rates of up to 1.2 GB/s and peak upload of 200Mb/s.

The T-Mobile US, Inc., often shortened as T-Mo, is an American wireless network operator headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, US. Its largest shareholder is the multinational telecommunications company Deutsche Telekom AG, which, as of April 2023, holds a 51.4 percent majority stake in the company.

LOGIN

The 65,000-capacity Allegiant Stadium is a domed multipurpose stadium located in Paradise, Nevada (US), Southwest of adjacent Las Vegas. Opened in 2020, it is the home field of the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas Rebels college football team.

New York (US)-based the National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league that consists of 32 teams, divided equally between the American Football Conference and the National Football Conference.

The Super Bowl is the annual league championship game of the National Football League (NFL) of the United States. It has served as the final game of every NFL season since 1966, replacing the NFL Championship Game. Since 2022, the game is played on the second Sunday in February.

The Super Bowl LVIII is the upcoming American football championship game of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2023 season. The game is scheduled to be played on February 11th, 2024, at the Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada (US). A rematch of Super Bowl LIV, it will be played between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion San Francisco 49ers and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion and defending Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs.

The 2024 Coliseum Summit US will be held at the GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, from June 5th-6th, home of the defending Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs.

‘MOBILE WORLD LIVE’ further stated that T-Mobile installed 62 5G distributed antenna system (DAS) inside the stadium, three of which cover the sports field, with seven separately deployed outdoors.

A distributed antenna system (DAS) is a network of spatially separated antenna nodes connected to a common source via a transport medium that provides wireless service within a geographic area or structure. The DAS antenna elevations are generally at or below the clutter level, and node installations are compact.

There were also enhancements to its mmWave service inside the stadium and out.

T-Mobile is also preparing temporary network upgrades in various locations for the sports event, which is scheduled to take place on February 11th.

Continue to follow Coliseum for latest updates on venues business news. Coliseum is dedicated towards building the best global community of sports and entertainment venue executives and professionals creating better and more profitable venues.

Become a member of the only Global Sports Venue Alliance and connect with stadiums, arenas and experts from around the world. Apply for membership at coliseum-online.com/alliance and make use of the 365Coliseum Business.

WATCH 380 MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE VIDEOS WITH VALUABLE TIPS FOR YOUR VENUE



Tags »
5G
Allegiant Stadium
Super Bowl

« Previous News: Real Madrid tech-savvy sleeve statement
» Next News: Picturesque Pacaembu Stadium prized deal


Related News
2028 Super Bowl at event destination Atlanta
Allegiant Stadium Super Bowl ‘waves’ boost
Why the NFL cannot get enough of Las Vegas?
Allegiant Stadium ‘Green’ energy feat



» GO BACK TO MAIN NEWS PAGE » ALL NEWS

Advertisement
‘The Colossus’ close-quarter Box seats

More renovation plans are in store for the Marcelo A. Bielsa Stadium in Rosario,... » Read more

Exquisite Eden Park to gyrate to gigs

New Zealand could see more leading artistes coming its way next year as the Eden Park in Auckland,... » Read more

Advertisement
Brighton boss paint ‘bright’ picture for club

Fabian Hürzeler, the boss of the Premier League team Brighton & Hove Albion, is in favor of... » Read more

Finish line for Dutch Grand Prix in 2026

Organisers of the Dutch Grand Prix have said that the Zandvoort Circuit will host its final Formula... » Read more

Sumo wrestling bout at Royal Albert Hall

London’s Royal Albert Hall will host the Grand Sumo Tournament for the second time next year. The... » Read more

Advertisement
Our News tags


'Espai Barca'
‘A’s’
‘Back to Live!’
‘Ball Arena’
‘Bud Light Beer Garden’
‘Field of Dreams’
‘Get in touch’-service
‘Go Safe’
‘Great Build’
‘Green’ energy
‘Green’ Olympics
‘My All’ Campaign
‘Pro Event’
‘Sbloccastadi’
‘sex doll’ incident
‘Share The Passion’
‘stadium’ competition
‘The Arena’
‘The Block’
‘The Cathedral’
‘The Krewe’s Nest’
‘The Sage’
‘The Sky Blues’
‘The Sunday Times’
‘The Swamp’
‘TRILOGY’
(NFT)-ticketed
#AlarmstufeRot
$CITY
1. FC Cologne

SHOW MORE TAGS
News archive
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
September 2024
August 2024
July 2024
June 2024
May 2024
April 2024
March 2024
DISPLAY ALL NEWS ARCHIVE


More News
‘The Colossus’ close-quarter Box seats
Published: December 13th, 2024

More renovation plans are in store for the Marcelo A. Bielsa Stadium in Rosario,... » Read more

Exquisite Eden Park to gyrate to gigs
Published: December 13th, 2024

New Zealand could see more leading artistes coming its way next year as the Eden Park in Auckland,... » Read more

Brighton boss paint ‘bright’ picture for club
Published: December 13th, 2024

Fabian Hürzeler, the boss of the Premier League team Brighton & Hove Albion, is in favor of... » Read more

Finish line for Dutch Grand Prix in 2026
Published: December 13th, 2024

Organisers of the Dutch Grand Prix have said that the Zandvoort Circuit will host its final Formula... » Read more



Upcoming Coliseum Summits



Coliseum Summit
EUROPE 2025

REGISTER

Coliseum Summit
MENA 2025

REGISTER

Coliseum Summit
US 2025

REGISTER

Coliseum Summit
ASIA 2025

REGISTER

Coliseum Summit
LATAM 2025

REGISTER
Receive global sports venue NEWS
twice a week in your inbox


CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE




Get in touch with Coliseum, write to us


Name(Required)
First
Last
Company(Required)
Job title(Required)
Email address(Required)
Phone(Required)
Inquire about(Required)
 Membership Coliseum, Global Sports Venue Alliance
 Coliseum Summit EUROPE
 Coliseum Summit US
 Coliseum Summit ASIA
 Coliseum Summit MENA
 Coliseum Summit LATAM
Message(Required)
Consent
 I agree to receive newsletter updates from Coliseum. If you have any questions or concerns about how we use your data, please have a look at our privacy policy.
CAPTCHA

365Coliseum Business Center
News
Summits
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policies
#ColiseumSummit
 +971 4 351 6281

Stay connected with us:
     
© 2025 Coliseum Global Sports Venue Alliance FZ-LLZ. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.coliseum-online.com/allegiant-stadium-super-bowl-waves-boost/ 
 ----- 
