Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
O's call up slugging OF Kjerstad, MLB's No. 24 overall prospect
Share
O's call up slugging OF Kjerstad, MLB's No. 24 overall prospect
September 14th, 2023

Jake Rill

@JakeDRill
Share

0:01

0:43

BALTIMORE -- The journey from the University of Arkansas to the Major Leagues wasn’t as linear as Heston Kjerstad had hoped or expected. He couldn’t have anticipated missing the first year of his pro baseball career due to myocarditis (an inflammation of the heart muscle).

But on Thursday, Kjerstad finally arrived in The Show.

The Orioles recalled Kjerstad -- the club’s No. 3 prospect and MLB Pipeline’s No. 24 overall prospect -- from Triple-A Norfolk ahead of the opener of their pivotal four-game American League East series vs. the Rays. The 24-year-old slugging outfielder/first baseman wasn’t in Thursday’s lineup -- he struck out as a pinch-hitter in the eighth inning of the 4-3 loss -- but he should bring some offensive pop for the stretch run.

Kjerstad’s promotion came less than 24 hours after Baltimore first baseman Ryan Mountcastle exited Wednesday’s loss to the Cardinals with left shoulder discomfort (which, it turns out, is not expected to send him to the injured list). Still, Kjerstad was pulled early from Triple-A Norfolk’s game as a precaution, and afterward, he found out from Tides manager Buck Britton that he was being called up to the Majors for the first time.

Kjerstad immediately went out to his truck and called his parents, Dave and Jody, as a wave of emotions came over the Amarillo, Texas, native.

“You’re experiencing them all,” said Kjerstad, the No. 2 overall pick in the 2020 MLB Draft. “Honestly, stoked, excited, relieved. It’s something you’ve worked for paying off and getting to go chase your dream.”

After missing all of the 2021 season (myocarditis) and the early part of the ‘22 campaign (when he was sidelined with a left hamstring strain), Kjerstad made up for lost time by raking everywhere he went. Last year, he was named Arizona Fall League MVP, posting a .357/.385/.622 slash line with five homers and 17 RBIs in 22 games.

Related
Former top prospect Kjerstad activated by Orioles

September 15th, 2024

7 injured O's who could impact stretch run

August 31st, 2024

6 former prospects who are breaking out

July 20th, 2024

Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

January 10th, 2025

This year, Kjerstad stood out in big league Spring Training (.381/.409/.810 with four homers and nine RBIs in 23 games). At that point, he had never played above High-A Aberdeen. Then, he impressed at both Double-A Bowie (.310/.384/.576 with 11 homers and 23 RBIs in 46 games) and Triple-A Norfolk (.298/.371/.498 with 10 homers and 32 RBIs in 76 games).

“Heston’s had a really nice year in Triple-A. It’s been fun to watch him from afar,” manager Brandon Hyde said. “What he did in Spring Training, I was so impressed with how the ball came off his bat and the power that he showed and the ability to hit.”

Kjerstad is far from the first top prospect to arrive in Baltimore over the past two seasons. Catcher Adley Rutschman and infielder Gunnar Henderson reached the Majors last year. Right-hander Grayson Rodriguez, infielder Jordan Westburg and outfielder Colton Cowser have all been called up for the first time in 2023.

The Orioles have a roster loaded with talent, so playing time could be a bit scarce for Kjerstad over the final 2 1/2 weeks of the regular season. Hyde indicated he mostly plans to use Kjerstad as a pinch-hitter off the bench, although he could get some starts in the corner outfield or at designated hitter. He’ll only be an emergency option at first base.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

However Kjerstad is utilized, his bat can make a big impact. Left-hander DL Hall knows that well, as he was consistently awed by Kjerstad’s batting practice sessions when the two were together in Norfolk earlier in the season.

“The ball just comes off his bat a little bit different than other guys,” Hall said. “It’s pretty incredible. He’s got crazy power. So I’m excited to see him hit a few balls to Eutaw Street.”

That’s Kjerstad’s goal, too. It’s one that he kept in his mind as he went through adversity early during his time in the Orioles’ organization and overcame obstacles he never previously thought imaginable.

“I had to persevere through it, but that’s part of being an athlete and just a part of life. You’ve got to keep going,” Kjerstad said. “Stay focused on the end goal. Minor setback, major comeback.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Heston Kjerstad
Baltimore Orioles

Jake Rill covers the Orioles for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/heston-kjerstad-called-up-to-orioles 
 ----- 
