Live Now

216
HJS CRI '25: Paarl Gim v Noordheuwel

Advertisement

Ton-up Stubbs and Williams lead SA to victory in 2nd ODI
Cricket04 October 2024 18:42| © MWP
By:Neil Manthorp
Share

Tristan Stubbs smashed a fabulous century and Kyle Verreynne contributed an impressive half century before Lizaad Williams led an inspired bowling performance to deliver victory for South Africa by 174 runs in the second one-day international against Ireland at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.

A strong top-order performance saw South Africa pile up a total of 343 for four after choosing to bat first and Williams’ 3-36 from five overs was the major contributor to Ireland’s demise to just 169 all out in reply with top scores of 28 from number eleven Craig Young and No 9 Gavin Hoey.

Williams claimed three of the first four wickets while Lungi Ngidi (2-38) bowled captain Paul Stirling with a beauty to leave the ‘home’ side floundering on 44 for four and they never recovered with further wickets for Andile Phehlukwayo (1-13), Wiaan Mulder (1-36) and Ottneil Baartman who returned the remarkable analysis of 4-0-8-1.

An extraordinary 10th wicket stand of 52 between bowlers Hume (21) and Craig Young (29) delayed the inevitable but was barely sufficient to restore pride for the Irish, although it was highly entertaining.

Verreynne replaced the injured Tony de Zorzi in the top order with captain Temba Bavuma moving from No 3 to opener and took his chance with an accomplished 67 from 64 balls while Stubbs was in glorious form during his maiden international hundred finishing unbeaten on 112 from 81 deliveries with eight fours and three sixes.

Ryan Rickelton (40 from 39 balls) and Bavuma added 61 in the Power Play before the captain injured his wrist diving into his crease to complete a second run and was forced to retire hurt on 35 from 39 balls with four fours and a six.

The openers both hit seamer Craig Young for six in the 10th over with 17 runs accruing to turn a modest Power Play into a good one, Rickelton driving over long off while Bavuma used his feet and flicked handsomely over the midwicket boundary.

A sharp return catch from allrounder Curtis Campher ended Rickelton’s innings but Rassie van der Dussen continued the steady progress with 35 from 39 balls (3x4) before dragging a long hop from legspinner Gavin Hoey onto his leg stump.

Verreynne charged down the wicket to offspinner Andy McBrine (10-0-43-1) but the ball slid straight on and into the gloves of Stephen Doheny who completed a simple stumping.

SHOT OF THE INNINGS

Stubbs played the shot of the innings against Hoey with a punched six over extra cover off the back foot and charged towards his century with a third maximum pulled over midwicket against South African-born seamer Graham Hume.

In ferocious heat and humidity Stubbs briefly appeared to lose his rhythm towards the end of the innings but overcame some skilled death bowling to charge past his previous career-best of 79 to complete his first international century from just 75 balls with a four and single off seamer Mark Adair in the 48th over.

Mulder accelerated in impressive style after a cautious start to finish with 43 from 34 balls (3x4, 1x6) before holing out to long on but by then Irish heads had dropped and a winning score had been secured.

Ireland named an unchanged XI from the first match which South Africa won by 139 runs at the same venue on Wednesday. The third game will also be played at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium on Monday.

Ireland: Paul Stirling (captain), Andy Balbirnie, Curtis Campher, Harry Tector, Stephen Doheny (wkt), George Dockrell, Andy McBrine, Mark Adair, Craig Young, Graham Hume, Gavin Hoey.

South Africa: Ryan Rickelton, Temba Bavuma (captain), Rassie van der Dussen, Kyle Verreynne (wkt), Tristan Stubbs, Wiaan Mulder, Andile Phehlukwayo, Bjorn Fortuin, Lizaad Williams, Lungi Ngidi, Ottneil Baartman.

Advertisement

Related
Stirling leads Ireland to victory in third ODI
Cricket
3 months ago
Bavuma ruled out of third ODI against Ireland, Mulder returns home
Cricket
3 months ago
Proteas defeat Ireland in first ODI
Cricket
3 months ago
Matches
2nd ODI
Ireland
169
(30.3 ov)
South Africa
343/4
(50 ov)
South Africa won by 174 runs

Advertisement

Ireland beat SA by 10-runs in second T20I to level series
Cricket
3 months ago
Rickelton, Reeza star as Proteas beat Ireland
Cricket
3 months ago

The MultiChoice Group and its partners use cookies to help deliver services and for advertising purposes. By using this site you agree to this. You can change your cookie settings by clicking on Manage Cookies in the footer of the page. For more information, see ourPrivacy Policy

Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://supersport.com/cricket/ireland-v-south-africa-202425/news/d7c74298-4e69-4834-b2a7-facdf8042b4e/ton-up-stubbs-and-williams-lead-sa-to-victory-in-2nd-odi 
 ----- 
