BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Welsh Rugby
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
Wales
All Teams
Error-strewn Wales edged out by Italy at WXV2
Media caption,

WXV2: Wales face second loss of WXV against Italy

Ceri Coleman-Phillips
BBC Sport Wales
Published
3 October 2024
11 Comments
Updated 4 October 2024

Wales (5)

Try: Bluck

Italy (5) 8

Try: Giordano Pen: Rigoni

Italy held out for victory against Wales in a frenetic WXV2 finale as Ioan Cunningham's side threw away the chance to break Italian hearts with the last play of the game.

With Italy leading 8-5 in Cape Town, Wales looked destined to clinch it from a five-metre scrum, but a lack of composure when it mattered saw Keira Bevan held up over the line.

Elisa Giordano and Hannah Bluck had exchanged first-half tries, before Beatrice Rigoni kicked what proved to be the winning penalty early in the second half.

Wales remain bottom of the WXV2 table after last weekend’s opening defeat by Australia and will look to salvage a result against Japan next Friday.

Wales had all the early possession in the sunshine at Athlone Stadium, but the common theme of 2024 continued as they were unable to convert pressure into points.

Italy, in contrast, threatened with their first attack of the game.

A kick over the top by Emma Stevanin eluded full-back Jasmine Joyce, but the final ball to Vittoria Minuzzi was judged to be forward in what proved a let off for Wales.

Italy kept their momentum and Minuzzi looked certain to be in on the opposite wing, only for Joyce to put in a try-saving tackle.

But the Welsh defenders were slow to reset and missed tackles allowed the skipper Giordano to crash over from close range.

Wales continued to squander chances in the Italian half, with Lleucu George being forced to kick as their lateral attack was easily defended.

But Cunningham's side kept slugging away and edged their way closer to the tryline, with Bethan Lewis and Gwenllian Pyrs both coming close.

Wales showed good patience before Bevan decided to put the ball through the hands to give Bluck an easy run-in.

It was nothing less than the centre deserved after being a late call-up to replace Kerin Lake.

A Bevan turnover got Wales off to a positive start after the break, setting up a line-out which Alex Callender took up close to the line, but a knock-on saw a try-scoring opportunity go begging.

Sisilia Tuipulotu was introduced early on having overcome visa delays which saw her miss the first game against Australia, and her impact was felt immediately at scrum time.

Joyce continued to look for space in the back-field but found herself isolated and conceded a turnover, which gifted Rigoni a straightforward penalty.

Momentum then swung back and forth with unforced errors coming from both sides.

Wales had the chance to win the game as they piled on the pressure in the final 10 minutes.

With points on offer to seal the draw, George kicked to touch, but Wales’ driving line-out was well marshalled by the Azzurre.

Wales found themselves with a five-metre scrum with the clock in the red and despite looking comfortable trucking it up through the forwards, Bevan tried a desperate snipe and was wrapped up by the grateful Italian defence.

Wales head coach Ioan Cunningham said: "It's very disappointing but our players fought hard right to the end and we had a chance to steal it at the end.

"But we can't dwell on it because we have a short turnaround to Japan next week so we have to focus on that.

"We have to rest up to be fresh physically but also have clarity in our game plan.

"It's all about accuracy. We are creating so many opportunities and had a lot of territory and possession, especially in the first half, but we have to be more clinical."

Line-ups

Wales: Jasmine Joyce; Carys Cox, Hannah Jones (capt), Hannah Bluck, Nel Metcalfe; Lleucu George, Keira Bevan; Gwenllian Pyrs, Carys Phillips, Donna Rose, Natalia John, Georgia Evans, Alisha Butchers, Alex Callender, Bethan Lewis.

Replacements: Molly Reardon, Maisie Davies, Sisilia Tuipulotu, Alaw Pyrs, Kate Williams, Sian Jones, Kayleigh Powell, Courtney Keight.

Italy: Vittoria Ostuni Minuzzi; ⁠Aura Muzzo, Michela Sillari, Beatrice Rigoni, ⁠Francesca Granzotto; ⁠Emma Stevanin, ⁠Sofia Stefan, Silvia Turani, Vittoria Vecchini, ⁠Sara Seye, Valeria Fedrighi, Giordana Duca, Sara Tounesi, Francesca Sgorbini, ⁠Elisa Giordano (capt).

Replacements: Laura Gurioli, Emanuela Stecca, ⁠⁠Vittoria Zanette, ⁠⁠Alessandra Frangipani, ⁠⁠Alissa Ranuccini, ⁠⁠Beatrice Veronese, ⁠⁠Sara Mannini, Beatrice Capomaggi.

Officials

Referee: Ella Goldsmith (RA)

Assistants: Amelia Luciano (USA), host union appt

TMO: Aaron Paterson (NZR)

FPRO: Chris Assmus (RC)

Related topics
Welsh Rugby
Rugby Union
View comments | 11
Top stories
LIVE
. 

Lopetegui latest, EFL Cup build-up and transfer news

Fantasy holes with lava fields - it's golf for the 21st Century

Published
4 hours ago

Belgian GP agrees new F1 rotational deal until 2031

Published
3 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

Paddy’s loaf-changing experience inside the bread factory

Paddy McGuinness visits the factory he used to work in to find out how they bake 1.4 million loaves a week

Dara Ó Briain and Isy Suttie discover strange-but-true tales

The pair are joined by astronaut Helen Sharman to learn about how humans learned to survive in space

A round-up of 2024's top sports stories. Video
A round-up of 2024's top sports stories

Jason Manford hosts, with Maisie Adam and Jon Richardson as team captains

How Claressa Shields became a boxing legend

The story of how Claressa Shields overcame obstacles to reach the top of the boxing game

Elsewhere in Sport

Fantasy holes with lava fields - it's golf for the 21st Century

How the man who signed Henry, Bale and Suarez is reshaping Toulouse

How the role of a goalkeeper changed

Can Djokovic win record 25th Grand Slam aged 37?

As Hamilton turns 40, how well do you know seven-time champion?

'Epic moment!' - 355lb Pierce interception tops NFL best plays. Video
'Epic moment!' - 355lb Pierce interception tops NFL best plays

The Man Utd legend almost broken by Barcelona

Kohli, youngsters & Bumrah - talking points from Australia's win over India

Clough - the man who made Forest European champions twice

How 'impressive' Man Utd caused problems on Liverpool's right side. Video
How 'impressive' Man Utd caused problems on Liverpool's right side

Australia beat India to claim series victory. Video
Australia beat India to claim series victory

Teenage kicks - what makes history-making Littler so good?

Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2025

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/rugby-union/articles/c70wjwkjwpro 
 ----- 
