skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketCanada vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: CAN beat IRE by 12 runs in New York
Canada vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: CAN beat IRE by 12 runs in New York
Canada vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier, Camoes from Nicholas Kirton and Shreyas Movva have taken Canada to 137/7 in the first innings before Ireland skipper Paul Stirling won the toss and opted to bat first against Saad Bin Zafar's Canada
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 8, 2024 00:46 IST
Follow Us
Canada players celebrate their victory by 12 runs over Ireland at an ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York, Friday, June 7, 2024. (AP/PTI)

Canada vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Jeremy Gordon and Dilon Heliger helped Canada to beat Ireland by 12 runs in the T20 World Cup 2024 at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York.

Earlier, Camoes from Nicholas Kirton and Shreyas Movva have taken Canada to 137/7 in the first innings before Ireland skipper Paul Stirling won the toss and opted to bat first against Saad Bin Zafar’s Canada.

Ireland have now lost both their games in Group A and Canada have won one and lost one against the USA earlier in the tournament

Follow highlights from Canada vs Ireland match below:

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 13
Canada
137/7 (20.0)
vs
Ireland
125/7 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 13 )
Canada beat Ireland by 12 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Canada vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch all the action from the CAN vs IRE match at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York.
23:31 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: CAN beat IRE by 12 runs in New York

That's it brilliant final over from Gordan has sealed the deal for Canada. Ireland though for a brief moment in the final overs seemed like were in the game but it came a little too late for them. Once Adair went it was only one-way traffic. Congratulations to Canada for the brilliant performance. They played an excellent game of cricket throughout the 40 overs and won the game rightly so. There are a lot of things to ponder upon for Ireland it feels like an end of a cycle for them with the players they have in the team right now.

23:25 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs IRE 110/6

This game is turning into a humdinger Ireland has made a comeback in the last 10 minutes or so. Dockrell and Adair have been whacking the ball all around the park and there is a clear momentum shift. This is where Canada needs to hold their nerve keep executing their skills and stick to their plans. As per Ireland, they can feel Canada is feeling the pressure and they need to keep doing what they have been doing so far in this partnership.

23:07 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16 overs IRE 88/6

Dockrell and Adair have stayed in the middle for a while now. Not that they are getting the innings to move on but they have stopped the fall of wickets. Also, they have started to play a few more shots in the last couple of overs. The thing with these low chases is the game's balance can tilt after a couple of big overs and that is what Ireland would be hoping to happen. They have pulled 15 plus run over of Junaid if they can get another over similarly the next one it will put pressure on Canada.

22:57 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14 overs IRE 69/6

Heyliger is in the middle of a brilliant spell here. He picked Delany. Once again hard length and the batter ended up in no man's land with his feet moment and cut it for the keeper to take the catch. This has been a poor effort from Ireland. They are more experienced of the sides in this game but Canada had shown a lot more character with their play. It has been similar to what happened yesterday but Pakistan has had the skills to bring the game close despite the body language and desperation. 

22:47 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12 overs IRE 57/5

Heyliger comes in bowls back of length Ireland batter Campher tries to pull one and gets the top edge and Johnson at fine-leg on the boundary takes an excellent catch. Ireland apart from that opening stand has kept losing wickets throughout this innings. There seems to be no understanding or planning of this chase from them on how to go about it and the tempo they want to maintain. It has been another poor outing from Irish batters today after the India game.

22:40 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs IRE 50/4

Right at the stroke of the of drinks break Ireland lost another wicket. It looks like they have now gone into panic mode and suddenly are trying to manufacture a few more shots and steal that extra single which has cost them. Tucker trying to get the second which was not there got himself run out. Now it is looking far-fetched for Ireland they need to go at eights in over with six wickets in hand. Given the boundary dimensions and nature of the surface, they will need a blinder off an innings from someone. 

22:28 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs IRE 43/3

Junaid comes in and picks Balbirine. Two quick wickets for Ireland after a sedate Powerplay. As we update skipper Zafar picks Tector. The batter could not read the ball which angled in and turned slightly to hit the off-stump. Ireland has now lost their premium batter. They need to build a partnership in the immediate short term. This is what tends to happen when the openers start a little too cautiously as once there are a couple of soft dismissals the game turns upside down in favour of the opposition.

22:18 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6 overs IRE 31/1

Paul Stirling's misery comes to an end. It has been an identical dismissal to the way it happened against India. He tried a few shots of the front foot and back foot and nothing was working and came down the track and flicked towards the leg-side which he tried and got the leading edge with the keeper taking a simple catch. This is an excellent start from Canada they are chipping away with tight overs. Ireland needs to break the shackles with a couple of big overs after Powerplay.

22:08 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.5 overs IRE 20/0

One noticeable thing is though there is not too much spice in the pitch it is not easy to play the shots either. Both Stirling and Balbirne are playing their shots but are unable to find the gaps. Also, the Canada bowlers are hitting the right lengths. Initially, they pitched a few up but they immediately realized it was not the surface to do so and pulled their length back. On a positive note for Ireland, they have all their wickets intact and they can pick and choose their moment on when they want to accelerate. 

21:58 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.1 overs IRE 11/0

Kaleem has taken the new ball for Canada and it was a lengthy over. He too looked to pitch the ball up and to see if there was anything available for him but there was not. The moisture that was present in the morning has dried up this is where teams have to learn and adapt to bowling in first and second innings are two different things. Canada bowlers have struggled with discipline even in their previous game and they need to be careful of it today.

21:51 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kirton during innings break

Pitch was a bit up and down but the ball was coming through okay. I think we have a defendable total. No, I would've liked to finish the innings (happy with his performance?). Before innings started we spoke about getting to 130-140 and anything else would be a bonus.

21:41 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: CAN 137/7 (20 overs) vs IRE in New York

Well, the innings come to an end and Canada has got themselves to 137/7. Will this be enough we have to wait and see if the pitch has definitely improved and Kirton with Movva has batted fabulously in the middle overs to get where they are. Also, it has been an indifferent bowling performance from Ireland. We will be right back with the second innings stay with us for all the action.

21:34 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs CAN 128/6

That is top-class 18th over from McCarthy. Unlike the other seamers,, he stuck with bowling it into the pitch and reaped rewards by picking a couple of wickets. This is still a decent total but Canada wants to get 140-mark just to have that physiological advantage.

21:28 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs CAN 126/4

This partnership has now gone past the 70-run mark. Somewhere after the fourth wicket of Bajwa fell Ireland has lost their script with the ball. This partnership is also an indication that if you are willing to spend time in the middle things will happen and runscoring will get easier. Kirton especially has been in fabulous form throughout this tournament showing once again his mettle. Yes, he was helped by some indifferent bowling but the innings under composure has been first-class.

21:17 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16 overs CAN 110/4

Young after starting his spell is struggling at the moment. He is trying to bowl fuller ones and slower ones which is not required whatsoever as the surface is still doing enough if the hard length is being hit. This is the highest score on this ground already. Terrific work from the curator and groundsmen on how quickly they have reacted to the shortcomings on this pitch and sorted out in two days time or so. It is not perfect yet but it is better.

21:06 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.2 overs CAN 84/4

Movva and Kirton are batting well here. This has been an excellent partnership with the duo. Not only they are rotating the strike nicely seems like they have got the measure of the pitch and are taking a few more chances. One interesting thing was Young when bowled one short the ball is still climbing onto the bat which meant there is still something on offer if the bowlers are willing to bend their back. 

20:57 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.3 overs CAN 71/4

We are resuming after the drinks break. The game is at an interesting point right now. Canada with the situation they are in can go and make around 120 scores which might be tricky for Ireland to chase in the second innings. On the contrary, if Ireland can pick a wicket here Canada might collapse and end up not getting to that 100-run mark. One more interesting thing has been though there is not much of a turn available the dimensions of the ground are making it difficult to hir Delany. 

20:47 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9.3 overs CAN 60/4

Delany comes into the attack and that is the first sign of a spinner we have seen in the game. He picked the wicket of Bajwa on the very first ball. The batter tried to push the ball back which looped in the air for the bowler to take a simple catch. They have been losing wickets continuously here in Canada. They need a partnership here to resurrect the innings. As of now, it has been Ireland who though have not played well are ahead in this game. 

20:38 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7.3 overs CAN 44/3

Pargat Singh tried to square drive in the air and was caught by a third man. It's another nothing shot and an easy picking for Ireland. It has been more the discipline of Young getting the wickets than pitch misbehaving. If Canada batters can apply themselves and take this game to the 16th over without losing much of wickets they can target and get the 140-run mark which will be more than competitive. Also, Ireland does not have any frontline spinners, which will be an interesting dynamic in the game.

20:27 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.3 overs CAN 37/2

Another one falls. It is Johnson this time who tried to play a pull and got caught by ate fine leg. It has been more mistakes from Canada that are bringing in breakthroughs than pitch misbehaving or Ireland bowling well. As an experienced nation and a team which has played a game here already this has been a poor effort from Ireland. While the intention was to bowl and hit the hard length has been right the execution from the bowlers has not been there. 

20:16 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.2 overs CAN 14/1

Navneet is the first scalp. He tried to cut the ball and it seemed like it was stuck a bit on the pitch and he hit it straight to the point fielder. First wicket for Ireland. It is a bit of a lucky wicket because Ireland is trying to do too many things with the new ball here instead of sticking to the basics. Little especially in his opening over was looking to get the magic delivery and missed his mark a few times. Need to the basics right here the Irish bowlers. 

20:06 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.1 overs CAN 6/0

First over Mark Adair took the new ball for Ireland. The pitch is not as much as it was in the last two games which is a good sign. Adair who looked to pitch the ball up against India was clever today and pulled his length back and was hoping the surface to misbehave thankfully which did not happen. It will be interesting to see how Canada will approach this batting innings here after seeing how the first two games have gone at this venue. 

20:00 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go

The sun is shining bright. Though it is an important game in itself all eyes will be on the India-Pakistan game and how the pitch will play today. It is going to be the acid test for the curators and ground staff here in New York. 

19:49 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch report

Lot of rain overnight so the outfield will be slow. 63m and 72m square boundaries. Lot of talk about this pitch and it definitely has changed a lot. They’ve taken out the grass and rolled it a lot. It looks a lot lighter. Still expect to see some bounce and movement off the seam. Overhead conditions mean there might also be some movement in the air. Will be important for batters to take the ball on if it’s in their areas. Still think the captain winning the toss will want to bowl first. 120 could still be a tough target” say Shaun Pollock and Dale Steyn.

19:40 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: CAN playing XI

Aaron Johnson, Navneet Dhaliwal, Pargat Singh, Nicholas Kirton, Shreyas Movva(w), Dilpreet Bajwa, Saad Bin Zafar(c), Dillon Heyliger, Kaleem Sana, Junaid Siddiqui, Jeremy Gordon

19:40 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: IRE playing XI

Andrew Balbirnie, Paul Stirling(c), Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little, Craig Young

19:37 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Saad Bin Zafar at toss

Would've bowled first as well. If we can put decent runs on the board, will not be easy to change. It's always good to see an associate country to beat a full member country. Hopefully what USA did to Pakistan, we can do to Ireland. If you play your A game on the day, you can beat anyone. One change - Nikhil Dutta goes out, Junaid Siddiqui comes in.

19:36 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Paul Stirling at toss

We're going to bowl first today. It's must win from here on. It's changed a lot since two days ago (talking about pitch). Looks like maybe there will be slightly less lateral movement. Has to be communication between keeper and bowler in the first couple of overs (about how the pitch is playing). White goes out. We've taken an extra seamer for the spinner.

19:22 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: How important Windies winning World Cup

It is extremely important as it would be a huge boost to our cricket system and the entire region. The reaction of our fans and the Caribbean people on the back of the Test win at the Gabba was unbelievable and we saw how that resonated across the region. If we can lift a record third title then it will have a huge impact, not just on Cricket West Indies but the whole Caribbean. The new ICC economic model also has a performance component that determines how much funding you receive, so if we perform well in ICC events it will be a potential boost to our income in the next cycle of the ICC rights distribution.

19:14 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI CEO Johnny Grave on big three hosting most trophies part 2

The other important factor in hosting benefits is the capital investment that our governments have put into the national stadiums. It shows the importance of hosting World Cups in improving facilities. Barbados alone has spent 50 Million Barbados dollars which is 25 Million US Dollars. That kind of economic impact or injection of capital into our facilities is huge and simply would not happen without a World Cup. If you were to benchmark our cricket system on a global basis, then the West Indies cricket system’s facilities would be the one key area where we fall short of the highest global standards. The fact that we’ve had six of our national stadiums and some other grounds in those six host countries undergo serious investment and renovation, probably for the first time since 2007.

19:04 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI CEO Johnny Grave on big three hosting most trophies

I think that’s one of the most important parts of the overall global picture. The last eight years has seen all the big men’s events be hosted by just the three top nations. This current cycle sees ICC men’s events go to most of the top cricketing nations in the world; West Indies are hosting now with the USA co-hosting, Pakistan then have the Champions Trophy, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be co-hosting with India, New Zealand with Australia, South Africa with Zimbabwe and Namibia and then also Ireland and Scotland with England as well. What that means is that the money generated by host boards is going to be shared by far more members than in the previous eight-year cycle. The money used to be retained by the biggest three who already have a huge economic advantage from their domestic markets with the money they receive from their host broadcasters.

18:56 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI CEO Johnny Grave on game timings

I think everyone accepts that the vast majority of revenues for all ICC events comes from one market. Therefore it is really important that we find a balance between starting matches at prime time in India and for home fans. We have half the matches early for Star Sports and then we have gone as late as possible so they will start early in the morning in India, so they should still get a decent viewership.

We as hosts can focus on the local fans attending the evening games and the 10:30 morning games will allow us to get school kids to watch some World Cup cricket for free.

18:46 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Navneet Dhaliwal, Canada batter, on his take on the pitch

"This wicket is a bit, kind of, what you can say, a tricky one. So you cannot play some of the T20 shots. So you have to play conventional cricket. And what I see, it's playing on the up, it's a little bit more difficult than Dallas."

18:34 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Heinrich Malan, Ireland Coach, on the uncertainty offered by the pitch at the Nassau County Cricket Ground

"It's tough to adjust when you don't know what you have to adjust to."

18:24 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Ireland predicted XI

Paul Stirling (c), Andy Balbirnie, Lorcan Tucker, Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Josh Little, Ben White

18:14 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Canada predicted XI

Aaron Johnson, Navneet Dhaliwal, Pargat Singh, Nicholas Kirton, Shreyas Movva (wk), Dilpreet Bajwa, Saad Bin Zafar (c), Dilon Heyliger, Rishiv Joshi, Kaleem Sana, Jeremy Gordon

18:04 (IST)
07 JUN 2024
Canada vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog between Canada and Ireland from New York. There has been plenty of debate about the New York pitch in the last 24 hours and it will be interesting to see how it is going to behave today. While Ireland are favourite Canada is a team to watch out as well.

Poor pitches, due to bad planning and organisation, may end up further alienating USA from cricket

Unusual protagonists have entered a T20 narrative; pitch, uneven bounce, seam, swing, fast bowlers, rib cage. It is as though India and Pakistan are resuming their Test ties in New York this Sunday, when they meet in the showpiece game of the World Cup. Only that the arch rivals are locked in peculiar circumstances, something the T20 world has seldom come across.

At the heart of the intrigue are the drop-in pitches that have been far from ideal for a T20 game or a tournament that is seen as cricket’s grand pitch to enter the US market. Largely untested because of the delay in laying them – thanks to the organisational ineptitude of the ICC and USA cricket board – they have been dangerously unpredictable so far. In the India vs Ireland game on Wednesday, at the same venue, India skipper Rohit Sharma and Rishabh Pant suffered blows on the body because of balls taking off from a good length. Earlier in the same game, a delivery from new-ball bowler Arshdeep Singh had skidded all along the surface. (READ MORE)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 07-06-2024 at 17:59 IST
TAGS:
Canada
Cricket Live Score
Ireland
Live Score
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
World Cup Live Score
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Bag With Jewellery Worth Rs 15 Lakh Stolen From Delhi’s Karol Bagh Metro Station; 2 Arrested
PM Narendra Modi Congratulates Diljit Dosanjh On Success Of Dil-Luminati Tour: ‘You Are Winning Everyone’s Hearts’
As Winter Deepens, IMD Issues Cold Wave, Dense Fog Alerts Across North India
Chandigarh Resident Held For ‘Committing Illegal Activities At De-Addiction Centres’
JEE Main 2025 January Session Exam Schedule Out, Check Paper 1, 2 Dates Here
Magnus Carlsen On Allegations Against Him: ‘Not Trying To Influence FIDE… Was A Bad Joke Given Gravity Of Situation’
Chandigarh Extends LOI To Kolkata Firm, Gives Time To Deposit Money Till January 21
Man Killed In Central Delhi’s Bapa Nagar By Minor Tenants, Their Friend; All Apprehended
An Aspiring Nurse, Football Star, Single Mother And Father Of 2 Killed In New Orleans Attack
Sukhu Relinquishes Power Subsidy, Urges Well-Off Consumers To Follow Suit
Baby John Box Office Collection Day 8: Varun Dhawan-Starrer Kicked Out Of Theatres, Loses 2500 Shows In A Week
Question Mark Over Rohit’s Place In Side: Gambhir Says Decision To Be Made ‘After A Look At Pitch’
Drug De-Addiction Centre In GMSH-16 To Reopen This Year
Pushpa 2 Worldwide Box Office Collection Day 28: Allu Arjun-Starrer Becomes The Second-Biggest Indian Grosser Of All Time, Beats Baahubali 2’S Rs 1788 Cr Record
Sugar Bowl CFP Quarterfinal Between Georgia And Notre Dame Postponed After Deadly Truck Attack
Union Min’s Statement A Jolt To Punjab Govt’s Efforts To Bring Farmers, Centre Talks On Table
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/canada-vs-ireland-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-13-today-can-vs-ire-latest-scorecard-updates-9377461/ 
 ----- 
