CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Cricket
Canada stun Ireland for first T20 World Cup win

Published: 07 Jun 2024 - 10:57 pm | Last Updated: 07 Jun 2024 - 11:01 pm

Dilpreet Bajwa, Shreyas Movva and Saad Bin Zafar of Canada celebrate after the team's victory during the ICC Men's T20 Cricket World Cup West Indies & USA 2024 match between Canada and Ireland at Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on June 7, 2024 in New York, New York. (Photo by Robert Cianflone/Getty Images/AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AFP

New York: Canada won their first-ever Twenty20 World Cup match with a stunning 12-run victory against Ireland in New York on Friday.

Defending a target of just 138, the non-Test nation bowled and fielded expertly to hold Ireland to 125-7 from their full 20 overs.

From 26-0, Ireland lost six wickets for 33 runs as they slumped to 59-6, with Andrew Balbirnie (17) and Lorcan Tucker (10) the only top-order batsmen to reach double figures.

George Dockrell (30 not out) and Mark Adair (34) revived Irish hopes during a partnership of 62 in seven overs.

The seventh-wicket duo reduced the target to 17 off the last six balls.

Read Also
United States beat Pakistan in T20 World Cup Super Over

But Canada paceman Jeremy Gordon held his nerve superbly, conceding just three runs and dismissing Adair with the second ball of the 20th over off a skyed caught and bowled chance.

The 37-year-old Guyana-born Gordon finished with fine figures of 2-16 from his maximum four overs as Canada, the lowest-ranked team in the tournament, enjoyed their best day in international cricket since defeating Bangladesh at the 2003 50-over World Cup.

Victory meant Canada bounced back from an opening defeat by fellow non-Test nation the United States, with the co-hosts then blowing Group A wide open thanks to a superb Super Over win against Pakistan in Dallas on Thursday.

But Ireland's second successive loss at the tournament, following an eight-wicket defeat by India, left them facing an early exit.

Canada themselves slumped to 53-4 on Friday after losing the toss before a key stand of 75 in 10 overs between Barbados-born left-hander Nicholas Kirton (49) and Shreyas Movva (37) helped take them to a total of 137-7.

Pitches at the specially built ground in Long Island have been criticised for their uneven bounce but Friday's strip was notably more placid.

The biggest issue for batsmen was a slow outfield that denied them full value for their shots -- still a worry ahead of Sunday's showpiece match at the venue between arch-rivals India and Pakistan.

'Strength to strength'

Kirton, however, still hit 16 off one Craig Young over, a return helped by two straight sixes, before his 35-ball innings ended when he gloved Barry McCarthy to short fine leg.

"It wasn't so bad, bar the middle of the wicket, a pretty good wicket to bat on to be honest," said Kirton, the player of the match.

The 26-year-old added: "The partnership (with Movva) was very important, it got us over the line.

"It's very good to get our first win in the World Cup, hopefully we can continue from strength to strength. Out next focus is Pakistan, have a rest day tomorrow (Saturday) and get back in the nets."

For an Ireland side more used to causing shocks at International Cricket Council (ICC) events than being on the receiving end, it was a bitter reversal of fortune.

"We were off in all three facets (batting, bowling and fielding) today and that wasn't good enough," said Ireland captain Paul Stirling.

"Hopefully we can show a better game when we go to Miami next week (to play the USA)."
 

Tennis
Navarro stunned by wildcard as Djokovic-Kyrgios doubles run ends
Osaka has to 'scrap a little' for season-opening win in Auckland
Djokovic plans to keep playing for 'years to come'
New mum Bencic wins first tour-level match since 2023 US Open
Rally
Al Attiyah eyes sixth crown as stage set for 47th Dakar Rally
Qatar International Baja: Al Attiyah and Moreno snatch lead with Prologue success
Qatar's Al Kuwari crowned MERC champion; Al Attiyah secures Cyprus Rally title
Qatar’s Al Kuwari on pole for maiden MERC title as series reaches showdown in Cyprus

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Lusail welcomes 300,000 visitors for New Year’s Eve celebrations
Qatar’s hosting of events in 2025 strengthens regional economy
Guinness World Records title set: ‘Qatar ArtBeat’ earns global recognition for Qatar National Day artwork
‘Qatar emerges as a leading tourism destination’
Bahrain shatter Kuwait’s hopes; Oman shock Saudi Arabia to reach Arabian Gulf Cup final
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Yotam Ottolenghi’s miso butter pasta is all about comfort
Qatar International Falcons and Hunting Festival (Marmi 2025) kicks off
Al Rayyan Municipality launches afforestation initiative for outdoor spaces using solar-powered irrigation systems
World media praises Qatar's New Year’s Eve celebrations in Lusail
Doha Today
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (January 2-4, 2025)
Zulal Wellness Resort By Chiva-Som marks a remarkable year of awards in 2024
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/07/06/2024/canada-stun-ireland-for-first-t20-world-cup-win 
 ----- 
