Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
New York Yankees
Former Yankees pitcher David Wells goes on rant against "woke" culture and says "everyone should carry a gun"

Wells was participating in the New York Yankees' Old-Timers' Day.

David Wells at the Yankees' Old-Timers' Day.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
09/09/2023 - 19:14 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Ronald Acuña Jr. clubs grand slam to become first player in MLB history with 30 home runs and 60 stolen bases in a season
MLB. Julio Urias placed on administrative leave while MLB investigates second domestic violence incident

The New York Yankees held their annual "Old-Timers' Day" on Saturday, this time celebrating the 1998 team that won 114 games and lifted the World Series Trophy.

Among those invited was pitcher David Wells, who went 18-4 with a 3.49 ERA and 163 strikeouts during that 1998 season. Wells made initial waves at the event by covering the Nike swoosh on his Yankees jersey, and he explained why he made that decision.

"I hate Nike. They're woke. We're in a different world. It sucks. That's why everyone should carry a gun."

Wells also said he would never drink Bud Light again, following the company's partnership with a transgender influencer.

With the Yankees in the midst of a disappointing season, Wells was asked about the current team's performance. He used the platform to essentially call out teams for being too soft with players in today's MLB.

If you're not doing the job out on the field, and if I was a GM, I would start sending a message. I don't care who it was... send that son of a gun to Triple-A or Double-A and send him a wake-up call. They did it to me. They did it to a lot of us back in the day. I don't care how much money you're making. Send a message to them and let them go sit down there and think about it. I think now they coddle them too much. They baby them.

David Wells calls out players for being softBryan Hoch / Twitter
MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Wells finished up his everlasting rant against the way things are done nowadays with a parting shot towards analytics, citing the changes like the pitch clock that have been implemented to make baseball more appealing to casual viewers.

This is analytics. They tell (players) certain things. To me, personally, it's ruining the game because these guys don't have free will to be themselves and go out there and find their own identity. Because they're having an identity brought to them. There's a game plan. Our game plan was go out there and win, how are we going to do it? The best nine guys are going to play.

It wouldn't be surprising if Wells isn't invited to the next public Yankees event.

MLB - English
New York Yankees - English
New York YankeesGiancarlo Stanton slams 400th career home run in Yankees win over the Tigers
Los Angeles DodgersWhat will happen to Julio Urias after his arrest for domestic violence?
Los Angeles DodgersDodgers pitcher Julio Urias arrested when he was set to watch Messi take on LAFC
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/new-york-yankees/2023/09/10/64fd09a1ca4741fa498b4586.html 
 ----- 
