Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl Commercials
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Kayla Nicole
Vikings vs Rams
Deion Sanders
CFP National Championship 2025
College Football Playoff Bracket
Notre Dame
Marcus Freeman
JJ Redick
Pete Alonso Mets
Serena Williams husband
Donald Trump
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Horoscope Today
Latest News
401k contribution limits 2025
Medicaid double coverage
EITC Payment maximum
100 VA Disability 2025
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
Philadelphia 76ers
Joel Embiid in Hot Water: NBA investigates alleged locker room clash with reporter

Initial reports suggest the altercation was caused by a report on the player's family.

Joel Embiid found himself in new trouble when he got into a fight with a reporter.LAPRESSE
LW
02/11/2024 - 23:28 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Philadelphia 76ers. 76ers are under fire as NBA investigates why Joel Embiid is missing the season opener
Philadelphia 76ers. Is Joel Embiid's Sixers return imminent? He wants to be 100% ready

Philadelphia 76ers superstar Joel Embiid is making headlines-and not for his on-court dominance. The 2023 MVP center allegedly got into a locker-room altercation with a reporter following the 76ers' 124-107 home loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night.

Embiid, who has yet to play this season due to a lingering knee injury, reportedly shoved the columnist in frustration over a recent article that touched on sensitive topics, including Embiid's young son and his late brother, Arthur.

The incident has left the NBA on high alert, with league spokespersons confirming an immediate investigation. According to Shams Charania of ESPN, Embiid took issue with the writer's coverage, leading to the tense exchange.

Charania tweeted that, although no punches were thrown, Embiid did push the reporter, reportedly venting over the column's references to personal family matters, including the tragic death of his brother in a car crash in Cameroon 10 years ago.

The last thing Embiid needs is more problems

This controversy comes at a challenging time for Embiid and the 76ers. Already missing all preseason games and the first five of the regular season due to injury, Embiid's absence has left the team struggling to find their footing.

The franchise faces a rocky start with a 1-4 record, falling well short of expectations despite a solid performance from Tyrese Maxey, who led the scoring in Saturday's game with 23 points.

Notably, Embiid isn't the only big-name player the Sixers are without. Paul George, the nine-time All-Star forward, has also been sidelined with a knee injury, further complicating Philadelphia's season start and leaving a massive $100.6 million in player salaries on the bench.

Embiid could miss even more games
MORE in MARCA
Deion Sander...
Marca
Who is Amy...
Marca

While Embiid has spoken out against fans speculating that his absence is part of a "load management" plan, the team's lackluster defense and struggles have raised concerns about their playoff viability.

The NBA's investigation will now determine what penalties, if any, Embiid could face. For the embattled star, this season's off-court drama only adds to the pressures of returning to full health and living up to his MVP form.

NBA - English
Philadelphia 76ers - English
Joel Embiid - English
New York KnicksAngel Reese and Sunisa Lee pay tribute to Karl-Anthony Towns' girlfriend for her bold fashion choices
Los Angeles LakersLeBron slams Embiid's weak stance on skipping games
Los Angeles LakersLeBron James' shocking performance fuels retirement speculation: Is Father Time catching up with the King?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Today's horoscope for Friday, Janua...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Get started today!
Interactive Brokers
Nevada Say Goodb ye to High Auto...
Financebuzz
Go The Extra Miles
YETI
Seniors in Las Vegas: Big Debt...
Finance Advisors
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/philadelphia-76ers/2024/11/03/6726f93946163f1d368b4572.html 
 ----- 
