Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
EURO 2024
Euro 2024: Group C Preview and Predictions
JUN 6, 2024
DAVID SEGAR / AUTHOR, MATT SISNEROS / DESIGN
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

With the start of Euro 2024 just round the corner, we ask the Opta supercomputer for its Group C predictions for England, Denmark, Serbia and Slovenia. Who will qualify for the last 16? 

It’s the start of another major international tournament, which can only mean one thing. It’s time to look at England – who have won just one major men’s trophy in their history – and predict football to finally ‘come home’. 

Gareth Southgate’s men do indeed come into Euro 2024 as favourites, partly due to impressive recent performances in tournaments and also the sheer volume of attacking talent the Three Lions have at their disposal. 

They must overcome a group containing Euro 2020 semi-finalists Denmark, perennial ‘dark horses’ Serbia and a Slovenia team who produced their best-ever qualifying performance to get to Germany. 

We look at the Opta supercomputer’s predictor numbers to see how Group C is likely to play out.   

Euro 2024 Group C Predictions: The Quick Stats
England are overwhelming favourites to reach the last 16, doing so in 95.4% of pre-tournament simulations.
Denmark are the likeliest team to join them at 69.2%, though Serbia (56.2%) and Slovenia (42.1%) can’t be discounted. 
The Three Lions are the favourites to win the whole tournament (19.9%), which would be their first ever European Championship success.   

Will it be 11th-time lucky for England in Germany, with this their 11th men’s European Championship participation. No team has played as many games in the tournament (38) without ever winning it. 

Of course, they came close three years ago, losing to Italy on penalties at Wembley in the final. Penalty shootouts excluded, England have lost only one of their last 18 games at the European Championship (W10 D7), which was their shock exit against Iceland in the round of 16 of the 2016 edition under Roy Hodgson (2-1). 

They made light work of their qualifying group, finishing six points ahead of Italy in second place. It was the eighth consecutive qualifying group for a major tournament in which England have finished in first place, since failing to qualify for Euro 2008 after finishing third in their group. 

Captain Harry Kane will likely be crucial to any chances the Three Lions have. The Bayern Munich striker was involved in 10 goals during qualifying (8 goals, 2 assists), scoring or assisting in all seven of his starts. Indeed, Kane has been directly involved in at least one goal in his last 16 starts in Euros qualifiers (20 goals, 8 assists). 

No European player has scored more goals than Kane across the last three major international tournaments, 12 in total (6 at the 2018 World Cup, 4 at Euro 2020, and 2 at the 2022 World Cup). The only other player to match that tally is France’s Kylian Mbappé. 

England start their campaign against Serbia on 16 June – and we recently predicted Gareth Southgate’s starting XI for that game. In the Opta supercomputer’s 10,000 pre-tournament simulations, they advanced to the last 16 in a massive 95.4% of them, while England went on to win the whole thing 19.9% of the time, more than any other country.

Can they finally win their first major men’s tournament since 1966? 

Denmark will be one of the many teams looking to stop them, while also wanting to avenge their 2-1 loss to England in the semis of Euro 2020. 

Since winning the Euros in 1992, Denmark have reached the knockout stage of the tournament on only two occasions: the quarter-finals in 2004 and the semi-finals in 2020. They are given a healthy 69.2% chance of doing so for a third time, though, and kick things off in Stuttgart against Slovenia on 16 June. 

Kasper Hjulmand’s men topped their qualifying group with 22 points, winning all five home games.  

After a mixed debut season for Manchester United, Rasmus Højlund will be eager to shine. He scored seven goals in qualifying, more than any other teammate, and also recorded the most shots (23), shots on target (13) and highest xG (5.2) of any Danish player. His hat-trick against Finland in March made him the youngest (20 years, 47 days) treble scorer for Denmark in a Euros qualifier since a 19-year-old Michael Laudrup in 1983 against Luxembourg. 

There should be excitement as Denmark’s 33 matches at European Championships have produced on average 2.79 goals (42 for, 50 against), the highest ratio of the 12 teams to have played more than 20 matches in the competition. 

For Serbia, this will be their first participation at a European Championship as an independent nation, having competed as Yugoslavia and FR Yugoslavia in five previous editions. 

Serbia had no trouble finding the net in qualifying, being the only nation in Group G to score in all eight games (15 goals in total). Across qualifying for both the 2022 World Cup and Euro 2024, Serbia have scored in their last 22 matches (excluding play-offs) since losing 5-0 to Ukraine in June 2019. 

It may not be a surprise to learn that they are a threat in the air, with five of their 15 qualifying goals coming from headers, 33% being the highest ratio of teams that made it to Germany. With a strike pairing of Aleksandar Mitrovic and Dusan Vlahovic, defences will quite literally need to be on their toes. 

They will have some experience to call on, too. Manager Dragan Stojkovic has made the most appearances of any Serbian player at European Championships, playing seven times across the 1984 and 2000 tournaments for Yugoslavia, scoring once. He is both the youngest (19y 102d) and oldest (35y 114d) player to have appeared at the Euros for Serbia (as Yugoslavia/FRY) and the fourth-youngest player to score in the competition (19y 108d). 

Serbia have been handed a 56.2% chance of making it to the knockout stage. 

Slovenia are the outsiders of Group C, but that’s not to say they will be a pushover for anybody. 

They have never won a European Championship match, with their only previous participation coming at Euro 2000 when they drew two and lost one in the group stage, including a 3-3 draw with FR Yugoslavia. 

Slovenia impressed in qualifying, winning seven games and 22 points, both records for them in a major tournament qualifying campaign. They finished second in Group H behind Denmark on goal difference. 

Twenty-year-old striker Benjamin Sesko will be their likely dangerman, scoring five goals and assisting two more in nine qualifying appearances, the most goals and assists combined of any Slovenian player. The RB Leipzig talent recently became the youngest player to score in seven consecutive Bundesliga matches in the competition’s history, beating the previous record of Rudi Völler. 

Matjaz Kek’s men make it to the last 16 in 42.1% of the supercomputer’s simulations. 

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
EURO 2024
Eight Euro 2024 Stars Who Might Have Earned a Summer Transfer
6 MONTHS AGO ALI TWEEDALE
EURO 2024
Potter, Howe, Carsley… Klopp? Who Should Be the Next England Manager?
6 MONTHS AGO DAVID SEGAR
EURO 2024
Gareth Southgate Brought England Eight Years of Hope, but It’s Time for Change
6 MONTHS AGO RYAN BENSON
STAT, VIZ, QUIZ
Euro 2024: Spain the Champions, England’s xG Problem, and Final Questions
6 MONTHS AGO DAVID SEGAR
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2024 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/06/euro-2024-group-c-preview-predictions 
 ----- 
