Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
MLB
Juan Soto would push Pete Alonso to the Yankees if he signs for the Mets, predicts former NFL star

Norman Julius "Boomer" Esiason believes that the New York teams would end up in an indirect trade between these free agency figures.

OLIVIA PARKER
Actualizado 10/11/2024 - 10:15 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. The Mets must decide between Juan Soto and Pete Alonso, but having both depends on Steve Cohen's boldness
MLB. The Mets are willing to go 'all in' to land Juan Soto and steal him from the Yankees

Major League Baseball free agency began hot with big stars available on the market, with Dominican Juan Soto at the top of the list, and other sought-after players on the list, accompanied by pitcher Corbin Burnes and the recent addition of Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki.

Names such as Blake Snell, Willy Adames, Alex Bregman and Pete Alonso are also on the table. It is the latter who stars in a new 'novel' between the two New York teams, after the interest of the Mets to convince Juan Soto. Former NFL star Norman Julius Esiason predicts that Alonso's destination would be with the Yankees, according to a report by Essentially Sports.

Juan Soto says Yankees don't have edge as he heads into free agency: Available to all 30 teamsLAPRESSE

"He's going to be a Yankee. If Juan Soto is in right field for the Mets, Pete Alonso is at first base for the Yankees. I assure you," predicted 'Boomer' Esiason, a former quarterback who played 14 seasons in the NFL and mainly shone for the Cincinnati Bengals.

Money is no problem for the Mets

While Boomer's prediction might make sense, for the New York Mets, money is not a problem, as they have billionaire Steve Cohen with the largest bank account among all MLB team owners, so it would not be unusual for him to be able to convince Juan Soto and also make a proposal to Alonso, who according to an article by Danny Abriano of SNY, could accept a $125 million deal for five years.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

However, the Yankees know that with the possibility of losing Juan Soto, they could focus their investment on strengthening other areas, and this is where Boomer reinforces his prediction of Pete Alonso, who could form a package along with other top free agents, such as third baseman Alex Bregman and right fielder Anthony Santander.

"You have three players playing in three positions... and you could have two players in the lineup hitting 50 home runs. And all of a sudden, Pete Alonso has protection. I know he's not a contact hitter, but you have three home run hitters one after the other," Boomer said of a strategy the Yankees could follow.

Juan Soto - English
New York Mets - English
New York Yankees - English
MLB - English
MLBThe Mets must decide between Juan Soto and Pete Alonso, but having both depends on Steve Cohen's boldness
New York YankeesThe Yankees downplay the Mets' millions and are confident of competing for Juan Soto
MLBThe Mets are willing to go 'all in' to land Juan Soto and steal him from the Yankees
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
South Carolina Say Goodbye to High...
Financebuzz
No Credit Card Interest Until 202...
NerdWallet
What if WW1 had caused another ...
Historical Strategy Game
5 Best virtual phon e systems (VoIP)
traveltrendstoday
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/new-york-yankees/2024/11/10/6730d96122601d706d8b4589.html 
 ----- 
