Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Colorado Rockies' Brendan Rodgers Rejoins Lineup After Nursing Hamstring Injury
Second baseman Brendan Rodgers missed the Colorado Rockies' last three games with left hamstring tightness, but he is back in the starting lineup for Friday's showdown with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Sam Connon | Sep 27, 2024
Sep 22, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Colorado Rockies second baseman Brendan Rodgers (7) hits an RBI single during the first inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
In this story:
Colorado Rockies

Colorado Rockies second baseman Brendan Rodgers is making his return on Friday, according to manager Bud Black's official lineup card.

Rodgers missed Colorado's last three games – the entirety of their home series against the St. Louis Cardinals – with left hamstring tightness. He had previously missed a game on Sept. 14 due to right hamstring tightness, which also cost him a start on Sept. 15.

Heading into the final weekend of the regular season, Rodgers has been cleared to rejoin the lineup. He will start at second and bat sixth against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday.

Rodgers spent two weeks on the injured list in June with a mild left hamstring strain, but has otherwise been a mainstay for the Rockies in 2024. His 134 appearances this year have been a vast improvement on the 46 games he played in 2023, when he underwent shoulder surgery in Spring Training and didn't make his season debut until July 31.

So far this season, Rodgers is batting .267 with 13 home runs, 54 RBI, a .718 OPS and a 1.0 WAR. Most of that production has come after his dreadful start to the season, as he is hitting .278 with all 13 of his home runs and 51 of his RBI since April 23.

The 2022 Gold Glove winner has a 0.0 defensive WAR, though, in addition to -4 defensive runs saved.

Rodgers returning to action for the Rockies bumps Aaron Schunk back to the bench.

Here is the full lineup Colorado will be trotting out for their series opener against Los Angeles:

1. Charlie Blackmon, DH
2. Ezequiel Tovar, SS
3. Ryan McMahon, 3B
4. Brenton Doyle, CF
5. Michael Toglia, 1B
6. Brendan Rodgers, 1B
7. Nolan Jones, LF
8. Jacob Stallings, C
9. Jake Cave, RF
SP: Cal Quantrill, RHP

First pitch from Coors Field is scheduled for 8:10 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 27, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
Injuries
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/injuries/colorado-rockies-second-baseman-brendan-rodgers-rejoins-starting-lineup-vs-los-angeles-dodgers-after-nursing-hamstring-injury-missing-3-games-01j8tg9kp7nr 
 ----- 
