Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIES
For Rockies fans and No. 19 himself, Charlie Blackmon’s “Your Love” walk-up song became an indefatigable Coors Field anthem
The song, released five months before Blackmon was born in 1986, has been his walk-up since Georgia Tech
Colorado Rockies DH Charlie Blackmon (19) walks up to the plate as St. Louis Cardinals DH Iván Herrera (48) prepares in the first inning at Coors Field in Denver Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024. (Photo by Andy Cross/The Denver Post)
By KYLE NEWMAN | knewman@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 27, 2024 at 4:18 PM MST

Oscar Gandarilla called his son out of school Thursday in Rawlins, Wyo., and the father-son duo made the trek south to Coors Field — all to hear snippets of a single song one last time.

Yes, the 36-year-old Denver native wanted to get a final in-person glimpse of his favorite Rockies player, Charlie Blackmon — the bearded, hard-nosed, sweet-swinging left-hander who’s called Coors Field home for 14 seasons.

But it was more than that as Blackmon, 38, was set to retire on Sunday. Gandarilla wanted affirmation that “Josie’s on a vacation far away.” He needed to hear his fellow fans belt, “You know I like my girls a little bit older.” And as he and his son drove down I-25, bumping and crooning “Your Love” on repeat, there was only one word on his mind.

“We drove three-and-a-half hours for one last time to yell ‘Toniiiiight!’” Gandarilla admitted with a laugh. “We know how important Charlie is to the Rockies nation, but we also know how special that moment is when he walks up to the plate.

“… Coors Field will definitely feel different without that walk-up. So we’re going to sing it very loud today because we just want to capture this feeling a few more times.”

For the last 14 years, “Your Love” — a classic pop-rock track by the English band The Outfield — hasn’t just been Blackmon’s walk-up song. It’s become a Coors Field anthem that will be forever ingrained within the culture of LoDo baseball.

Colorado Rockies’ Charlie Blackmon follows the flight of his RBI triple off St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Michael McGreevy in the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

The song, released five months before Blackmon was born in 1986, has been intertwined with Chuck Nazty since his days at Georgia Tech. He began using it there in 2008 when he broke out as a hitter after washing out as a pitcher. It’s followed him ever since, through the minors and for all 3,445-plus plate appearances at Coors Field.

He’s never thought about changing it.

“I think about baseball, and you know, I get romantic about the game,” Blackmon said. “And I know how important that song is for me and my career. And I think about the interaction. I mean, it’s rare that you see that kind of interaction with a fan base and a player, in a stadium. It’s just an incredible song.

“… I initially chose it because I just really liked the song, and I was super into the 80s (rock), and it was one of those classic songs. I didn’t want to be chasing something new and different and have to update my song every year. I played well at Georgia Tech while using that, so I figured if it ain’t broken, don’t fix it, so I just kept it going. Here we are, still using it.”

And now here Rockies fans are, wondering how different Coors Field will sound when it goes away, even as Blackmon’s teammate and Denver native Kyle Freeland asserts that the song “is going to live in this stadium forever.”

No matter the trials and tribulations of the Rockies — no matter the rare playoff appearances, lack of a division title or Coors Field being consistently overrun by opposing fanbases — “Your Love” remains the ultimate purple-pinstripe vibe.

The handful of seconds it plays each time Blackmon marches into the box is amnesia for the franchise’s bad times and magnification of the good ones. It is the dopamine rush wrapped into a few scintillating, addictive bars.

“It’s something that we have as Rockies fans — it’s ours, no matter what the score is on the field, no matter what our record is or what the standings look like,” said 67-year-old Tracey Dawson of Parker, who attended the club’s inaugural game at Mile High Stadium in 1993 and has witnessed the few highs, and many lows, since. “Visiting fans are not going to sing it, they don’t know its importance, they don’t care. But we do. It’ll always be our moment for the home fans.

“So next year, when it won’t be playing, it’s going to matter.”

It’s not just at Coors Field where the local connection to “Your Love” — a song about a guy wooing a girl over for a one-night stand while his girlfriend, Josie, is out of town — runs deep. Adult themes be damned, kids who love Blackmon’s beard, eyeblack and longballs have an affinity for screaming out toniiiiight. And as walk-up songs cemented themselves into the youth baseball scene, the track’s emerged as a popular walk-up in local Little Leagues and on the tournament circuit.

Just ask the Augustine brothers, a pair of ballplayers from Fort Collins who came out to multiple games this week for Blackmon’s last hurrah. They might be young, but they’re old enough to know the emotional significance of “Your Love.”

“It pumps us up,” Otis, 7, said. “Always.”

“Yeah, and you get to yell out the last word as loud as you can,” added Teddy, 5. “That’s the best part.”

In the Augustine car during summer, Blackmon’s walk-up vibe is omnipresent.

“We get in the car before we go to baseball practice or baseball anything, and they demand to put on ‘Your Love,'” said the boys’ dad, Nick Augustine. “It gets them in the zone.”

MLB mandated shorter walk-up songs in 2023 as part of the league’s pace-of-play measures, cutting the music from 15 seconds down to 10. But that hasn’t put a damper on the widespread impact of Blackmon’s signature track.

Depending on the situation, the song can run longer, but even when it’s at its shortest version — often cutting out the end of the chorus line — the crowd fills in the toniiiiight on their own.

Some Rockies diehards, such as Lakewood’s Christine Bell, prefer the longer walk-up. But no matter how much of the song gets played, the 48-year-old says that as soon as that catchy electric guitar riff starts to blare, she’s all eyes on the batter’s box. Even if that means dashing from a concessions line on the concourse. Even if she’s … in the bathroom.

“As long as my pants are up,” Bell quipped, “I’ll rush out.”

As special as the song is to fans, it’s also deeply personal to Blackmon. And not just because of the bond that it’s formed between him and the Coors Field faithful. The first line of the song lives on in his life, forever, through his oldest child: His and his wife, Ashley’s, 3-year-old daughter. Her birth name is Josettee. But she goes by Josie.

A coincidence, Blackmon insists. Or maybe not.

“We were looking for a name and we wanted something strong, so when she grows up and gets in business or whatever, she would have something strong and recognizable,” Ashley Blackmon explained. “Then we thought, ‘Why don’t we just call her Josie?’  Then I asked Charlie, ‘But do you think it’s a bad name if people think we named her after your song?’

“He said, ‘No, that’s so cool. It makes it special.’”

After Sunday, “Your Love” might never be played again as a walk-up song over the Coors Field speakers. But the Blackmons will always have Josie. Rockies fans will forever hold the memories of the 802 games the song appeared in, and the home runs and hits it preceded. And we all will always have toniiiiight. 

Helen H. Richardson, The Denver Post
Colorado Rockies right fielder Charlie Blackmon talks to his young daughter Josie as he walks around the field with players to end their season at Coors Field on Oct. 1, 2023 in Denver.

Denver Post reporter Patrick Saunders contributed to this report.

Nine more notable Coors Field walk-up and entry songs

Larry Walker – “Crazy Train” by Ozzy Osbourne

Ryan Spilborghs – “Sweet Escape” by Gwen Stefani

Andrés Galarraga – “The Pink Panther Theme” by Henry Mancini

Dante Bichette — “Sledgehammer” by Peter Gabriel

Carlos Estévez – “Wild Thing” by X (entry song)

Trevor Story – “Thief” by Ookay

Vinny Castilla – “El Matador” by Los Fabulosos Cadillacs

Scott Oberg — “Kashmir” by Led Zeppelin (entry song)

Todd Helton — “Springsteen” by Eric Church

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 27, 2024 at 1:50 PM MST
Around the Web
This Ai Trader Outperforms Wall Street: $900 Becomes $40,000 in 28 Days
Best Trader
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Simple Method Ends Tinnitus - Stops Ringing Ears (Watch)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
20 Rare & Forgotten Super Cars of the Past
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Learn More!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Want to Stop Your Nerve Pain? Try This Tonight
Wellness Gaze Nuero
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
15 Worst Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Three Banks in Las Vegas May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Check It Out!
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Discover the Unexpected Triggers of Myelodysplastic Syndrome!
Myeloma I Search Ads
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
10 Foods You Must Avoid if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Knee Pain After the Age of 50? Do This 2 Times a Day (Watch)
Healthier Living Tips
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Surgeon: Toenail Fungus? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Derma
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Spellbound!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Dermatologist Begs Americans to Fight Wrinkles With This Tip (Watch)
WellnessGaze Skin
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
The best postpartum girdles for comfort and support
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
National Western Stock Show kick-off parade delayed for snow
Backcountry skier killed in avalanche in Colorado’s San Juan Mountains
After losing its previous space, comedy club finds new home, fills it with stand-up headliners
Denver Stockyard Saloon, cornerstone of National Western complex, closing its doors
Renck: Broncos’ Bo Nix has finally exorcised demons of John Elway not drafting Josh Allen
CSP walks back claim driver in double-fatal New Year’s Day crash on U.S. 36 fell asleep at the wheel
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
27
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/27/charlie-blackmon-walk-up-song-your-love-the-outfield/ 
 ----- 
