Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Diamondbacks eliminate Dodgers thanks to four-homer barrage in third inning
By Associated Press
Published Oct. 12, 2023, 12:40 a.m. ET
29

PHOENIX — The hard-hitting Arizona Diamondbacks rode a record-setting barrage of solo homers in the third inning to a 4-2 win in Game 3 of the NL Division Series on Wednesday night, sweeping the 100-win Los Angeles Dodgers out of the playoffs.

The D-backs return to the NL Championship Series for the first time since 2007, where they’ll face either the Phillies or Braves.

Arizona — the No. 6 seed after squeezing into the NL playoff bracket with an 84-78 record — has won all five of its games during the postseason, sweeping aside both the Brewers in a best-of-three series and the Dodgers in a best-of-five.

“It was a team effort,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “It’s about people caring about people in this organization, and that’s what stood out to me today.”

The wild-card Diamondbacks won with brawn in this one, slugging a postseason-record four homers in the third off veteran righty Lance Lynn, all solo shots from Geraldo Perdomo, Ketel Marte, Christian Walker and Gabriel Moreno.

5
Geraldo Perdomo celebrates after belting one of the Diamondbacks’ four solo homers in their 4-2 NLDS-clinching Game 3 win over the Dodgers.
Rick D'Elia/UPI/Shutterstock

That gave Arizona a 4-0 lead it wouldn’t relinquish.

“It’s almost unbelievable, right? I’m a fan, too, and I was looking at it thinking, what in the world is happening here?” Lovullo said.

The NL West champion Dodgers rallied for two runs in the seventh on two-out RBI singles from Chris Taylor and Kiké Hernández off side-armer Ryan Thompson, but lefty Andrew Saalfrank entered and retired Austin Barnes on a groundout.

Will Smith had a one-out single in the ninth off closer Paul Sewald, but Chris Taylor hit a flyout to deep center in front of the 413-foot sign Hernandez flied out to left to end it.

5

“You look at the game, the series, they outplayed us, and there’s no other spin to it,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “As far as our clubhouse, it’s just a lot of disappointment.”

Lynn cruised through the first two innings of a scoreless game — giving no indication what was about to come.

Perdomo started the scoring with a leadoff homer, his first long ball since Aug. 13.

One out later, Marte hit a 428-foot drive to right on a 1-0 cutter.

5
Ketel Marte blasts a solo home run in the third inning of the Diamondbacks’ series-clinching win.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

With two outs, Walker pulled a 3-1 cutter to left for a 3-0 lead, drawing another roar from the Chase Field crowd.

Then came No. 4: Moreno sliced a 2-1 fastball down the line to the opposite field that right field umpire Gabe Morales called fair.

But the umpires huddled and crew chief Todd Tichenor reversed the call to foul, a decision upheld by a video review.

Moreno then drove Lynn’s very next pitch — a hanging slider — 420 feet over the left-field wall, flipping his bat high in the air as he started his trot.

5
Christian Walker belts a solo homer in the third inning of the Diamondbacks’ series-clinching win.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

“The one that was really impressive for me was Gabby Moreno. He hits one foul, then he hits one fair. It’s a great moment for us,” Lovullo said.

A few moments later, a dejected Lynn handed the ball to Roberts and trudged toward the dugout.

Lynn gave up 44 homers in the regular season, the most in the majors.

The previous mark of three homers in a postseason inning had been accomplished 12 times, most recently by the Dodgers against Atlanta in 2020.

5
Gabriel Moreno celebrates after hitting a solo homer in the third inning of the Diamondbacks’ series-clinching win.
Rick D'Elia/UPI/Shutterstock

D-backs rookie right-hander Brandon Pfaadt threw 4 1/3 scoreless innings, giving up two hits and striking out two.

While the D-backs thrived, the Dodgers had no answers for a third straight game.

A stacked lineup with a pair of former MVPs — Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman — couldn’t make much of an impact throughout the series.

29

What do you think? Post a comment.

Both All-Stars struck out in the eighth against Kevin Ginkel with a runner on first. Betts finished the series 0 for 11 while Freeman was 1 for 10.

“The bottom line is that they outplayed us in every facet of the game,” Roberts said.

FILED UNDER ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS  LOS ANGELES DODGERS  MLB PLAYOFFS  10/12/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Details Emerge About Murdered CEO Brian Thomson's Personal Life
NYPost.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Teen Behind Slender Man Stabbing To Be Released From Facility
Oxygen.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
The Long, Long List Of Celebs Who Can't Stand Kamala Harris
NickiSwift.com
Kamala Harris' Bizarre Marriage Couldn't Be More Strange
NickiSwift.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/10/12/diamondbacks-eliminate-dodgers-thanks-to-four-homer-barrage/ 
 ----- 
