Skip to content
33°
Atlanta, GA
News
Watch Live
First Alert Weather
Stream ANF+
Jimmy Carter
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
3 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Michael Harris II hits 2 homers and Braves rout Nationals 12-0 despite López’s early exit
Atlanta Braves center fielder Michael Harris II (23) watches his two-run home run in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Wednesday, June 7, 2023, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)(John Bazemore | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 11, 2024 at 3:39 AM UTC

(AP) - Michael Harris II hit two of Atlanta’s four home runs and the Braves had 15 hits in a 12-0 rout of the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night, despite losing starter Reynaldo López to a shoulder injury after one inning.

López left with right shoulder tightness after throwing 25 pitches, 16 for strikes. His fastball velocity — usually 96 mph — was down to the 89-94 mph range. He and three relievers limited the Nationals — losers of seven of their last 10 games — to three hits. López will undergo an MRI Wednesday.

“We are getting him looked at and we’ll determine something tomorrow,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “He’s checking out OK. I talked to him. I just saw the velocities were not good, and then when I talked to him after and kind of made him fess up and he wanted to keep going. But when he stepped on it he didn’t feel great.”

López said he was surprised.

“To be honest I really didn’t know what was happening,” he said via an interpreter. “I felt like that first pitch went out and I thought it was 95 mph and it I took up and it was 89 mph. So that took me by surprise. That was just something I wasn’t expecting. I was definitely relieved when everything came back normal and good. I think it is right we are just being overly cautious.”

It was the fourth multi-homer game of Harris’ career. Sean Murphy hit a two-run shot and Orlando Arcia had solo homer one night after the Braves mustered only a pair singles by Matt Olson in a 1-0 loss to the Cincinnati Reds.

Atlanta hit three doubles in the four-run third, then added three runs in the next frame to chase Nationals left-handed starter MacKenzie Gore and pull even with the Mets for the final NL wild card.

Ramón Laureano and Murphy each had two hits and three RBIs. Olson added two singles and a double, his third multi-hit game in his last four.

“I think we just got into a rhythm pretty quick in the third inning,” Laureano said. “We didn’t look back. It was a pretty smooth game after that.”

With two outs in the bottom of the first, López hit Nationals designated hitter Andrés Chaparro with a pitch. The right-hander was checked by Braves medical staff, but stayed in to finish the inning with a called third strike to José Tena.

“It was little frustrating, especially just given the circumstances,” López said. “The position the team is in, every game counts. We are fighting for every victory out there. So whenever a start of a game I want to go out there and finish it. Not being able to do that was frustrating.”

López had tossed at least six innings this past three starts and has been mainstay in the Braves rotation for 24 starts after signing a three-year free agent deal from the White Sox.

Right-hander Jesse Chavez (2-2) came on for López and held the Nationals to one hit, striking out three.

Gore (8-12) lasted 3 2/3 innings, surrendering seven runs, but just two earned runs, with six hits, three walks, three strikeouts, one hit by pitch and one wild pitch.

“I just didn’t execute like I have been,” Gore said. “And when you see teams for a fourth time, execution is extremely important.”

Chaparro stole second base in the first inning to become the 23rd Nationals player with a stolen base this season, matching the 1917 Pittsburgh Pirates. It was Chaparro’s first major league stolen base.

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

LIVE UPDATES: State of emergency declared ahead of winter storm
Georgia landlords must provide working heat
Bloedsuikerhelper
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Biden to deliver prime-time farewell to nation on Wednesday from Oval...
Expert tips to tackle holiday debt
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaar de.
Kia
|
Sponsored
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onverslaan bare prijs
Nissan Qashqai
|
Sponsored
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen d...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Onverkochte koelkasten wegg egeven voor bijna niets. Beki...
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probe er deze truc van 5 seconden...
GlucoSerenity
|
Sponsored
Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find Out Now)
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Windenergie besser als Elektri sche Energie? 
Door samenwerkingen en CO₂-reduct ie-initiatieven speelt Eneco een leid...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kope...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van gratis autoverze...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Latest News
 Former Georgia quarterback Carson Beck says he has committed to Miami for 2025 season
 Vikings-Rams playoff game moved to Arizona due to devastating wildfires in Los Angeles
 Georgia quarterback Carson Beck to enter transfer portal, according to CBS Sports
Fontenot answers big questions as season comes to a close
 Atlanta Dream hire new assistant coaches
Bryce Young accounts for 5 TDs as Panthers beat Falcons 44-38 in OT. Atlanta misses playoffs again
 Georgia head coach Kirby Smart’s father dies, school says
Penix, Falcons have to beat Panthers and hope for help in their last chance to end playoff drought
Home
News
First Alert Weather
First Alert Traffic
Sports
Submit Your Photos
Community Calendar
Our Apps
Sign up for Atlanta News First Newsletters
Podcasts
TV Schedule
Contact Us
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
WANF
425 14th St. NW
Atlanta, GA 30318
(404) 325-4646
Public Inspection File
FCC Public File Help
FCC Applications
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
EEO Report
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
programming@wanf.com - 404-325-4646
Advertising
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.atlantanewsfirst.com/2024/09/11/michael-harris-ii-hits-2-homers-braves-rout-nationals-12-0-despite-lpezs-early-exit/ 
 ----- 
