Skip to content
Latest News
Menu
HOME
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
MLB
GOLF
SOCCER
MORE
Buzz Killington
October 10, 2024
4:14 pm

Tee Higgins, the other Bengals wide receiver that gets almost no spotlight due to his very talented counterpart Ja’Marr Chase, has just come off of injury and is looking to make a very big impact for fantasy owners. Those in need of replacing a hurt player or looking to beef up a wide receiver position, take heed. The next 600+ word article will help you sort out if Tee Higgins is the right player to go after for your team.

Tee Higgins’s Future In Fantasy
Oct 6, 2024; Cincinnati, Ohio, USA; Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Tee Higgins (5) runs after making a catch during the second half against the Baltimore Ravens at Paycor Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Joseph Maiorana-Imagn Images

Tee Higgins, the 6-4 219lbs 25-year-old is coming off a hamstring issue injury that delayed his start to the 2024 season. But since returning in Week 3, Tee Higgins has seen a steady increase in targets, yards, and most importantly fantasy points. Tee Higgins is the ideal candidate who is sought after in fantasy leagues. The reason is that on most teams he would be considered the number one guy, but with elite Wide Reciever Ja’Marr Chase as your counterpart, number two is what you get.

What that means for fantasy is less coverage and a lion’s share of targets when WR 1 is being covered. The downside, or trade-off can be a lack of red zone targets, but as last week shows Tee Higgins gets his fair share of those as well. The Cincinnati Bengals are off to a rough year but are playing far better than the record shows. It might be a bold statement but to maintain fantasy relevance for the rest of the year for all Bengals players, a win is needed this week against the New York Giants.

Tee Higgins Outlook Past 2024

Tee Higgins has a fairly decent outlook beyond the 2024 season. He has a talented quarterback in Joe Burrow to continue to feed him passes, as well as no super stud at running back to focus mainly on the run game. A big factor that is looming is the contract for Ja’Marr Chase. While Higgins can succeed with or without Chase, it is a humble opinion that Higgins gets a better value and nod when Chase is taking the defense with him, thus freeing up Higgins.

All that to say there is a very positive outlook beyond this season. Age is on Higgins’s side as he is only 25, he has time to still get better if one can believe it. Not only that the Bengals are still poised to be in a Super Bowl window, if the powers that be will let them win a game and get the season back on track.

Tee Higgins Value

There is good value here, but it needs to be at the right price. The time to buy was while he was injured but that’s the past. As of now, Tee Higgins’s stock is rising, if you have him keep him and hold onto him. If you are a manager that lost Nico Collins, or another player to injury, then offers should be made for Higgins as a replacement.

While there is good value, do not sell the farm for Tee Higgins. Fair value would be a 2025 2nd rounder at most, or a McConkey/Leggette and a 2025 4th round pick. These are comparable, or if there is an older WR like Davante Adams, that could be seen as fair value. Go for Higgins, but don’t throw caution to the wind, buy responsibly.

For More Great Content
Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips and sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play.
Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out—explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.
Buzz Killington
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
Alperen Sengun 2024-25 Fantasy Outlook
NEXT
Najee Harris 2024 Dynasty Outlook
Next
More stories from Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Atlanta Falcons vs. Las Vegas Raiders DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
December 16, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Chicago Bears vs. Minnesota Vikings DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
December 16, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Dallas Cowboys vs. Carolina Panthers Start Em, Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
December 15, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Ball  (57)
CFL/UFL  (0)
Devy Leagues  (98)
Esports  (0)
Golf DFS  (0)
IDP  (68)
Misc  (0)
MLB DFS  (1)
MLB Dynasty  (4)
MLB Redraft  (12)
MMA  (0)
NBA DFS  (11)
NBA Redraft  (49)
NCAAB  (0)
NCAAF Best Ball  (0)
NCAAF C2C  (0)
NCAAF DFS  (0)
NCAAF Dynasty  (0)
NCAAF Redraft  (0)
NCCAB  (0)
NFL DFS  (137)
NFL Dynasty  (202)
NFL Redraft  (294)
NHL DFS  (25)
NHL Redraft  (54)
Racing  (0)
Soccer DFS  (6)
Soccer Redraft  (7)
Tennis  (1)
Uncategorized  (5)
WNBA  (0)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports Bets
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Atlanta Falcons vs. Las Vegas Raiders DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
Chicago Bears vs. Minnesota Vikings DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
Dallas Cowboys vs. Carolina Panthers Start Em, Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
Miami Dolphins vs. Houston Texans Start Em’ Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. Los Angeles Chargers DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Menu
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexfantasysports.com/tee-higgins-fantasy-relevant/ 
 ----- 
