Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka shares injury update after Mikel Arteta addresses recovery timeline
EURO 2024
Turkey scores two stunners to knock off debutant Georgia

by Kyle Fansler June 18, 2024

The last day of matchday one at Euro 2024 featured a first, as Georgia made its first appearance at a major international tournament against Turkey.

Turkey is one of the teams that has raging support in Germany. With the two nations heavily connected in terms of their populations, it is no surprise to see so many Turkish supporters. In this game on Tuesday, Turkey turned the Yellow Wall of Borussia Dortmund into a red wall at the Westfalenstadion. In the opening stages of the first half, Turkey rewarded those fans with a great showing.

A period of dominance to open the game transpired, with Turkey coming as close as the inside of the post in the 10th minute via Kaan Ayhan. However, those fans would now have to wait much longer. In the 25th minute, Mert Muldur scored an early contender for the best goal of the tournament. Georgia failed to properly clear a Turkey cross, and Muldur took his volley on the first touch from the edge of the area. The ball curled away from Georgia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili into the top corner.

Pereira on Wolves' 2-0 victory over Manchester United

Two minutes later, Turkey thought it had a two-goal advantage. Kenan Yıldız was on the end of clever play down the right side as he bundled the ball into the Georgia net. Upon VAR review, Yıldız was two toes offside, and the goal did not stand. That kept a rattled Georgia in the game, and the debutants took advantage.

Playing in their first major international tournament, the first goal was always going to be historic for Georgia. Four minutes after Turkey’s disallowed goal, Georges Mikautadze’s snap shot beat Turkey goalkeeper Mert Günok at his near post. After that goal in the 32nd minute, the game was even with a newfound confidence for the Georgians.

Georgia succumbs to Arda Guler worldie as Turkey secures three points

Even with the even nature of the contest, both teams were at the mercy of one piece of brilliance. That came for Turkey in the 65th minute. Loose play at the back from Georgia gave the ball to Real Madrid talent Arda Guler. The 19-year-old picked up the ball and lashed an unreal shot from 24 yards away. The ball flew into the top corner. For the second time this game, Mamardashvili was helpless against a phenomenal strike that topped Turkey’s first goal.

Georgia came close four minutes later. Clever play from Giorgi Kochorashvili forced a real goal-scoring chance. To beat the onrushing Gunok, though, Kochorashvili lifted the ball over the Turkish goalkeeper, but the ball hit the post. Gunok recovered to claim the ball and end Georgia’s chance.

Despite Georgia’s advances, the best chance for the remaining 20 minutes came to Turkey, with Mamardashvili making a key save in the 87th minute to keep Georgia in the game. Georgia should have equalized in the fourth minute of stoppage time. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia’s cross spurted loose to two Georgia players. Both took a whack at the shot, and neither made good contact. The ball went wide, and Turkey breathed a sigh of relief at the close call. Then, in the last minute of the game, two close calls happened for Georgia including a desperate block from Turkey. With the goalkeeper forward, Turkey hit Georgia on the counter-attack as Kerem Aktürkoğlu scored on an empty net.

Turkey picked up three massive points to open Group F play at Euro 2024, while Georgia fell just short in its first major contest in its history. Nothing is decided in this group, though, with Portugal facing the Czech Republic later on Tuesday. On Saturday, June 22, Georgia faces the Czech Republic, while Turkey can go two-for-two against Portugal.

PHOTOS: IMAGO

Euro 2024
Here are some resources to get you ready for Euros!
Euro Bracket: Download a free PDF bracket for the tournament
Euro 2024 Schedule: Full schedule of all games for the 2024 tournament
How to watch: Information on where to find the games on TV and streaming
How to Stream Learn how you can stream Euro games live in 2024
Qualifying: Get the breakdown on how qualifying shook out
Euros on FOX & Fubo: Details on broadcasting rights for the competition
2024 Soccer Calendar: Get the lowdown on what will be a busy year in soccer
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
EURO 2024
EUROPEAN CHAMPIONSHIP
GEORGIA
TURKEY
UEFA EURO 2024
WORLD SOCCER NEWS
LATEST NEWS
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka shares injury update after Mikel Arteta addresses recovery timeline
Real Madrid targets Bournemouth star Dean Huijsen for defensive rebuild
Chelsea reportedly planning three-player swap plus cash for Inter star Lautaro Martinez
Barcelona's dream crushed? How Manchester City’s 115 charges verdict could open door for Real Madrid move
Sergio Ramos not sold on joining Lionel Messi in MLS: The dream destination for the Real Madrid icon revealed
Dani Olmo's Future at Barcelona: Will He Stay or Join Premier League Giants?
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
How to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
The data divide: Why aren't national teams using it as much?
Last summer's European Championships demonstrated something unsophisticated about modern international soccer. Europe's most prolific soccer nations faced off every few days with an abundance of world-class talent on display. Yet the end product often felt somewhat underwhelming. Games involving many of the tournament's favorites felt cluttered, disorganized and rigid compared to the highest quality of […]
UEFA warn Italy: Only one Serie A stadium is Euro 2032-ready
As the countdown to Euro 2032 begins, pressure is mounting on Italy to ensure its stadiums are up to standard so it can co-host the tournament alongside Turkey. Although the event is eight years away, time is ticking for Italian cities and clubs that need to renovate or build new facilities. Only three stadiums are considered ready, with […]
Barcelona build on Spain's Euro 2024 momentum with elite talent
Barcelona will look at Euro 2024 as a major stepping stone years down the road. The Spanish club has hit a dreary spell of seasons over the last five years. The one saving grace for the club has been the youth revolution. Andres Iniesta, Luis Suarez, Sergio Busquets and Lionel Messi are gone, as are […]
No Euro 2024 third-place game: Who gets the bronze medal?
As Euro 2024 in Germany draws to a close, the anticipation builds for the final showdown between Spain and England. As the final approaches, Spain and England prepare to face off in what promises to be a thrilling contest. La Roja secured their place in the final with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over France thanks […]
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/uefa-euro/turkey-scores-two-stunners-to-knock-off-debutant-georgia/ 
 ----- 
