MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Stephen Curry scores 27 points to lead Warriors past Celtics 118-112
Updated Nov. 6, 2024 10:17 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BOSTON (AP) — Stephen Curry scored 27 points, Buddy Hield had 16 and the Golden State Warriors beat the Boston Celtics 118-112 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory.

Andrew Wiggins also added 16 points for Golden State (7-1). Curry played his second straight after missing three with an ankle injury.

Jayson Tatum led Boston (7-2) with 32 points, and Derrick White had 26 with six rebounds.

Warriors coach Steve Kerr was booed by the TD Garden crowd that showed its displeasure over how he used Tatum at the Paris Olympics.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

With Warriors holding a 115-112 lead, Draymond Green hit a free throw with 11 seconds left. Kyle Anderson sealed it with two free throws with 2.4 seconds to play.

Boston forward Jaylen Brown missed his third straight game with a strained left hip flexor. Warriors guard Brandin Podziemski was out with an illness.

Takeaways

Warriors: They fared a lot better than their last trip to Boston, when they were clobbered by 52 points last season. After the Celtics got off to an 11-point lead in the opening minutes, they tightened up defensively, played physical against Tatum and settled in by opening an 11-point halftime edge.

Celtics: Missing star Brown, their usually quick, ball-moving offense looked somewhat stagnant in the opening half. They picked up the pace, freeing up shots for Tatum, who scored 17 points in the third quarter.

Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!
Key moment

With their lead down to 106-104, Curry’s driving layup was partially blocked, but Kevon Looney had a put-back layup. On the other end, Tatum missed before Hield connected on a right-wing 3-pointer, giving Golden State a seven-point edge with 46.3 seconds left.

Key stat

The Warriors scored 52 points in the paint to Boston’s 36.

Up next

The Warriors are at the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night, and the Celtics host the Brooklyn Nets.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
National Basketball Association
Jaylen Brown
Kyle Anderson
Draymond Green
Derrick White
Jayson Tatum
Andrew Wiggins
Buddy Hield
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
Boston Celtics
NBA - Golden State Warriors vs. Boston Celtics - 11/07/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/stephen-curry-scores-27-points-to-lead-warriors-past-celtics-118112 
 ----- 
