Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Deon Hotto scores Namibia’s late winner against Tunisia. Photograph: Luc Gnago/Reuters
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
 This article is more than 11 months old
Afcon review: Namibia’s Hotto stuns Tunisia for first win at finals
This article is more than 11 months old
Namibia win 1-0 thanks to 88th-minute goal
Burkina Faso beat against Mauritania; Mali defeat South Africa
Reuters
Tue 16 Jan 2024 22.27 GMT
Share

Namibia’s Deon Hotto scored in the 88th minute to hand them a shock 1-0 victory against Tunisia at the Africa Cup of Nations on Tuesday and keep up the sequence of surprise results that have dominated the opening days of the tournament.

The winger sneaked in at the back post to hand the southern African country, 87 places below Tunisia in the world rankings, a deserved win as they were markedly more enterprising and created the better chances in the opening Group E encounter at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium.

Tunisia 0-1 Namibia: Africa Cup of Nations – as it happened
Read more

Namibia, competing in their fourth finals but who had never won a match, should have won by a more handsome margin but were let down by poor decision-making.

Tunisia are the top seeds in the group but laboured through the game and their goalkeeper Bechir Ben Said make several key stops to deny the Namibia captain, Peter Shalulile. Hotto also wasted a clear first-half opportunity and had a curling free-kick saved minutes before he ghosted in at the back post to secure the victory.

Quick Guide
How do I sign up for sport breaking news alerts?
Show

Tunisia did force a sharp save out of Loydt Kazapua in the final 15 minutes with a header that was acrobatically tipped over the top but that was as close as they came in a game where they were expected to dominate.

The north Africans, who are the third highest African side in the Fifa rankings at 28, looked nervy and out of sorts. They join Ghana as former winners who have lost their opening match at the tournament while Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt and Nigeria were all held in games they were expected to win.

Bertrand Traoré scored a stoppage-time penalty as Burkina Faso claimed a 1-0 victory against Mauritania in their Group D match at the Stade de la Paix in Bouake, writing a piece of history in the process.

View image in fullscreen
Bertrand Traoré scores for Burkina Faso to beat Mauritania. Photograph: Kenzo Tribouillard/AFP/Getty Images

It is the first win for the Burkinabe in their opening match of the African showpiece finals and came at the 13th attempt, handed to them when the Aston Villa midfielder Traoré stroked home his spot-kick after a foul by Mauritania’s captain, Mohamed El Abd, on Issa Kaboré.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Burkina Faso dominated possession but it was Mauritania who carved out the better chances, though they were denied by the excellent reflexes of the goalkeeper Hervé Koffi and will feel aggrieved not to have got something from the game having conceded in the 96th minute. Burkina Faso head the pool with their three points after the first round of matches. The fancied Algeria team were held surprisingly to a 1-1 draw by Angola on Monday.

Mali took advantage of an early let-off to beat South Africa 2-0 and take the lead in Group E.

After Percy Tau missed a penalty for South Africa the Mali captain, Hamari Traoré, broke the deadlock after an hour and Lassine Sinayoko added a second six minutes later to put the west Africans ahead of Namibia on goal difference in the standings.

Traoré was quickest to react and scored from centimetres out after the South Africa goalkeeper, Ronwen Williams, had barely kept out a curling free-kick from Sekou Koita at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium. The second goal came soon after as a through ball put Sinayoko goal-side and he shrugged off two defensive challenges to score from close range.

Explore more on these topics
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
Burkina Faso
Mauritania football team
Namibia football team
Tunisia football team
Mali football team
South Africa football team
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/jan/16/afcon-review-traores-last-gasp-penalty-edges-burkina-faso-past-mauritania 
 ----- 
