HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Tunisia vs Namibia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 14, 2024 at 2:37 PM
Modified at :
January 14, 2024 at 2:37 PM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
Tunisia will aim to make a perfect start to the tournament

 The Tunisian team have won three consecutive matches, scoring seven goals and conceding just two. They enter this match on a positive note after winning three matches in a row. As part of the AFCON preparations, they scored two goals in a friendly match with Cape Verde, winning the match 2-0.

While Namibia started their preparations for AFCON with a goalless draw with Ghana, they prevented them from having limited chances. The team have struggled to generate chances in the game, and thus goals have been a major problem. Benjamin will hope that his side can perform well against Tunisia, which will pose a significant threat to their progress from the group.

Kick-Off:

Tue,16 January 2024 at 10:30 PM IST

Location: Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium

Form:

Tunisia (in all competitions): W-W-W-L-L

Namibia (in all competitions): W-L-D-L-W

Player to Watch
Youssef Msakni (Tunisia)

Besides being a hardworking attacking midfielder, Msakni also brings creativity, and flair, and does not shy away from making challenges for his team. For Tunisia, he has scored in three successive matches, with his marauding run from midfield being an example. Msakni is a crucial figure for the team thanks to his attacking display and eye for goal. 

Peter Shalulile (Namibia) 

The dynamic striker has an eye for goal and works hard for his team, constantly pushing the opposition into making mistakes. Since his debut in 2015 for Namibia, he has scored an incredible amount of goals. With 14 goals scored for Namibia, he is the team’s top scorer.

Match Facts
Tunisia have won its last three matches.
They last faced each other in 2007.
Tunisia are coming into this tie defeating Cape Verde 2-0 in a friendly match.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

No injuries have been reported in Tunisia’s squad and the team is confident of having a successful start to the competition.

Having no injury concerns means Namibia have a full-strength squad at their disposal. Benjamin will likely play the same eleven against Ghana that drew in the last friendly. 

Head to Head

Total matches-3

Tunisia-3

Namibia-0

Draw-0

Predicted lineup for Tunisia vs Namibia
Tunisia Predicted lineup (4-4-2):

Said, Abdi, Talbi, Meriah, Kechrida,Laidouni, Sliti, Skhiri, Khenissi, Msakni, Achouri

Namibia Predicted lineup (4-1-4-1):

Kazapua,Nyanbe,Amutenya,Gebhardt,Hanabub,Petrus, Limbondi, Shitembi, Tijueza, Hotto,Shalulile

Match Prediction for Tunisia vs Namibia

With Tunisia having experience in this competition, they should be able to win against Namibia, who are an inexperienced side going into the tournament. The Tunisians are in good form and will look to get the three points against Namibia, who have been unable to score consistently and are average in defence. 

Prediction: Tunisia 2-0 Namibia
Telecast for Tunisia vs Namibia

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-tunisia-vs-namibia-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
