Skip to content
17°
St. Louis, MO
News
Watch Live
Weather
First Alert 4 Investigates
Matrix Midwest
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
Winn, Gray spark 4-1 Cardinals' win over Padres to split series
St. Louis Cardinals' Masyn Winn celebrates after hitting a solo home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in St. Louis. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)(Jeff Roberson | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Aug. 29, 2024 at 9:30 PM UTC

ST. LOUIS, Mo. (AP) - Masyn Winn hit a solo homer while Sonny Gray threw six strong innings in leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Thursday to earn a split in the four-game series.

Winn, a rookie, scored the game-winning run Wednesday after he hit a two-out single to start the ninth inning rally. In the four games against San Diego, Winn produced nine hits in 17 at-bats.

Iván Herrera and Victor Scott II each added two hits for St. Louis.

Gray (12-9), who had lost his three previous starts, checked the Padres to three hits and a run with no walks.

Ryan Helsley earned his MLB-leading 41st save in 44 opportunities by pitching a 1-2-3 ninth.

Michael King (11-8) pitched 4 1/3 innings before leaving with the bases loaded. He allowed two runs on six hits and four walks.

St. Louis struck for two unearned runs in the third. A walk to Alec Burleson and a two-base error by shortstop Tyler Wade on a grounder by Nolan Arenado set the table. Luken Baker grounded out, scoring Burleson. With two outs, Paul Goldschmidt doubled home Arenado.

The Padres, who had just three hits, made it 2-1 in the fifth when rookie Jackson Merrill led off with a 419-foot homer to center field. Gray has allowed a home run in eight of his last 10 starts.

The Cardinals extended their lead to 3-1 when Winn hit a one-out home run off Yuki Matsui in the sixth.

St. Louis added a run in the ninth. Lars Nootbaar led off with a triple and scored when Herrera singled.

TRAINING ROOM

Padres: SS Ha-Seong Kim (right shoulder inflammation) has been playing catch and taking ground balls during the series in St. Louis. He hasn’t fielded balls and thrown from the shortstop position yet.

Cardinals: LHP Steven Matz (lower back stiffness) struck out three batters and gave up four runs (two earned) on five hits and no walks over three innings in his last rehab start for Triple-A Memphis. He could rejoin the Cardinals next week in Milwaukee.

UP NEXT

Padres: TBA vs. Rays RHP Taj Bradley in Tampa. In his last start against the Dodgers, Bradley allowed six runs (five earned) on seven hits over six innings while striking out five.

Cardinals: RHP Erick Fedde (8-7, 3.31) vs. Yankees RHP Marcus Stroman (9-6, 3.88) in New York. Fedde will be making his fourth career start against the Yankees, but his first since the 2020 COVID-19 season when he faced them in Washington, D.C. In his last start, Stroman allowed three runs on five hits and three walks while striking out five over five innings to earn the win over the Rockies.

Copyright 2024 KMOV. All rights reserved.

Couple killed in crash that wasn’t disc overed for nearly 18 hours due to...
Man says 2 of his cats died after drink ing raw milk recalled for bird flu
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Voordelen van Windenergie
POLICE: 5-year-old hit by stray bullet in Carr Square
Trump’s Cabinet picks are set for Senate hearings. Here’s the schedule
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Writing in English Doesn't Have to Feel Hard
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Senioren zweren bij deze verborgen ‘sui kerhack’ die hun leven veranderde
GlucoSerenity
|
Sponsored
Groningen: Deze truc om je huis te beschermen is een...
Expert Market
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
|
Sponsored
De dokter onthult: "De belangr ijkste reden voor een dikke...
Mensen die niet kunnen afvallen na hun 45e maken deze cruciale fout
dagboekvaneencardioloog.nl
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
|
Sponsored
Wilt u een ligstoel waarin u kunt slapen, maar heeft u geen geld? Kijk!
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Dit is hoe u weer goed gaat horen (lees hier)
audibene hoortoestellen
|
Sponsored
Eet dit 's ochtends om je darmen (bijna onmiddellijk)...
Floravia
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kope...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Most Read
 Only on 4: Man stops carjacking at same gas station where wife was victim months ago
 Man shot, killed in Ferguson identified
Suspect charged with murder in 2021 death of man found burned in St. Louis alley
Reality TV star Chase Chrisley arrested after allegedly slapping bar manager
Walmart says customers should discard recalled chicken broth
 Person stabbed at Amazon Warehouse in Berkeley
 POLICE: 5-year-old injured after stray bullet goes through window in Carr Square
 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. State Celebration Commission hosts 39th annual event at Harris-Stowe State University
Latest News
Cardinals will go to arbitration with Nootbaar, Donovan and Pallante
 Cardinals Winter Warm-Up free autograph tickets available Friday
Paul Goldschmidt, joining Yankees, says of his 2024 season with Cardinals: ‘I’m better than this’
 Cardinals announce MiLB hirings
Reports: Goldschmidt signs with Yankees
Against the odds, Cardinals land 5th pick in MLB Draft Lottery
Nolan Arenado open to switch from third base to first and leaving Cardinals for a team he approves
Cardinals Winter Warm-Up tickets on sale
News
Weather
Sports
Traffic
Great Day
Living Well
Contact Us
Careers
KMOV
77 Progress Parkway
Maryland Heights, MO 63043
(314) 621-4444
Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
EEO Statement
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Digital Marketing
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.firstalert4.com/2024/08/29/winn-gray-spark-4-1-cardinals-win-over-padres-split-series/ 
 ----- 
