Latest
Japan
Visual Stories
Travel/Tourism
World
Sports
Feature
Arts
Podcast
Olympics
Paralympics
About us


Football: Japan cruise to 5-0 friendly win over Thailand
Watch live soccer online

 KYODO NEWS - Jan 1, 2024 - 21:32 | Sports, All

Ao Tanaka opened the floodgates early in the second half as Japan overwhelmed Thailand 5-0 in a men's international football friendly Monday at Tokyo's National Stadium.Watch live soccer online

Keito Nakamura, Takumu Kawamura and Takumi Minamino also found the net in the Samurai Blue's first-ever New Year's Day clash, which served as a warm-up for the Asian Cup kicking off later this month in Qatar.

With a number of mainstays still on duty for their European clubs, manager Hajime Moriyasu gave several new faces a chance to show their stuff in front of the 61,916 gathered to watch Japan's last home game before the Jan. 12 to Feb. 10 tournament.

 Best video game consoles
Japan's Ao Tanaka (C) opens the scoring during the second half of an international football friendly against Thailand at the National Stadium in Tokyo on Jan. 1, 2024. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

Sanfrecce Hiroshima midfielder Kawamura made his senior national team debut off the bench late in the second half, while veteran winger Junya Ito wore the captain's armband in the absence of regular skipper Wataru Endo.

Thailand's Japanese manager Masatada Ishii included Consadole Sapporo midfielder Supachok Sarachat and Urawa Reds midfielder Ekanit Panya in his squad.

The home team spent most of the first half in attacking territory but could not convert a handful of opportunities against a defensively minded Thai side before the break.

Japan's Keito Nakamura (13) scores the team's second goal during the second half of an international football friendly against Thailand at the National Stadium in Tokyo on Jan. 1, 2024. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

Japan's 51st-minute opener resulted from an attack triggered by second-half substitute Ritsu Doan, who made a run down the left before swinging a pass to Junya Ito on the opposite side of the box. The captain's shot was blocked by a defender, but Tanaka was on hand to fire home.

Nakamura made it 2-0 in the 72nd minute when he tapped in after Minamino's shot was stopped by Thailand keeper Patiwat Khammai.

The Thailand defense conceded an own goal from a corner kick before Kawamura headed Japan's fourth in the 82nd minute.

Japan's Takumi Minamino (front) scores a goal during the second half of an international football friendly against Thailand at the National Stadium in Tokyo on Jan. 1, 2024. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

Minamino sent one late attempt wide and had another saved one-on-one by Patiwat before slotting the final goal in the first minute of injury time.

The victory set the record for the Samurai Blue's longest winning streak at nine straight games.

"This win was the result of players communicating on and off the pitch about what they needed to do to bring out the best in each other," said Moriyasu, who was scheduled to name his Asian Cup squad later.

Japan will begin their campaign for a record fifth Asian Cup campaign against Group D opponents Vietnam on Jan. 14 before facing Iraq and Indonesia.

The Samurai Blue are scheduled to play Jordan on Jan. 9 in a final warm-up game for the tournament.

"We've made a good start in our bid to win the Asian championship, so I want to make sure we prepare properly," Ito said.

Related coverage:

Football: Japan to test new faces in New Year's Day match vs Thailand

Football: Japan national team trains for New Year's Day game vs Thailand

Jan 1, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Popular
Baseball: Roki Sasaki sweepstakes heating up between MLB clubs

Dec 25, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Sumo: With yokozuna promotion at stake, Hoshoryu focused on process

Dec 24, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Basketball: Yuki Kawamura scores NBA career-high 10 pts in Memphis loss

Dec 30, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Figure skating: Yuzuru Hanyu to perform in Miyagi in memory of 2011 quake

Dec 24, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Baseball: Former Yankees ace Masahiro Tanaka vows to break out of struggles

Dec 25, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Latest Video
More from Sports
Baseball: Japan manager Ibata sees MLB-centered WBC team in 2026

Jan 2, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Athletics: Aoyama Gakuin Univ. takes Tokyo-Hakone ekiden 1st-day lead

Jan 2, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Basketball: Japan's Ibu Yamazaki aiming high in NCAA after injury return

Jan 1, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Baseball: Shohei Ohtani primed for back-to-back World Series bid

Jan 1, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Golf: Hideki Matsuyama eager for more after 2 wins, Olympic bronze

Dec 31, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Baseball: Roki Sasaki may meet 1 or 2 more MLB teams before decision

Dec 31, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Gymnastics: Down-to-earth Oka eyes bigger things after 3 Paris golds

Dec 31, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Baseball: Ichiro Suzuki, face of changing Hall of Fame

Dec 30, 2024 | KYODO NEWS

Baseball: Japan manager Ibata sees MLB-centered WBC team in 2026

 KYODO NEWS - 6 hours ago - 17:30 | Sports, All

About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Links
Contact
Advertise With Us

© Kyodo News.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.kyodonews.net/news/2024/01/70ad04c9472b-football-japan-cruise-to-5-0-friendly-win-over-thailand.html 
 ----- 
