Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Russell Westbrook's Statement After Game-Winning Stop on RJ Barrett
Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook had a big game against the Toronto Raptors.
Joey Linn | Nov 5, 2024
Toronto Raptors guard RJ Barrett (9) against Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook (4) in the fourth quarter at Ball Arena. / Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images
In this story:
Denver Nuggets
Toronto Raptors

The Denver Nuggets picked up their fourth win of the NBA season on Tuesday night, defeating the Toronto Raptors 121-119. This win improved the Nuggets' record to 4-3 on the season, and the loss dropped Toronto to 2-6.

Starting point guard Jamal Murray was sidelined again for Denver due to concussion protocol, which gave Russell Westbrook his second-straight start. Westbrook played 34 minutes in the win, tallying 21 points, six assists, and six rebounds.

After recording five steals against the Utah Jazz, Westbrook had another strong defensive performance against Toronto. This included the game-winning stop on Raptors forward RJ Barrett.

RJ BARRETT SO CLOSE 😤 pic.twitter.com/ewg1SzAPXF

— Raptors Lead (@RaptorsLead) November 5, 2024

Speaking with reporters after the game, Westbrook was asked about this final defensive possession.

“I was already running to the locker room,” Westbrook said when asked what he was thinking as Barrett’s shot spun around the rim. “I thought I did a great job contesting. I actually tipped the ball, too. I didn’t think it was going in.”

Westbrook added, “That’s a shot I want him to take. He was trying to get to the basket to his left. I’m living with that every time.”

Through seven games, Westbrook is holding opponents to just 40.4 percent from the field. This is even better than the 43.6 percent mark that Westbrook held opponents to last season, which ranked sixth in the NBA among all guards who defended as many shots as him.

The Nuggets are 2-0 in Westbrook’s two starts, and the 17-year veteran is averaging 13.0 points, 6.5 assists, 4.5 rebounds, and 3.0 steals in those games.

Related Articles

Nikola Jokic Made Unprecedented History at 2024 Paris Olympics

Kevin Durant Gets Honest About How NBA Players View Nikola Jokic

Russell Westbrook Reacts to Being Snubbed From Viral NBA List

Published Nov 5, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/nuggets/news/russell-westbrook-s-statement-after-game-winning-stop-on-rj-barrett-01jbys59qfgb 
 ----- 
