ON CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET
SI.COM
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET SWIMSUIT
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET SPORTSBOOK
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET TICKETS
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET RESORTS
Russell Westbrook's Statement After Nuggets-Raptors Goes Viral
Cheap Gottliebpaludan Jordan Outlet Accessibility Statement.
Joey Linn | Nov 5, 2024
Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook (4) during Denver Nuggets Media Day. / Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images
In this story:
Denver Nuggets

The Denver Nuggets picked up their second-straight win on Monday night, defeating the Toronto Raptors one 121-119. This was the second game that star guard Jamal Murray has missed due to the NBA’s concussion protocol.

Getting the start again in Murray’s absence, 17-year veteran point guard Russell Westbrook finished with 21 points, six rebounds, and six assists. Westbrook also got the game-winning stop on RJ Barrett’s buzzer-beater attempt. 

Since joining the Nuggets in free agency this summer, Westbrook has been praised by his new teammates for his ability on the court and his leadership for their entire roster. This has been especially noticeable with Denver’s young players, as the former league MVP has already helped them grow.

Asked about this after Monday night’s win, Westbrook gave an answer that has been going viral on social media.

“I love to see the growth,” Westbrook said. “I love to see mistakes, I love to see frustration, I love to see adversity. I love to see joy, I love to see happiness. I love to see all the mixed emotions, because it’s part of the game. And not just that, it will teach you a lot about life.”

This video from the Nuggets on Instagram has tallied over 170,000 views. Fans have loved the response from Westbrook, who always prides himself on being a leader - especially to his young teammates.

Related Articles

Nikola Jokic Made Unprecedented History at 2024 Paris Olympics

Kevin Durant Gets Honest About How NBA Players View Nikola Jokic

Russell Westbrook Reacts to Being Snubbed From Viral NBA List

Published Nov 5, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
Nov 5, 2024
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Cheap Gottliebpaludan Jordan Outlet - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF Cheap Gottliebpaludan Jordan Outlet. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gottliebpaludan.com/en/aacbaaushop/nba/nuggets/news/russell-westbrook-s-statement-after-nuggets-raptors-goes-viral-01jbznety9ah 
 ----- 
