MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Westbrook scores 21 points, Jokic has a triple-double and the Nuggets beat the Raptors 121-119
Updated Nov. 5, 2024 11:46 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DENVER (AP) — Russell Westbrook scored 21 points and played smothering defense on the final play of the game, and the Denver Nuggets beat the Toronto Raptors 121-119 on Monday night.

Nikola Jokic had 28 points, 14 rebounds and 13 assists for his third triple-double in four games for Denver, which played without Jamal Murray (concussion protocol) and lost Aaron Gordon to a right calf strain in the first quarter.

The Nuggets trailed 109-98 with 5:45 left but rallied to take a 118-117 lead on Peyton Watson’s 3-pointer. The teams traded baskets and Julian Strawther split a pair of free throws with 12 seconds left.

That gave Toronto a chance but on the final play Westbrook blanketed RJ Barrett, whose 26-footer to win it at the horn was short.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Barrett finished with 18 points while Gradey Dick had 26 and Jakob Poeltl scored 24.

Takeaways

Raptors: Help might be on the way sooner than expected. Forward Scottie Barnes (orbital fracture) won’t need surgery at this point, according to coach Darko Rajakovic. Barnes has not played since the home loss to Denver on Oct. 28

Nuggets: The injuries have put more pressure on the bench to come through. Swather has played well the last few games and Hunter Tyson is making the most of his opportunity.

Key moment
Go The Extra Miles
Extend your journey with gear that can take on any terrain.
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!

Toronto led by six before Poeltl picked up his fifth and sixth fouls in a span of 23 seconds. The Nuggets outscored the Raptors 14-8 after Poeltl fouled out.

Key stat

Jokic has three triple-doubles in the last four games and missed a fourth by one rebound against Minnesota on Friday night. He also had seven turnovers against Toronto.

Up next

The Raptors travel to Sacramento on Wednesday night while the Nuggets host Oklahoma City for the second time in two weeks.

___

This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Gradey Dick's first name and to correct Jokic to 13 assists.

___

AP NHL: https://www.apnews.com/hub/NHL

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Denver Nuggets
Russell Westbrook
National Basketball Association
Scottie Barnes
Jakob Poeltl
R.J. Barrett
Aaron Gordon
Jamal Murray
Nikola Jokic
Russell Westbrook
Denver Nuggets
Toronto Raptors
NBA - Toronto Raptors vs. Denver Nuggets - 11/05/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/westbrook-scores-21-points-jokic-has-a-tripledouble-and-the-nuggets-beat-the-raptors-121119 
 ----- 
