Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
Champions League
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Winners
Stats
Champions League
Andre Onana makes another mistake, gives up 4 goals to Bayern Munich and Manchester United fans are not happy

The newly signed goalkeeper is off to a horror start.

Andre Onana after committing a mistake that led to a goal.CBS Sports
MATIAS WODNER
20/09/2023 - 17:22 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. Late Bellingham winner saves Real Madrid in Champions League opener
Soccer. Julian Alvarez brace lifts Manchester City past Red Star Belgrade

When Manchester United signed Andre Onana from Inter Milan, they thought they were getting a huge upgrade over a declining David De Gea. They spent the fourth-most money ever for a goalkeeper transfer in order to pluck away the Cameroonian, who helped Inter reach the 2023 Champions League final.

Through six games so far, Onana's career at Manchester has been nothing short of a debacle. On Wednesday, in a huge opening Champions League group stage fixture against Bayern Munich, Onana committed an error on what looked to be a routine save. The ball trickled into the net and gave Bayern the first goal of the game in the 27th minute.

Bayern went on to score three more times, winning the game 4-3. The four goals allowed by Onana bring his goals conceded tally to 14 through six games at Manchester United.

Manchester United have also allowed three or more goals in each of their last three games across all competitions. It's a far cry from the defense that tied for third-best in the Premier League last season.

Onana isn't completely at fault for all of the goals allowed, but this most recent mistake showcases that he's lost a fair share of confidence, something that he never lacked while in Milan.

Opposing fans were quick to add Onana's latest howler to his lowlight reel so far.

To be fair to Onana, this is not the end of his career, and he'll have plenty of chances to rebound and show what he's capable of.

"I let the team down"
MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

In a surprise decision, Onana stepped up and requested to be interviewed following the game against Bayern. To his credit, he took ownership of the mistake, saying that it was his fault his team didn't win.

After my mistake, we lost control of the game. It's a difficult situation for us, for me especially because I'm the one who let the team down. I have a lot to prove, because to be honest my start at Manchester United is not so good, it's not how I want.

That may or may not have been the case on Wednesday. Regardless, Onana and United have to pick themselves up and focus, with two Premier League games, one EFL Cup game and the second Champions League fixture coming up within the next two weeks.

Champions League - English
Manchester United - English
Bayern Munich - English
MLS - Major League SoccerVictoria Beckham's romantic message about David Beckham's new Netflix documentary
Manchester UnitedCrisis at Manchester United: Arguments and accusations of greed, nepotism, mistreatment...
Manchester UnitedManchester United struggles continue for Jadon Sancho: The 85 million signing that ended in failure
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
老花眼讓生活工作霧煞煞，還好有諾貝爾LBV老花雷射
諾貝爾眼科
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
辻利茶舗 2025新春禮盒美到太過份！人氣 暢銷茶食禮盒精選推薦！
辻利茶舖
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/champions-league/2023/09/21/650b7017268e3e2e4d8b45db.html 
 ----- 
