Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Arizona Cardinals
Arizona Cardinals, Chicago Bears fans rejoice: Teams currently own four of Top 9 picks in 2024 NFL Draft

Both teams appear to be in messy situations, but help is on the way.

The Bears and Cardinals' fortunes could be changing next April.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 20/09/2023 - 19:25 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Vikings trade for out of favor Cam Akers, Alexander Mattison on notice after inefficient start
NFL. Rodgers optimistic about return, but expert weighs in on Achilles surgery and recovery prospects

In seemingly every NFL Draft, at least one team mortgages much of its near future in order to secure the services of high-end prospects. In 2023, we saw two teams do this.

First, it was the Carolina Panthers, who traded away a first round pick, two second round picks and D.J. Moore in order to get the first pick of the draft: quarterback Bryce Young. Then, during the unfolding of the actual draft, the Houston Texans traded up to third overall by giving up first, second, and third round picks to get outside linebacker Will Anderson Jr.

After two weeks of the 2023 regular season, the teams that the Panthers and Texans traded with are feeling amazing. The reason being that Carolina and Houston have started 0-2, meaning the 2024 first rounders they gave up are currently incredibly valuable.

The current 2024 NFL Draft order through Week 2.Tankathon.com

The Chicago Bears and Arizona Cardinals are the teams that would benefit. As it stands right now, because both of them are winless also, four of the top nine picks of the 2024 draft would belong solely to them.

The picks would be as follows.

Denver Broncos
Chicago Bears
Los Angeles Chargers
Minnesota Vikings
Arizona Cardinals (via Houston Texans)
Cincinnati Bengals
New England Patriots
Arizona Cardinals
Chicago Bears (via Carolina Panthers)
A long way to go

Of course, it's only been two games. So much can change over the next 16 weeks. But the Panthers and Texans haven't exactly given us reason to believe they'll win many games. In fact, those picks may end up being even higher, considering that the Broncos, Chargers, Bengals and Patriots are all projected to win more games.

Meanwhile, as for the Bears and Cardinals themselves, their season outlook is bleak. The Cardinals are starting journeyman Joshua Dobbs at quarterback and their strength of schedule is tied for the second-toughest in the NFL. The Bears are an absolute mess for a variety of reasons, with dysfunction among the players and coaching staff alike.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Both the Bears and Cardinals have quarterbacks who have proven to be very inconsistent. Justin Fields has struggled mightily in 2023. Kyler Murray is still working his way back from a torn ACL.

Justin Fields clears up comments about Bears' coachingChicago Bears

With so much ammo at their disposal heading into the 2024 NFL Draft, they could be battling for Caleb Williams or Drake Maye all season, whether destiny is in their hands or not.

NFL - English
Chicago Bears - English
Arizona Cardinals - English
Justin Fields - English
Kyler Murray - English
Carolina Panthers - English
Houston Texans - English
NFLVikings, Bears among early candidates to tank NFL season for Caleb Williams
Chicago BearsStephen A. Smith joins Bears roasting, calls team 'trash'... and that's not all
Chicago BearsWith Chicago Bears in shambles, top receiver tells everybody to "chill out"
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Meghan Markle's father fears he...
Marca
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
辻利茶舗 2025新春禮盒美到太過份！人氣 暢銷茶食禮盒精選推薦！
辻利茶舖
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/arizona-cardinals/2023/09/21/650b8a0f268e3e24248b458c.html 
 ----- 
