Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Deion Sanders reveals when his son Shedeur will head to the NFL

Coach Prime says Shedeur "don't want to be two to nobody" -- including Caleb Williams

Sanders (left) and Williams (right) will go head-to-head in 10 days' time.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 20/09/2023 - 21:15 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Former Cardinals coach Kingsbury compares projected top draft pick Caleb Williams to Patrick Mahomes
NCAA. Hall of Famer joins Deion Sanders' Colorado Buffaloes coaching staff to mentor defensive linemen

The Colorado Buffaloes are the toast of the college football world at the moment. New head coach Deion Sanders -- now going by the moniker "Coach Prime" -- has guided the previously-moribund program to a 3-0 start and a top-20 ranking in the country entering Saturday's highly-anticipated clash with the Oregon Ducks.

Coach Prime's son Shedeur is a large reason for Colorado's early-season success. The Buffaloes' quarterback, a transfer from Jackson State, is already establishing himself as one of the top collegiate signal-callers in the nation, with some observers pondering whether he would forgo his remaining NCAA eligibility and enter the 2024 NFL Draft.

However, Coach Prime on Wednesday shut down that talk in an interview with Bleacher Report.

Shedeur wants to be #1

Speaking to Taylor Rooks, the elder Sanders insisted his son would be staying at Colorado for at least another season after this one -- and there are multiple reasons why he'd stay in Boulder instead of bolt for the NFL at the first opportunity.

"With NIL (compensation from name, image, and likeness), and who they are, shoot, you could make just as much money (in the NCAA) as you can there, unless you're one of the first five picks," Sanders explained.

Deion Sanders told his kids that they're not going to the NFL next seasonRoberto Ortega

However, the more pertinent reason -- beyond the cash from endorsement deals -- is that Shedeur wants to be regarded as the top quarterback in his class. In 2024, he probably would not be, due to the presence of North Carolina's Drake Maye and Southern California's Caleb Williams -- last season's Heisman Trophy winner.

"Shedeur don't want to be two to nobody. He don't get down like that," Coach Prime revealed. "People are projecting him behind Caleb Williams. And Caleb Williams is phenomenal. But Shedeur ain't no backseat rider. He drives his Maybach. He doesn't have a driver in it -- he drives it."

The upcoming Sanders-Williams showdown

Despite Deion's declarations, the situation around Shedeur could change if he continues dominating college football -- and the tell-all tilt could be against Williams and USC later this month.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Sanders and the Buffaloes will welcome Williams and the Trojans to Boulder on Sept. 30 in what is, right now, a matchup between two top-20 teams. USC has been regarded as a favorite to win the Pac-12 Conference, and victory at Folsom Field will enhance its credentials as the best team in the conference -- as well as a candidate to reach the College Football Playoff.

However, the buck might stop with Sanders and son(s) as they continue their improbable start to the 2023 season, ahead of a move back to the Big 12 Conference -- where Shedeur is expected to play in 2024.

NCAAF - English
NFL - English
NCAATerrell Owens adds fuel to fire after CSU player endures death threats over Travis Hunter
NCAARising from the College Football ashes: The bittersweet surge of the Pac-12
NCAADeion Sanders responds to CSU coach's harsh comment: "They done messed around and made it personal"
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
南港新灣區 發現最強新資產
東方大境
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/21/650ba09b46163f0f148b4577.html 
 ----- 
