Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Miami's Cam McCormick seeks unprecedented ninth year of College Football eligibility
Miami tight end is requesting to play for ninth season of college footballLAPRESSE
LW
20/09/2023 - 21:29 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. NCAAF Full Schedule Week 4: Where can you watch Thursday's college football game?
NCAA. Hall of Famer joins Deion Sanders' Colorado Buffaloes coaching staff to mentor defensive linemen

In the world of college football, where eligibility typically spans four to five years, Miami tight end Cam McCormick's journey stands out as nothing short of remarkable.

At 25 years old, the former Oregon transfer is currently in his eighth year of college football, and he's not done yet.

McCormick recently made headlines by petitioning the ACC for an unprecedented ninth year of eligibility, setting a new standard for the sport.

From Oregon to Miami

McCormick's saga began when he first donned the Oregon Ducks' uniform.

Starting his college career in Eugene, he spent seven years with the Ducks program, a tenure that included a redshirted true freshman season and significant playing time in his second year.

However, adversity struck during his redshirt sophomore campaign when he suffered a broken ankle, leading to multiple surgeries and sidelining him for nearly three years.

After a lengthy recovery, McCormick made a triumphant return to the field last season, suiting up for the University of Miami.

In his first season with the Hurricanes, he played in all 13 games, showcasing his resilience and determination.

During this comeback year, McCormick caught 10 passes for 66 yards and three touchdowns, making crucial contributions to the team's success.

McCormick's petition

While the 25-year-old tight end is petitioning for a ninth year of eligibility, he remains undecided about whether he'll utilize this additional year on the field.

"I'm still kind of in the process of petitioning for it. Because it was accepted in the Pac-12, but as for the ACC,I have to re-petition for it. So that's in the works right now to see if I'll be able to get it or not...I'm petitioning to have the option," McCormick explained, leaving his football future open-ended.

What sets McCormick apart is not just his extended college football tenure but also his unique circumstances.

Currently, he shares the record for the longest college football tenure in FBS history with Northern Illinois' Kyle Pugh.

MORE in MARCA
Mark Zucker...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

However, no player has ever been granted nine seasons of eligibility, making his petition a groundbreaking and unprecedented request in the world of college sports.

While the petition process is underway, the Hurricanes are off to an impressive 3-0 start in Mario Cristobal's second season as head coach, with McCormick contributing to the team's success with two receptions for 28 yards.

NCAAF - English
NCAANCAAF Scores Week 3: These are the results for this Saturday's games
NCAADeion Sanders' son Shedeur leads Buffaloes' comeback win in 2 OTs vs. Colorado State Rams
NCAATerrell Owens adds fuel to fire after CSU player endures death threats over Travis Hunter
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Rory Sykes cause of death: Former...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
全新BMW X7 M Excel lence限量版
BMW Taiwan 總代理汎德
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/21/650baa79e2704ea6a08b45af.html 
 ----- 
