INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsFootballIntercontinental Cup 2024: Syria down hapless India 3-0 to win title
Intercontinental Cup 2024: Syria down hapless India 3-0 to win title
Syria downed a hapless India 3-0 to secure the Intercontinental Cup 2024 on Monday, September 2024 in Hyderabad. The Indian defence had a rough day at the office as Manolo Marquez' first assignment as coach ended on a sour note.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
India had a day to forget at the office (Courtesy: Indian football Instagram)
India Today Sports Desk
New Delhi,UPDATED: Sep 9, 2024 21:35 IST
In Short
Al Aswad, Irandust and Sabbag scored the goals for Syria
The Indian defence had a rough day in the office
India produced a better performance in the second half

Syria won the Intercontinental Cup 2024 with a 3-0 win over India on Monday, September 9 in Hyderabad at the Gachibowli Stadium. Goals from Mahmoud Al Aswad in the 7th, Daleho Irandust in the 76th minutes and Sabbag late in stoppage time was enough for Syria to secure the title and end Manolo Marquez' first assignment as India coach on a sour note.

ADVERTISEMENT

Syria were fielding a much-changed team on the day as they just needed a draw to secure the trophy while India had to win the contest. The early minutes of the game saw India attempt a lot of forward passes which was either being intercepted or being off the mark. Syria would then take the lead in the game as there was absolute chaos in the box during the 7th minute. The Indian defence failed to clear their lines and the ball fell to Mahmoud Al Aswad and he made no mistake to put his side in the lead.

Syria almost doubled their lead a few minutes later as Alaa Aldin's ferocious shot would hit the post. The visitors were certainly dominating the game at this point as Manolo and India were searching for answers.

The 12th minute saw Gurpreet Singh called into action as another attack from the right caused a lot of problems for the Indian defence. A few minutes later, India was able to go past the press from the Syrian side and launched an attack with Nandha almost going through after a great ball from Manvir.

Syria once again went through the Indian defence and Alaa Aldin was one-on-one with Gurpreet. However, the Syrian striker's shot would go wide as the Indian fans let out a huge sigh of relief.

India started to create some chances down the left with Subhashish puitting in a cross into the box, which headed over by Chhangte.

In the 35th minute, Syria would almost doubled the lead before Gurpreet made an all-important save. Al Aswad sent in a whipped cross, which hit Alaa Aldin and it almost crept past the line before the Indian goalkeeper was able to push it to safety and Poojary cleared the lines.

India would end the half strongly as Sahal was able to get the hosts' first shot on goal, which was saved by Elias. Suresh would slipped in Nikhil whose shot was blocked and India were able to get a free-kick.

ADVERTISEMENT

The ball from the set piece would reach Anwar, who failed to control the ball and it went out for a goal kick and the referee blew the whistle for half-time.

India started the second-half by bringing on Apuia Ralte and Asish Rai to replace Suresh Wangjam and Nikhil Poojary. They got a couple of corners early on in the half as the half-time team talk seemed to be working for the hosts.

India were once again in a good spot as Sahal released Chhangte, whose shot was stopped by the Syrian goalkeeper. In the 60th minute, Sahal, who had been India's best player so far, whipped in a dangerous ball on the turn, which had the Syrian defence under trouble.

Chhangte's resultant shot would then be stopped by the defence. He would once again get a glorious chance in the 68th minute when a scuffed shot from Nandha would just be away from the Indian attacker.

Almost against the run of play, Syria would launch an attack that would see them double the lead in the 77th minute to seemingly put the game out of India's reach. Irandust would just run into the box as Anwar Ali dropped off and his shot would go underneath Gurpreet and into the goal.

ADVERTISEMENT

India would remain positive in the final few mintues of normal time as Edmund made Elias pull off an incredible save. The resultant corner would see Mahesh's shot being stopped and then Chhangte having his attempt go off the crossbar.

Liston would then catch Elias by surprise with a stunning attempt from outside the box that went off the crossbar and almost into the net. However, the game was then put to bed by Sabbag, who put the exclamation mark on the win.

Published By:
alan john
Published On:
Sep 9, 2024
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Mufasa The Lion King Review
Ambedkar Row
Delhi AQI
Mumbai Boat Accident
LATEST
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2024 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/football/story/intercontinental-cup-2024-india-vs-syria-report-manolo-marquez-hyderabad-2596749-2024-09-09 
 ----- 
