Arab News Saturday .  December 28, 2024
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Sport
Saudi Arabia
Middle-East
Business & Economy
Health officials say Israeli forces detain director of north Gaza hospital
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Ronaldo scores late winner as a substitute for Portugal as 10-man Spain overpower Switzerland
Ronaldo scores late winner as a substitute for Portugal as 10-man Spain overpower Switzerland
Portugal's forward Cristiano Ronaldo (C) scores a goal during the UEFA Nations League football match, Group A, between Portugal and Scotland at Luz stadium in Lisbon on Sept. 8, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/z98n4

Ronaldo failed to score at all in five games at the recent European Championship, but Portugal coach Robert Martinez has kept faith with the country’s greatest ever player
Fabian Ruiz scored twice for Spain in their 4-1 win at Switzerland, with the recently crowned European champions emerging victorious despite playing the majority of the game with only 10 men
Updated 09 September 2024
AP
September 09, 2024 03:09
226
     
 Follow

LONDON: Cristiano Ronaldo is showing just why Portugal are persisting with him at the age of 39.

	

For the latest updates, follow us @ArabNewsSport

Make that a record-extending 132 international goals for the five-time world player of the year after Ronaldo came on as a halftime substitute and slotted home an 88th-minute winner for Portugal in their 2-1 victory over Scotland in the Nations League on Sunday.

Minutes earlier, Ronaldo had struck both posts within a matter of seconds. Indeed, he was an ever-present danger in Lisbon, demonstrating he is far from finished as a force in international soccer — especially against the likes of a struggling Scotland.

Ronaldo failed to score at all in five games at the recent European Championship, but Portugal coach Robert Martinez has kept faith with the country’s greatest ever player and is reaping the rewards.

On Thursday, Ronaldo scored his 900th career goal — spanning games for club and country — in a 2-1 win over Croatia.

The quest for 1,000 began three days later and he didn’t disappoint, despite only playing one half.

In stoppage time, a spectator got on the field and attempted to get a selfie with Ronaldo, but was stopped by security. That happened repeatedly at Euro 2024.

Scotland went ahead through Scott McTominay in the seventh minute before an equalizer from the edge of the area by Bruno Fernandes in the 54th.

Enduring Modric

Luka Modric turns 39 on Monday but, like Ronaldo, remains as integral as ever for his country.

The Real Madrid midfielder again demonstrated his enduring quality by clipping home an exquisite free kick from the edge of the box in Croatia’s 1-0 win over Poland.

It was Modric’s 27th goal in 180 appearances for his country, which left him tied with former Spain defender Sergio Ramos as the second highest-capped European players in men’s international soccer — only behind Ronaldo with 214.

Robert Lewandowski, another veteran at age 36, hit the goal frame for Poland, who beat Scotland 3-2 in the first round of Nations League group games on Thursday.

Ruiz shines for Spain

Fabian Ruiz scored twice for Spain in their 4-1 win at Switzerland, with the recently crowned European champions emerging victorious despite playing the majority of the game with only 10 men.

Center back Robin Le Normand was shown a straight red card in the 20th minute for bringing down Breel Embolo as the last man, by which time Spain was leading 2-0 thanks to Joselu’s header from Lamine Yamal’s cross in the fourth minute and Ruiz’s goal in the 13th after Nico Williams’ shot was saved.

Zeki Amdouni pulled a goal back for the Swiss before halftime but substitute Ferran Torres set up Ruiz for his second goal then scored himself to clinch Spain’s first win of its Nations League title defense. The team drew 0-0 at Serbia on Thursday.

Eriksson tribute

Swedish soccer fans paid tribute to one of the country’s most famous coaches — and then celebrated the further blossoming of the team’s new strikeforce.

There was a minute’s silence before Sweden’s home match with Estonia in honor of Sven-Goran Eriksson, who died on Aug. 26 after battling cancer. An image of Eriksson was shown on the big screens in the Strawberry Arena just outside Stockholm.

Sweden won 3-0, with Viktor Gyokeres — with two goals — and Alexander Isak scoring. They also each scored in a 3-1 win in Azerbaijan on Thursday, with the Swedes showing improved form after missing out on qualification for both the World Cup in 2022 and this year’s Euros.

There was another Scandinavian win as Denmark beat Serbia 2-0 thanks to goals by Albert Gronbaek and Yussuf Poulsen.

       Follow
Topics: PORTUGAL CRISTIANO RONALDO
You May Also Like
Elevate Business Writing With This Desktop App
Grammarly
Learn More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrested as they tried to fly out of Lebanon
arabnews
The 10 Most Expensive Restaurant s In The World
Networthus.com
Learn More
Lebanese journalist Abir Rahal killed by husband before his suici de
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 535
Al-Nassr star Ronaldo calls Saudi Arabia’s Red Sea his ‘second home’, describes AlUla as ‘spiritual’
 206
Ronaldo scores 900th career goal as Portugal beat Croatia
Bosch, Jansen put South Africa on top against Pakistan
Bosch, batting at number nine, enabled South Africa to take a 90-run first innings lead
Bowlers made it count by taking three wickets before Pakistan could wipe out the deficit
Updated 28 December 2024
AFP
December 28, 2024 07:03
1
     

CENTURION: Debutant Corbin Bosch hit 81 not out and left-arm fast bowler Marco Jansen claimed two late wickets as South Africa took control on the second day of the first Test against Pakistan at SuperSport Park on Friday.
Bosch, batting at number nine, enabled South Africa to take a 90-run first innings lead — and the bowlers made it count by taking three wickets before Pakistan could wipe out the deficit.
Pakistan finished the day on 88 for three — still two runs behind.

Pakistan’s Babar Azam plays a side shot during day two of the Test cricket match between South Africa and Pakistan, at the Centurion Park in Centurion, South Africa, on December 27, 2024. (AP)

South Africa would qualify for next year’s World Test Championship final for the first time with a victory in either match of this two-Test series.
The contest was evenly poised when opening batsman Aiden Markram was eighth man out for 89 with South Africa on 213 for eight — just two runs ahead of Pakistan’s first innings total of 211.
Four South African wickets had fallen for 35 runs either side of lunch, with Naseem Shah taking three in a fiery spell, and it seemed probable the sides would start the second innings almost on level terms.

Pakistan’s Naseem Shah bowls during day two of the Test cricket match between South Africa and Pakistan, at the Centurion Park in Centurion, South Africa, on December 27, 2024. (AP)

But Bosch, who has a first-class batting average above 40, batted with freedom and a wide variety of strokes as he shared stands of 41 with Kagiso Rabada (13) and 47 with Dane Paterson (12) to turn a narrow lead into a substantial one.

Bosch hit 15 fours in a 93-ball innings.
“It was a huge momentum shift and it was probably worth more than a hundred,” said Markram, who captained Bosch and Rabada when South Africa won the Under-19 World Cup in Dubai in 2014.

It was the continuation of a remarkable debut for Bosch, 30, who took four for 63 in the first innings and was clocked at 147kmh, the fastest of any bowler in the match.
Bosch, whose Test cricketer father Tertius died when Corbin was five years old, was low on the list of potential Test fast bowlers at the start of the season.
But a lengthy list of injuries to bigger-name players, as well as good recent form, opened the door for him.
“He’s a really talented guy and in the last few years he’s really put his head down and worked to get his opportunity,” said Markram.
Bosch shared the new ball with Kagiso Rabada at the start of Pakistan’s second innings but did not take a wicket and left the field at the end of a three-over stint.
Saim Ayub and Shan Masood, who both made 28, put on 49 for the first wicket before Rabada bowled Ayub.

South Africa’s Marco Jansen (second right) celebrates with his teammates after taking the wicket of Pakistan’s Shan Masood during day two of the Test cricket match between South Africa and Pakistan, at the Centurion Park in Centurion, South Africa, on December 27, 2024. (AP)

Jansen followed up by having Masood caught at third slip and first innings top-scorer Kamran Ghulam caught at gully for eight before bad light stopped play.
Markram said it was a typical Centurion pitch, providing assistance for the fast bowlers.

“While I was batting it did feel that at any time the ball could nip past your edge,” he said.
Markram cautioned South Africa would need to bowl well to press home their advantage on Saturday.
“If you’re not going to land the ball in the right areas it’s still going to be nice to bat on,” he said.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN VS SOUTH AFRICA PAKISTAN CRICKET
You May Also Like
Discover how to go from draft to done in a few clicks—not a few hours.
Grammarly
Install Now
Ukraine sends food aid to Syria, says Zelensky
arabnews
10 Most Expensive Restaurants in the World
Networthus.com
Learn More
North Korean soldier captured in Ukraine died from injuries – South Korea’s spy agency
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
Brighton draws 0-0 with Brentford in lackluster Premier League encounter
The result leaves Brighton in 10th place with 26 points, one spot and two points ahead of the Bees
Updated 28 December 2024
AP
December 27, 2024 21:48
77
     

LONDON: Brighton had most of the chances but could not find the net in a 0-0 draw with Brentford that extended the south coast club’s winless run in the Premier League to six games on Friday.
It was a frustrating night for the home side and especially Julio Enciso. The Paraguay striker had a host of opportunities to score but couldn’t make them count.
Along with Southampton, Brentford has the worst away record in the league with seven losses and two draws and it was easy to see why in this toothless performance.
Brentford had an early goal from Yoane Wissa ruled out for offside and, although it came a bit more into the game in the second half, it failed to pressure Icelandic goalkeeper Hakon Valdimarsson, who made his Premier League debut eight minutes before halftime when Mark Flekken went off with a thigh injury.
One bright spot for the home side was the return of winger Solly March. He came on as a late substitute to make his first appearance for Brighton since injuring a knee against Manchester City 14 months ago.
The result leaves Brighton in 10th place with 26 points, one spot and two points ahead of the Bees.

       Follow
Topics: BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION BRENTFORD ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE (EPL)
RELATED
 51
Arsenal moves up to second in the Premier League with a 1-0 win over Ipswich
 342
Liverpool host Foxes, Arsenal prepare for life without Saka
Arsenal moves up to second in the Premier League with a 1-0 win over Ipswich
Updated 28 December 2024
AP
December 27, 2024 22:32
51
     

LONDON: Arsenal moved up to second place in the Premier League with a 1-0 home win against Ipswich on Friday.
Mikel Arteta’s side is six points behind leader Liverpool, which has a game in hand.
Second-bottom Ipswich had won two of its last three away games but was up against it from the start at the Emirates.
The visitors did not have one touch in the Gunners’ box during the first 45 minutes and, although Ipswich showed signs of life after the break, it was Arsenal which continued to dominate the game, marshaled by Declan Rice in midfield.
Kai Havertz got the only goal midway through the first half when he knocked in a cross from Leandro Trossard.
Havertz, Rice, Mikel Merino, Martin Odegaard and Gabriel Jesus all had chances but none of them could add to Arsenal’s tally.
“It’s so tough, every team is tough to break down,” Havertz said. “They fight for each other and at the end we’re very proud for the win.”
Arsenal is a point above third-place Chelsea and two points clear of season surprise team Nottingham Forest in fourth.
Seagulls and Bees share the points on south coast
Brighton had most of the chances but could not find the net in a 0-0 draw with Brentford that extended the south coast club’s winless run to six league games.
It was a frustrating night for the home side and especially Julio Enciso. The Paraguay striker had a host of opportunities to score but couldn’t make them count.
Along with Southampton, Brentford has the worst away record in the league with seven losses and two draws and it was easy to see why in this toothless performance.
Brentford had an early goal from Yoane Wissa ruled out for offside and, although it came a bit more into the game in the second half, it failed to pressure Icelandic goalkeeper Hakon Valdimarsson, who made his Premier League debut eight minutes before halftime when Mark Flekken went off with a thigh injury.
One bright spot for the home side was the return of winger Solly March. He came on as a late substitute to make his first appearance for Brighton since injuring a knee against Manchester City 14 months ago.
The result leaves Brighton in 10th place with 26 points, one spot and two points ahead of the Bees.

       Follow
Topics: ARSENAL IPSWICH ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE (EPL)
RELATED
 131
Jota rescues 10-man Liverpool in Fulham draw, Arsenal frustrated
 87
Corner kings Arsenal beat Man Utd to close gap on Liverpool
Ex-Turkiye boss Terim named Al-Shabab coach
Terim won the 2000 UEFA Cup with Galatasary
Updated 27 December 2024
AFP
December 27, 2024 22:04
135
     

RIYADH: Former Turkiye and Galatasaray coach Fatih Terim was appointed Al-Shabab boss on Friday.
Terim, who won the 2000 UEFA Cup with the Turkish outfit, replaces Victor Pereira in charge of the sixth place team in the Saudi Pro League.
The 71-year-old’s last job was with Greece’s Panathinaikos, but he left at the end of last season.

In Saudi Arabia, Terim will overlook a squad including Belgium winger Yannick Carrasco and Italy midfielder Giacomo Bonaventura.
Terim is set to work under Al-Shabab’s director of football, former Juventus and Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedved.
“Having been a player with Juventus for years, he’s also done a lot as a director of football,” Terim told reporters at Istanbul airport before flying to start his new job.
“I’m very happy to be with him, I think he was a great footballer, a great name and an important symbol,” the former AC Milan and Fiorentina boss added.
 

 

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA SAUDI PRO LEAGUE SPL AL-SHABAB
RELATED
 417
Al-Hilal out to banish minor slump against Riyadh rivals Al-Shabab
 268
Al-Shabab crowned winners of Women’s Futsal Tournament 2024 in Riyadh
Hosts Kuwait held by Qatar, Oman and UAE play out draw in Arabian Gulf Cup
101st-minute equalizer rescued point for Qatar
Oman progress, UAE crash out
Updated 27 December 2024
ARAB NEWS
December 27, 2024 20:42
170
     

LONDON: Group A of the Arabian Gulf Cup came to its conclusion on Friday, with hosts Kuwait and Oman both securing the points they needed to progress to the semifinals.

Kuwait thought they had beaten their Gulf rivals with a goal from Mohammad Daham in the 74th minute of the match at the Jaber Al-Ahmad International Stadium in Kuwait City.

But a 101st-minute equalizer from Mohammed Muntari deep into stoppage time rescued some pride for the Qataris, who crashed out of the tournament by failing to win.

In the day’s other match, Oman faced the UAE in another crucial encounter.

The match ended in a 1-1 draw, which secured Oman’s advancement to the next stage and brought the UAE’s campaign to an end.

Al-Ahli Dubai midfielder Yahya Al-Ghassani had given the Emiratis a half-time lead, but they were pegged back by an Abdulrahman Al-Mushaifri equalizer 11 minutes from the end.

The group stages of the Arabian Gulf Cup conclude on Saturday with the final matches in Group B.

Saudi Arabia need a victory against Iraq to guarantee a semifinal spot, while already-qualified Bahrain will look to make it three wins from three when they play Yemen.

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER ARABIAN GULF CUP 26TH GULF CUP KUWAIT QATAR OMAN UAE
RELATED
 666
Saudi Arabia leave it late to down Yemen in Gulf Cup
 261
Saudi striker Saleh Al-Shehri out of remainder of Gulf Cup after injury in first match
Latest Updates
Indian state funeral for former PM Manmohan Singh
 11
Health officials say Israeli forces detain director of north Gaza hospital
 57
Saudi startup investment shifts focus to AI, enterprise software, and SMEs
 93
Edtech in Saudi Arabia: revolutionizing education through innovation
 112
Saudi Arabia’s oil legacy fuels shift to renewable energy hub
 40
Recommended
SAUDI ARABIA
How Saudi organizations are building a sustainable future for wildlife
 155
SAUDI ARABIA
Why 2024 was a pivotal year for AI adoption and innovation in Saudi Arabia
 230
MIDDLE-EAST
2024 Year in Review: Conflict keeps Sudanese trapped in a nightmare without end
 906
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2570623/sport 
 ----- 
