Skip to content
Subscribe Now
32°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Skubal sharp to win fourth straight as Tigers beat last-place A’s 7-3
Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Tarik Skubal delivers to an Oakland Athletics batter during the fourth inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 21, 2023, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/D. Ross Cameron)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 22, 2023 at 1:27 AM EDT

By Michael Wagaman

OAKLAND, Calif. — Tarik Skubal had a season-high 10 strikeouts in seven strong innings for his fourth consecutive win, and the Detroit Tigers handed the Athletics their eighth consecutive loss, beating Oakland 7-3 on Thursday night.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

Kerry Carpenter had his ninth multi-hit game this month and the 34th of the season for Detroit. Matt Vierling added two hits, an RBI and scored twice for the Tigers, who are 6-2 on their final road trip of the season.

Brent Rooker hit his 28th home run for the last-place A’s (46-107), who need to win their final nine games to avoid matching the 1979 A’s (54-108) for the most losses in Oakland history.

A’s manager Mark Kotsay’s team committed three errors, hit into two double plays and failed to advance a runner past first base in their latest setback.

1 of 6

Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Luis Medina jumps over Detroit Tigers' Zach McKinstry (39), who slides into third base after hitting a double and advancing on an error during the fifth inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 21, 2023, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/D. Ross Cameron)

Skubal (7-3), who was born in Hayward 20 minutes south of Oakland, had another strong outing for Detroit while pitching in front of a small crowd of 6,160 at the Coliseum. The left-hander allowed two hits, an infield single in the third and a ball that center fielder Parker Meadows appeared to drop but was ruled a hit in the second inning.

Skubal walked one and had at least one strikeout in every inning he pitched. He finished one strikeout shy of his career high while winning for the second time in four career starts at the Coliseum.

Over his last three games Skubal has allowed one run in 19 innings, a 0.47 ERA.

Tigers reliever Brenan Hanifee retired six batters in his major league debut to complete the game. Hanifee threw a wild pitch that allowed the A’s to score their first run in the ninth before Rooker’s solo drive to center.

Detroit’s offense got going early.

Vierling blooped Luis Medina’s first pitch into right field and landed just past a diving Brent Rooker for a double. After moving to third on a flyout, Vierling scored when A’s shortstop Nick Allen fielded Spencer Torkelson’s grounder then threw wildly to the plate for an error.

Andy Ibáñez followed with an RBI triple that skipped past center fielder Esteury Ruiz and rolled to the wall, scoring Torkelson.

Vierling drove in Parker Meadows when he bounced a single up the middle in the sixth .to make it 3-0 Zach McKinstry followed with a sharp double to right, and Vierling scored when Brent Rooker’s throw was wide and missed the cutoff man for another A’s error. McKinstry then scored on a balk by Oakland pitcher Luis Medina (3-10)

The Tigers led 6-0 following Ibáñez’s RBI single off Mason Miller in the eighth.

Medina, who last won on July 18, allowed five runs and six hits in five innings. He is the first A’s rookie pitcher to lose 10 games or more since 2017 when Daniel Gossett and Jharel Cotton both did it.

WINE FOR MIGGY

As part of Miguel Cabrera’s retirement tour in his final season, Kotsay presented the Tigers slugger with a magnum bottle of wine from nearby Napa Valley. Cabrera , who went 0 for 3 before being lifted for a pinch-hitter in the eighth, accepted the wine and raised the corked bottle as if taking a drink while walking off the field.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Athletics: OF J.J. Bleday (knee) will begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Las Vegas on Friday and could rejoin the big league club next week.

UP NEXT

Tigers RHP Sawyer Gipson-Long (1-0, 2.70 ERA) makes his third career start Friday night in Oakland. The Detroit rookie had 6 strikeouts in 10 innings over first two games. Athletics LHP Ken Waldichuk (3-8, 5.40) has six consecutive no-decisions going into the game and 15 overall this season, tying the franchise record for a starting pitcher shared by Ron Darling (1993).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Around the Web
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
New Senior Apartments in Taipei - Take a Look!
Senior Living | Search Ads
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Healthier Living
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
See How Much Nurses Make in The Canada. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in Canada
Need A loan for Your business in 2024? Take a Look at These Options
Business Loans | Search Ads
Home Invasion Leads to Breakthrough Solar Discovery (12x Better Than Panels)
Solar Switch
Scholarships for International Students
WishJobs
10 Must Do Things in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
10 Mobile Apps That Can Make You Money
Wish Jobs
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
22
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/22/skubal-sharp-to-win-fourth-straight-as-tigers-beat-last-place-as-7-3/ 
 ----- 
