Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Emotions sinking in ahead of Miggy's final week
Share
Emotions sinking in ahead of Miggy's final week
September 22nd, 2023

Jason Beck

@beckjason
Share

0:00

0:41

This story was excerpted from Jason Beck’s Tigers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

The days are dwindling for Miguel Cabrera as a baseball player. He can feel it now.

As his 21st, and final, Major League season nears an end, retirement feels real. It’s not just a farewell tour and gifts. It’s a conclusion.

“Yeah, it’s getting emotional,” he admitted last Sunday morning in his corner of the visiting clubhouse at Angel Stadium. “Can’t stop thinking about it.”

Once the Tigers return to Comerica Park next week for the final homestand, it’s going to truly hit home. For all the amazing moments we’ve seen from Cabrera over the years -- the serious, driven competitor, the fun-loving kid at heart, the supportive teammate, the quiet leader -- we’re about to see an emotional side of Cabrera we’ve rarely witnessed.

“I’m sure it’ll be pretty emotional for him and for us,” teammate Tarik Skubal said. “I think it’ll be emotional for me, too. We’ll see how he handles it. I was a part of Jordan Zimmermann’s last game [as a Tiger, in 2020]. He opened the game and I came in and pitched next. He was emotional when he came out, and I was down in the tunnel, and so was I. And I had known him for six weeks.

“I’m not looking forward to it. I’m not looking forward to that last game he suits up for us. It doesn’t seem real yet.”

Eduardo Rodriguez knows how this goes. He was with the Red Sox for David Ortiz’s final season in 2016.

“It feels like Miggy’s taking it much better,” Rodriguez said. “Miggy’s enjoying it. He’s going out there every day, he’s playing every game they put him out there, and he’s just enjoying it. That’s what I really take from it. It’s kind of like he’s not really going to retire. That’s the way that I feel about it. He’s taking it like another season. I think that’s the way that he’s controlling that part of it. He’s not thinking, ‘OK, this is my last game here.’

“I don’t feel that sadness [yet] that we’re going to feel next week. Everybody’s going to feel it, including him.”

Rodriguez isn’t ready for that yet. 

“No. Nobody is,” he said, “including you guys. Nobody’s ready for that. That’s how I felt with Papi: Nobody was ready until that last game. I remember after we finished the season in Boston. We all went in the clubhouse and he came out on the field for the home fans. We saw it on TV because we were already inside. He started crying and that’s when you really felt it, like he’s gone. That’s how I feel it’s going to be with Miggy.”

Related
Miguel Cabrera's Top 11 moments

April 18th, 2024

'We need his influence': Miggy back at camp as special assistant

March 12th, 2024

Tigers' clubhouse 'a little quieter' without Miggy

February 15th, 2024

Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Turns out it has already been getting emotional for Cabrera. He just hasn’t shown it.

Part of it undoubtedly is the uncertainty of what’s next. For two decades, Cabrera has had most of his days mapped out on an itinerary, whether based on a baseball schedule or offseason workouts. After next Sunday, that schedule is wide open.

Cabrera has talked with manager A.J. Hinch and others with the club about a role in retirement, something along the lines of a special assistant. He might not spend his summers traversing the farm system like Hall of Famer Alan Trammell -- nobody does it like Tram -- but he wants to be around to contribute. He wants to pass down his knowledge and love of the game.

“I want to stay with this team and help, do something,” he said. “I don’t want to be coaching. I want to move around. …

“Let’s see what happens. But I want to be around these guys. These guys, they’re special. They’re growing right now. They’re maturing. I think next year they’re going to be better.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miguel Cabrera
Detroit Tigers

Senior Reporter Jason Beck has covered the Tigers for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/miguel-cabrera-s-final-homestand-with-tigers-approaching 
 ----- 
