Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
A’s rally to beat Tigers, 8-2, and end 8-game losing streak
Oakland Athletics pitcher Ken Waldichuk works against the Detroit Tigers during the first inning of a baseball game in Oakland, Calif., Friday, Sept. 22, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
By ALZHEIMER'S ASSOCIATION MICHIGAN CHAPTER
PUBLISHED: September 23, 2023 at 12:55 AM EDT

By Michael Waganab

OAKLAND, Calif. — Shea Langeliers hit a pinch-hit three-run home run in the sixth inning, and the Oakland Athletics rallied to end their eight-game losing streak with an 8-2 win over Detroit on Friday night, spoiling another milestone for Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

All-Star Brent Rooker hit his 29th home run for the last-place A’s (47-107), who won for the first time since Sept. 12 and avoided tying the team’s Oakland-era record for most losses in a season.

Cabrera, the two-time MVP who plans to retire at season’s end, hit his 624th career double off starter Ken Waldichuk in the fourth inning, tying Hank Aaron for the 13th most in major league history. It was the 3,168th hit of Cabrera’s career, 16th in majors history.

Waldichuk (4-8) tied his season-high with seven strikeouts and allowed two runs and four hits in six innings for his first win as a starter since May 6. Two of his other wins came in relief.

Lucas Erceg, Dany Jiménez and Zach Neal each retired three batters to complete the five-hitter.

1 of 6

Oakland Athletics' Tony Kemp, bottom, is checked on by manager Mark Kotsay, left, third base coach Eric Martins, middle, and a trainer after reaching second base during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game against the Detroit Tigers in Oakland, Calif., Friday, Sept. 22, 2023. Kemp remained in the game. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

The A’s scored a run in the first off Tigers starter Sawyer Gipson-Long but couldn’t manage much else offensively until Tigers’ manager A.J. Hinch made a pitching change after five innings with Detroit ahead 2-1.

Rooker hit the first pitch from reliever Will Vest (2-1) over the fence in center for a tying home run. Tony Kemp reached on a fielding error by shortstop Javier Báez, rolled his right ankle and slowly trotted to second on Lawrence Butler’s single to right. After a strikeout, Langeliers hit a 2-0 fastball from Tyler Holton into the left field stands.

Esteury Ruiz had a two-run single in the seventh to make it 7-2. Butler added a sacrifice fly.

Gipson-Long worked around three walks and allowed one run and four hits in five innings of his third major league start. The right-hander retired 10 of 11 during one stretch, then pitched out of a jam in the fifth when he got Seth Brown to fly out to center with the bases loaded.

FINALLY A LEAD

During their long losing streak the A’s had never led but broke that stretch quickly on Ryan Noda’s leadoff single in the first followed by rookie Zack Gelof’s RBI double into the left field corner. It was Gelof’s 20th single in 61 games since being called up after the All-Star break.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Tigers: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez, who left his previous start early due to back spasms, threw a bullpen session before the game and take his regular turn in the rotation Sunday in the series finale.

Athletics: Kemp was removed from the game and diagnosed with a right ankle sprain. … OF J.J. Bleday (knee) began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Las Vegas.

UP NEXT

Athletics rookie RHP Joe Boyle (0-0, 0.00 ERA) makes his second career start Saturday against Detroit. Acquired from the Reds at the trade deadline, Boyle had four strikeouts in three innings against the Padres on Sept. 17. The Tigers have not named a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
See How Much Nurses Make in The Canada. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in Canada
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Healthier Living
New Senior Apartments in Taipei - Take a Look!
Senior Living | Search Ads
Need A loan for Your business in 2024? Take a Look at These Options
Business Loans | Search Ads
Best Ways To Make $100 Fast (Every Day Online)
Wish Jobs
10 Must Do Things in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
Beyond Fear: Conquer the World's Deadliest Locations
Viral Vacation Ideas
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
23
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/23/as-rally-to-beat-tigers-8-2-and-end-8-game-losing-streak/ 
 ----- 
