Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Advertisement
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Why the Oakland A's Miguel Cabrera retirement gift is causing such backlash
Ayrton Ostly, Usa Today
Sat, Sep 23, 2023·4 min read
115
Oakland Athletics manager Mark Kotsay (7) presents a gift to Detroit Tigers designated hitter Miguel Cabrera (24) before the game between the Detroit Tigers and the Oakland Athletics at Oakland Coliseum in Oakland, California, on Thursday, Sept. 21, 2023.
More

Miguel Cabrera will retire after the 2023 season as one of the most decorated players in MLB history. The accolades are monumental for the Detroit Tigers star: two-time MVP, 12-time All-Star, seven-time silver slugger, and four-time batting champion.

“I thought, I'm not going to say 'never', but I think it's time to say goodbye to baseball," Cabrera told MLB.com before the season.

His final season was set up as a farewell tour. Teams across the league had a chance throughout the year to show their appreciation with gifts.

This week, the Tigers head to Oakland for a road series against the A's. Before the first game of the series Thursday, A's manager Mark Kotsay gave Cabrera a bottle of wine as a gift on behalf of the franchise. Without full context, it seems like a nice gesture.

https://t.co/q0bxbwDzM9 pic.twitter.com/ujClV7Jfno

— Gabriel Hernandez (@gamer_athletics) September 22, 2023

But this is a player who's gone through treatment programs for alcoholism after facing a DUI charge in 2011 and a separate alcohol-related incident in 2009. The Tigers specifically had non-alcoholic champagne available in their locker room to celebrate their division title in 2012, when Cabrera was on the team.

Two teams made similar mistakes: the Houston Astros and Miami Marlins. The Marlins gave Cabrera a bottle of rum with a box of cigars. The Astros' gift was a bottle of wine from manager Dusty Baker's personal vineyard along with a custom cowboy hat.

The A's bottle of wine gift? It's $79.97 at Total Wine and More. Nowhere near as much thought as other teams' gifts.

The Oakland A's gave Miguel Cabrera a $90 bottle of wine. https://t.co/lMnwcHdy1O pic.twitter.com/Efy2HNcXEI

— Danny Vietti (@DannyVietti) September 22, 2023

Opinion: On pivotal day in A's history, fans learn passion of 'reverse boycott' no match for greed

What have other teams given Miguel Cabrera for retirement gifts?

The farewell tour's been a chance for many teams to give Cabrera memorable gifts personalized to their cities.

The Los Angeles Dodgers unveiled a personal Hollywood star for the 12-time All-Star on Monday before their series. Days earlier, the Los Angeles Angels gave Cabrera a surfboard with a list of his MLB achievements on it.

The Dodgers gave Miggy a Hollywood star for his retirement pic.twitter.com/NrpMWI1ESm

— Talkin’ Baseball (@TalkinBaseball_) September 19, 2023

The Cleveland Guardians gave Cabrera a guitar, a befitting gift from the home of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Earlier this month, the New York Yankees gave Cabrera a signed subway sign, a painting of him going deep from a pitch from Mariano Rivera, and donated $10,000 to his foundation.

The Yankees gifted Miguel Cabrera a signed subway sign, $10,000 to his foundation, and a painting of him taking Mariano Rivera deep pic.twitter.com/IQ4Ct4mtV6

— Talkin’ Baseball (@TalkinBaseball_) September 5, 2023

Hall of Famer Iván Rodríguez, who won a World Series with Cabrera in 2003, presented him with framed photos of the two of them on behalf of the Texas Rangers. The team also gave him a saddle and donated $5,000 to his foundation.

The Texas Rangers gave Miguel Cabrera a saddle as a retirement gift. Hall of Famer @Pudge_Rodriguez, who won a World Series with the Marlins during Cabrera’s rookie season there in 2003, participated in the pregame ceremony at Globe Life Field.
pic.twitter.com/fCUHckIhfa

— Our Esquina (@OurEsquina) June 27, 2023

What have other retiring baseball stars received as gifts?

Farewell tour gifts have provided plenty of attention over the years for retiring stars of the sport. Who could forget the Colorado Rockies giving franchise icon Todd Helton a horse in 2013? Or the Milwaukee Brewers giving Chipper Jones a cookout kit and year's supply of sausages?

The Minnesota Twins gave legendary pitcher Rivera one of the most creative gifts: the "Chair of Broken Dreams," a chair made from all of the bats from Twins players he'd broken over the years.

#MNTwins honoring the career of retiring closer Mariano Rivera by presenting him with a “Chair of Broken Dreams.” pic.twitter.com/XqQG7iIpxi

— Minnesota Twins (@Twins) July 2, 2013

Rivera also received a framed gold record of Metallica's "Enter Sandman" — the pitcher's walk up song for decades.

In all instances, these gifts involved much more thought, time, and creativity than the retirement gift the A's gave one of the best hitters of a generation.

MLB's super star: How ridiculous was Shohei Ohtani's 2023 season? MLB star could still earn second MVP Award despite injuries

This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: A's gift to Miguel Cabrera falls remarkably short of other farewell tour gifts

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL coaching requests, hires: Full list of teams and names being pursued

Feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of NFL interview news? Let Yahoo Sports help.

4d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College football bowl schedule, results ahead of CFP title game

From the IS4S Salute to Veterans Bowl on Dec. 14 to the College Football Playoff National Championship Game on Jan. 20, 82 teams will play in at least one postseason game.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Patrick Surtain II takes over as NFL Defensive Player of the Year betting favorite

Patrick Surtain II is vying to be the seventh cornerback to win DPOY.

9d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL MVP odds still favor Josh Allen, but Lamar Jackson is closing the gap

The NFL MVP race might come down to the end of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers says he'll decide 'whether or not I want to play' after the season ends

Rodgers told reporters Wednesday that, unless the Jets release him, he will contemplate his football future once the season is over.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Herbert shines as Chargers get impressive win over Patriots to clinch playoff spot

The Chargers will be a wild-card team in the AFC bracket.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
NASCAR guarantees Helio Castroneves a spot in Daytona 500 through a new provisional

Starting in 2025, star drivers who haven't competed in NASCAR are eligible to automatically qualify for a Cup Series race.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Hideki Matsuyama avoids disaster after driver flies out of hands at Sony Open in Hawaii

Matsuyama nearly hit someone with his driver on a tee shot. He proceeded to birdie the hole.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
All 49 possible Super Bowl matchups, ranked

Some Super Bowl matchups are atrocious and unthinkable, some are transcendent and we should only get so lucky.

5d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/why-oakland-miguel-cabrera-retirement-212715306.html 
 ----- 
