Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Manchester United
Mason Greenwood: Man Utd Reach Agreement In Principle To Finally Offload Winger For Cut-price Fee
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Man Utd reach agreement in principle to finally offload winger for cut-price fee
Rob McCarthy
16 Jul 2024 4:26 PM

Mason Greenwood is poised for a permanent Man Utd exit

Mason Greenwood’s time at Manchester United finally appears to be drawing to a permanent close after a deal was agreed in principle over an exit this summer.

The England international returned to United’s training ground on Monday to hold talks with the club’s newly-formed football leadership team to help facilitate an exit from Old Trafford.

The Red Devils attacker has attracted interest from a host of European clubs after a successful season-long loan spell with Getafe last term. He scored 10 goals in 36 appearances for the Spanish outfit to leave the likes of Marseille, Benfica, Borussia Dortmund, Juventus, Napoli and Lazio all chasing his signature.

Greenwood has not represented United since he was arrested in January 2022 and was made available for transfer after the Old Trafford outfit confirmed in August last year that they had abandoned their plan to bring the forward back into the first-team squad.

DIVE DEEPER: Transfer Tracker: Updated midfield targets for Man Utd, Liverpool as Ten Hag nabs German standout and Slot goes Dutch

It was decided that Greenwood would resume his career away from the club after the UK’s Crown Prosecution Service discontinued the case against him after key witnesses withdrew their cooperation. Greenwood denied all the allegations that were made against him.

And it now appears that he will seal a permanent exit away from Manchester after Marseille held off a late challenge from Lazio to seemingly secure his signature.

Ad

The Ligue 1 side already had a deal in place, which was subject to Greenwood’s approval. And TT have been told that has now arrived in verbal form and work continues in an effort to finalise the high-profile switch.

As per David Ornstein, Greenwood must still travel to France, undergo a medical and put pen to paper before the proposed transfer can be sealed.

However, the fact that the talented 22-year-old has verbally accepted the chance to join up with new Marseille boss Roberto De Zerbi is a massive step forward in the process for him to kickstart his career.

Greenwood poised for bargain Marseille switch

The deal is worth €31.6million (£26.7m), comprising €27.6m (£23.3m) fixed and €4m (£3.4m) in add-ons, plus a large share of any future sale.

That fee represents tremendous value for a player who is still in the early stages of his career and could prove to be a massive hit in French football.

Ad

Greenwood made his debut for United in 2019 and scored 35 goals in 129 appearances for the club.

READ NEXT: Man Utd laughing after major Liverpool blunder allows Dan Ashworth to agree spectacular signing

He will follow the likes of Raphael Varane, Anthony Martial, Donny van de Beek, Willy Kambwala and Brandon Williams out the exit door this summer.

In terms of incomings, United have already landed a new striker in the form of Bologna’s Joshua Zirkzee and are closing in on a centre-back deal for either Matthijs De Ligt or more likely Lille’s Leny Yoro.

Ad
Question 1
Andre Onana joined Man Utd from Inter. Who did he join Inter from?
use 
hint
Ajax
Barcelona
Feyenoord
Napoli

Manchester United
Marseille
Mason Greenwood
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Ciaran McCarthy
04 Dec 2024
The 13 players who left Man Utd this summer and how they’re faring with next step

TEAMtalk has taken an in-depth look into how each of the 13 players who left Manchester United in the summer are faring since either being sold, loaned out, or let go

Manchester United
Scott McTominay
Ciaran McCarthy
02 Dec 2024
Real Madrid, Barcelona battle for explosive signing of divisive former Man Utd star on in 2025

Real Madrid are among three huge clubs tracking the former Manchester United man, with a move to benefit the Red Devils financially

Mason Greenwood
Barcelona
Ciaran McCarthy
20 Oct 2024
Mason Greenwood considering shock return with new manager to help resurrect his career

The winger thinks he could have one final chance with a huge side after an upcoming conversation with the manager

Mason Greenwood
Thomas Tuchel
Steve Pearson
09 Oct 2024
Paul Pogba in ‘advanced discussions’ for stunning reunion with Man Utd old boy in January

Juventus are expected to mutually terminate Pogba's contract and the Frenchman is reportedly in 'advanced' talks over forging a surprise link-up with a former Man Utd prodigy in January

Mason Greenwood
Paul Pogba
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
19 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
20 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Carragher declares Liverpool, Alexander-Arnold contract outcome after revealing what Real Madrid approach REALLY means
01 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/mason-greenwood-man-utd-reach-agreement-principle-finally-offload-winger-for-cut-price-fee 
 ----- 
