Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Features
Rating Every Springboks Player From Ireland Series As ‘sensational’ Forward Shines Alongside ‘freakish’ Rookie
Rating every Springboks player from Ireland series as ‘sensational’ forward shines alongside ‘freakish’ rookie
Jared Wright
16 Jul 2024 3:53 PM
4

Our Springboks player ratings in the series against Ireland.

Following the drawn series between the Springboks and Ireland, we take a look back at the two-Test epic and rate each of Rassie Erasmus’ charges out of 10.

Overall, it is a mixed bag for the back-to-back World Cup champions, who performed stunningly in the first Test only to underwhelm in the second.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

In a rare occurrence, the Springboks also named an unchanged matchday 23 for the second Test, something that has only happened three times since 2018.

A poor first-half performance in the second Test in Durban was backed up by a remarkable comeback, only for the Boks to be outdone by two brilliant drop goals by replacement Ireland back Ciaran Frawley – leaving the Boks with a sense of what could have been.

With the dust settling on the series, we rated all 23 of the Springboks who featured against Ireland out of 10.

Outside backs

Willie le Roux: The conductor of the Springboks’ attack, even under the stewardship of new coach Tony Brown, Le Roux continued to impress with his playmaking prowess in the first Test. It’s no coincidence that the attack looked at its best with him on the pitch while he was safe at the back, too. But all of this was in the first Test match, as he managed to play just two minutes of the second before being forced off with a head knock and failing his subsequent HIA. 7

Cheslin Kolbe A blockbuster in the first Test as he came up with crucial interventions, including a brilliant clearance from just in front of his try line and an opportunistic try as he chased lost causes and was rewarded after James Lowe attempted to keep the ball in play from a kick to touch. He was simply sensational in the first Test and while he didn’t reach those heights in Durban, he was still solid throughout. One of the best in the business and a key cog in that Bok backline. 8

Kurt-Lee Arendse: A try scorer in Test I as he continues his incredible strike rate in international rugby, having dotted down 14 times in 16 matches. Arendse was strong defensively once again, and his all-court game shone as he contested well in the air and threatened whenever he got the ball. Despite putting in solid performances, he was not really a standout and didn’t reproduce the kind of form that saw him soar during the latter stages of the Bulls’ season. 6

Centres

Damian de Allende: Perhaps the backline player whose game has been the most influenced since Brown’s addition to the coaching staff as the powerhouse centre has been tasked with shifting the ball on far more than he was last year. In Test I, he completed 12 passes and made five carries and that theme continued in Test II with five carries and seven passes. Still, the ever-present number 12 produced two nigh-on error-free performances on both sides of the ball without being a superstar in the backline. Underrated, perhaps, but he was the glue. 7

Jesse Kriel: Is there a more in-form number 13 in Test rugby at the moment? Probably not. Kriel has made the jersey his own once again following Lukhanyo Am’s pre-Rugby World Cup injury and has been sensational in doing so. He was a rock in defence throughout 2023 and has continued to be so in 2024, making crucial interventions throughout both Tests. Like many of his peers, he was far better in Pretoria than in Durban, as we rated him a 9/10, dropping two ratings a week later. Still, he was extremely effective against arguably the most organised attack in international rugby. 8

Half-backs

Handré Pollard: A tough day off the tee in Test I before knocking over all of his shots at goal a week later. Pollard had bright spells on attack with Brown’s new system, but he also had dull moments. In hindsight, the 6/10 rating in Test II was rather harsh as the return to type and kick-heavy tactics in the second half were executed well by the veteran fly-half and ultimately got the Boks back into the contest. All-in-all, above average and still a crucial player in the set-up despite calls for his dropping. 6

Ad

Faf de Klerk: The Irish ruck tactics made life hell for the livewire half-back across both Test matches and while he managed to eke out a couple of penalties in Pretoria, his luck ran out in Durban. He was still a real pest on defence, but he will be disappointed by his errors and his kicking accuracy throughout the two Tests. 4

Grant Williams: He came off the bench in both Tests and made a real positive impact on both games. His speed of service took the Bok attack up a notch in Test I, and his kicking display in Test II was excellent. His clearance and chase to go from 22 to 22 was a real standout in the performance in Durban and he has certainly done his future prospects in the Bok number nine jersey a world of good. He racked up just 57 minutes across the two Tests, but he made every minute count. 7

Sacha Feinberg-Mngomezulu: It’s rather scary how well the 22-year-old has taken to Test rugby, earning his second and third Test caps in the series. He came off the bench for Pollard in the first Test for the final six minutes and hardly put a foot wrong. In the second, he played 78 minutes at full-back. It was the latter Test where we really got to see what he is capable of, and he did not disappoint. He sparked several threatening attacks with his stunning footwork while kicking well out of hand. He also looked freakishly unfussed by the aerial threats. He is not yet able to command the attack like Le Roux, but few, if any, are; there is no doubt that he will be in the Bok squad for a long time to come. 7

Loose forwards

Kwagga Smith: A surprise selection for many in the number eight jumper, and it did not start well for the brilliant back-rower who dropped a pair of high balls cold in Test I. However, he recovered well in that Test and in Durban to produce performances of a high quality, going the distance in both. He thrived with the ball in hand in both games, racking up over 30 metres in the first and over 50 in the second while still being able to be a pest at the breakdown. He is more suited to the side of the scrum, but the criticism levelled at him for his performances has been harsh. 6

Pieter-Steph du Toit: The Springboks’ best across the 160 minutes of rugby. Du Toit topped the tackle count in both matches, notching up 35 hits in the two Tests, and is another who has benefitted from his new role in Brown’s attacking patterns. He also skippered the side in the latter stages of both games and was a handy lineout option. Relentless, abrasive and downright superb, Du Toit was world-class and showed no sign of declining, sensational player. 9

Siya Kolisi: A different beast when he pulls on the Springboks jersey, Kolisi fronted criticism for his performances for Racing 92 but returned in fine nick for the Boks with a rampaging performance in Test I. He shone in the trams on attack and while it was a more understated performance in Durban, it was not a poor one. 6

Marco van Staden: A full hour for the Bulls flanker, and while he was unable to stamp his mark on the breakdown as much as he would have liked, he impressed on defence and made good yards with ball in hand. 6

Locks

Franco Mostert: Everyone knows what you get from the double World Cup-winning lock: sheer work rate on both sides of the ball. He also thrived with running the lineout – which he has been doing for some time – before he broke his leg in the second Test. Before that occurred, Mostert was once again solid. 7

Eben Etzebeth: Another relentless two performances from the veteran second-row who the Irish scrum-halves will be glad to see the back of after he pestered them with just about every box kick. Still, he was just as impactful on defence and with his carries and is also being relied on more as a playmaker in the pack. 6

Salmaan Moerat: Got on in the latter stages of the second Test but was given a healthy 30 minutes in the first. Simply, he got the job done with a solid performance and will be eager to step it up a gear as he becomes the 66th Bok captain in the Test against Portugal. 5

RG Snyman: An enormous physical presence in both Tests while his offloading game is paying dividends, but that came at a cost with a handful of turnovers conceded. He wasn’t able to run the lineout as effectively as Mostert, which he will need to improve on going forward. Still, the positives outweigh the negatives. 6

Ad
Where will South Africa finish in the Rugby Championship?
1st
2nd
3rd
4th

 

Props

Frans Malherbe: After struggling in the scrums in Test I, he dominated in Test II. Ireland did target him around the rucks and grabbed a try in the first Test by doing so. He is still a massive asset in the scrums, but he will want to improve. 4

Gerhard Steenekamp: A game-changing impact off the bench in Test I as he dominated in the scrums. He made a similar impact in Test II and looks set to be a regular squad member going forward. 7

Vincent Koch: Much like Steenekamp, Koch impressed off the bench in both Tests, particularly at scrum time, but also put in two handy defensive shifts twice. 7

Ox Nche: Player of the Match despite the Springboks losing the second Test, Nche was superb in Durban. There were some issues at the set-piece in Test I but he did his homework and took charge while also impressing around the park. 7

Hookers

Bongi Mbonambi: Much like Mostert, you know what you are getting from Mbonambi week in and week out; solid defence, strong carries, good breakdown work and accurate set-pieces. The last of those was perhaps the only concerning bit of his two performances, with a few shaky lineouts, but an average score seems rather fitting for his lofty standards. 5

Malcolm Marx: After such a lengthy spell on the sidelines, Marx was never going to be expected to be back at his absolute best, but he showed signs that he would be getting there quickly. Hopefully, the injury he sustained from the croc roll will not sideline him for long. 6

READ MORE: Springboks v Ireland: Five takeaways as Boks are ‘dominated’ and Doris ‘dark arts’ sees Irish home

Features
Bongi Mbonambi
Cheslin Kolbe
Damian de Allende
Eben Etzebeth
Franco Mostert
Frans Malherbe
Gerhard Steenekamp
Grant Williams
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
1 hour ago
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list

Owen Farrell features in the same list that Siya Kolisi did during his first season in the Top 14.

Adam Kyriacou
1 hour ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks

French publication L'Equipe have named their Team of the Year.

Colin Newboult
22 hours ago
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker

Our URC Team of the Week after the Round Nine action.

Colin Newboult
31 Dec 2024
Nine players to watch in 2025: Ireland starlet ‘gunning’ for Lions role after breakthrough year while South African ‘tearaway’ to become ‘top-class’ Springbok

Picking our players to watch for 2025 after another thrilling year in the sport.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
12 minutes ago
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
1 hour ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
1 hour ago
4
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
3 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
3 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/rating-every-springboks-player-from-ireland-series-as-sensational-forward-shines-alongside-freakish-rookie 
 ----- 
