     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Policy Brief  Understanding Malaysia’s decline in PISA scores: causes and consequences
Uncategorized
Understanding Malaysia’s decline in PISA scores: causes and consequences
by Calvin Cheng -
16 July 2024

by Sofea Azahar and Calvin Cheng, June 2024

Read in PDF

About the contributors

Sofea Azahar is a former analyst at the Institute of Strategic & International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia. Her research interests centred on development economics, with an emphasis on human capital development and the implications of educational inequality. She holds an MSc in Development Studies from the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) and a degree in Economics from the University of Essex.

Calvin Cheng is a fellow in the Economics, Trade and Regional Integration programme at the Institute of Strategic & International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia. His research interests span issues in applied economics, centring around jobs, social protection, economic development and the design of social transfer programmes. He holds a MSc in Public Policy from the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) and a BEcon in Economics and Econometrics from Monash University in Clayton.

Key takeaways

The 2022 PISA report reveals that Malaysia ranks among the top five countries in the world with the largest declines in test scores across all three core subjects: reading, mathematics and science. We estimate that these declines equate to nearly 1.6 years of lost learning in mathematics, reading (1.4 years) and science (1.1 years).
Since 2015, Malaysia’s PISA scores have been on the decline, with average scores in all three subjects falling below the ASEAN-6 average in 2022. Our analysis suggests that Malaysia’s average PISA scores are slightly lower than expected for its income level – signifying potential future challenges with human capital development, productivity and economic growth.
Four primary factors are likely to have contributed to these declines: (1) learning losses caused by pandemic-induced school closures and digital disparities; (2) a growing educational gap between public and private schools; and (3) deficiencies in education quality, capacity and support.
To address these hurdles, policymakers must prioritise efforts to increase teaching capacity and quality, outlining a concrete action plan to make up for pandemic-induced learning losses and increasing educational equality.
Policy efforts should focus on improving teaching capacity by allowing teachers more time to teach by reducing their non-teaching clerical tasks while improving teaching quality through streamlining existing professional development initiatives and improving selection mechanisms.
To make up for learning losses from Covid-19, school administrators should accelerate the implementation of targeted learning programmes for at-risk and low-performing students beyond school hours. Additionally, these targeted educational interventions need to be paired with robust student psychosocial support systems within schools.
Policymakers should also work to enhance digital inclusion and expand the digital capacity of public schools, including scaling up existing digital literacy programmes to bridge digital divides between more advantaged students and those from less-advantaged backgrounds. This should be complemented by measures to equalise prior-to-schooling determinants, such as broadening access to quality early childhood care and education.

 

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Calvin Cheng
Calvin is a Fellow in the Economics, Trade, and Regional Integration division at the Institute of Strategic and International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia, where he leads the Institute's Economics research. His work spans issues in applied economics, including labour markets, social protection, economic development, and the design of public policy instruments such as transfer and benefit programmes. Calvin's research has been published in journals like the National Bureau of Asian Research's (NBR) Asia Policy and the Japan Economic Foundation’s Spotlight, and his work has been featured in numerous media outlets including Forbes, Al Jazeera, and Nikkei Asia. Calvin has collaborated and consulted for federal and state governments, international organizations like the World Bank, and multinational corporations such as Google. He holds a Master of Science in Public Policy from the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) and a Bachelor of Economics in Econometrics from Monash University Clayton.
By: Calvin Cheng
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/07/16/understanding-malaysias-decline-in-pisa-scores-causes-and-consequences/ 
 ----- 
