Nations League & Women's EURO
Live football scores & stats
Get
Skip to main content
UEFA.com
Home
About
National Associations
Running Competitions
Development
Sustainability
News & Media
You may be also interested in:
Match calendar
Store (national teams)
Store (clubs)
UEFA rankings
Tickets and hospitality
 
UEFA competitions
Clubs
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Conference League
UEFA Youth League
Under-20 Intercontinental Cup
National
European Qualifiers
UEFA EURO 2024
UEFA Nations League
Finalissima
UEFA Under-21
Women
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's European Qualifiers
UEFA Women's Nations League
Women's Finalissima
FIFA Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Under-19
UEFA Women's Under-17
Youth
UEFA Under-19
UEFA Under-17
UEFA Regions' Cup
Futsal
UEFA Futsal Champions League
UEFA Futsal EURO
Futsal Finalissima
UEFA Women's Futsal EURO
UEFA U-19 Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Women’s Futsal European Qualifiers
 
Log in
European Qualifiers
Matches
Draws
Video
News
About
Go back
Israel vs Iceland
Overview
Updates
Match info
Match summary
Gudmundsson hat-trick seals Iceland progression
Stunning free-kick preceded two close-range finishes
Zahavi missed chance to equalise with penalty
Israel's Revivo sent off after powerful tackle




Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

More from Thórarinsson: “Overall, a good performance, and obviously, I’m so happy for Albert [Gudmundsson]. He’s been doing brilliantly in Italy as well, so the sky is the limit for him. We’re proud of ourselves tonight.”


Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

Gudmundur Thórarinsson, Iceland defender, speaking to Uefa.com: “It’s been a long ride for us. We’ve been trying to build a team and I think it’s coming together for us now. I think we showed tonight that we can create chances. We defended well, even though they got two penalties. I don’t remember them creating a lot of big chances against us.”


Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

More from Glazer: “We have a really talented generation who’ve been amazing at the Mundialito and U21 EURO, but sometimes in the senior team, it’s different. We need to learn from this. We need to know how to protect a result; it’s not always about scoring goals and attacking football, sometimes you need to hold back, and remain compact, see out a 1-0 victory.”


Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

Omri Glazer, Israel goalkeeper, speaking to Uefa.com: “It’s very disappointing. We were one goal ahead and then we conceded two easy goals before half-time. It’s never easy when its 11 against ten, and sometimes you miss a penalty, it’s part of football. Then we gambled more. We lost, and we need to look in the mirror at what we did well, and what not so well.”


Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

More from Hareide: "Team spirit (was key tonight). We have a hard-working side, and a skilful side, with very young players like Óskársson and Haraldsson. We brought on more youngsters too, and that’s the future for Iceland. Today we had a little bit of luck as well, it could have been 2-2, and then it could have been more difficult for us.”


Andy ClarkReporting from Szusza Ferenc Stadion

Åge Hareide, Iceland coach, speaking to Uefa.com: “It was a very important victory for us because we were lacking goals earlier in qualification last year, and now we got Albert Gudmundsson back, and he showed that he’s a class player. The team performed well, we worked hard. Even when we fell one behind, we came back; there’s good morale in the team.”


Albert Gudmundsson became the 11th player to hit a hat-trick in EURO 2024 qualifying tonight. Find out the rest of the key goalscoring stats in the article below...


Lukaku clear as top scorer

The EURO 2024 play-off finals are set:

Path A: Wales vs Poland
Path B: Ukraine vs Iceland
Path C: Georgia vs Greece


Highlights, round-up: Greece, Poland and Wales through
Cookies

We and our third-party partners use cookies on our site to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and serve personalised content as detailed in our Cookie Policy. If you select ‘Accept all’, you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences or disable cookies, select ‘Cookie settings’.

Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.uefa.com/european-qualifiers/match/2039643--israel-vs-iceland/events/ 
 ----- 
