English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / Shakib Al Hasan returns to Bangladesh amidst ICC ODI World Cup 2023

Shakib Al Hasan returns to Bangladesh amidst ICC ODI World Cup 2023
A day after their 149-run loss to South Africa in the ongoing tournament, Hasan decided to travel back home to train with his mentor Nazmul Abedeen Faheem.

GARIMA RANAWAT
Author

Updated - 26 Oct 2023 05:28 AM

Credit: Twitter

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Shakib Al Hasan, Bangladesh's skipper for the ODI World Cup 2023, flew back to Bangladesh in the middle of the marquee ICC event. The Bangla all-rounder who clearly isn’t having a great campaign in India, returned home on Wednesday, October 25, while the rest of the team travelled to Kolkata for their forthcoming clashes against Netherlands and Pakistan on October 28 and 31, respectively. 


Follow:  ODI World Cup 2023 Live Score

A day after their 149-run loss to South Africa in the ongoing tournament, Hasan decided to travel back home to train with his mentor Nazmul Abedeen Faheem. After arriving in Dhaka, the cricketer went straight to the Shere Bangla National Stadium to work with Abedeen, which lasted for more than three hours. 

Cricketer’s mentor Faheem told ESPNcricinfo that they will train together for three days before he flies back to Kolkata for the upcoming matches. Faheem said, "He arrived today. We will be training for three days. Today, tomorrow and day after, and then he will return to Kolkata. We worked on his batting today." Faheem went on to say, "Shakib probably feels comfortable working this way. I am not sure what we are going to do next - I will take each session as he wants."

Speaking of their campaign in the ongoing tournament, the Bengal Tigers have managed to record only one win so far. With just two points in their account, they sit at the bottom-second spot in the standings. 

Shakib Al HasanICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/shakib-al-hasan-returns-to-bangladesh-amidst-icc-odi-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
