Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - OCTOBER 31: Cody Williams #5 of the Utah Jazz in action during the first half of a game against the San Antonio Spurs at Delta Center on October 31, 2024 in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Alex Goodlett/Getty Images)(Alex Goodlett)
Preview: Utah Jazz Look to Build Momentum Against Bucks 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 6, 20244:25 PM MST

Following a breakout offensive performance Monday night, the Utah Jazz look to start a winning streak as their road trip continues in Milwaukee.

A 135-126 victory over the Chicago Bulls showcased Utah’s potential on the offensive end of the floor, with a season-high 35 assists and 16 3-pointers fueling the best offensive performance of the season. Keyonte George (33 points and nine assists) and John Collins (28 points, 13 rebounds) led the effort, which saw the Jazz score 60 points in the paint and get 48 points off the bench.

Milwaukee (1-6) has struggled to open the season following an opening-night victory. Without Khris Middleton, the Bucks offense hasn’t found a rhythm, ranking 21st in the league. Meanwhile, Milwaukee has struggled on the defensive end of the floor, with the 26th-ranked defense failing to get enough stops. Giannis Antetokounmpo (31 points, 12.3 rebounds, and 6.3 assists per game) has continued to play at an MVP level to open the year.

Utah won both meetings between the two teams a season ago. 

Injury report:

Jazz:

QUESTIONABLE - Jordan Clarkson (left plantar fasciitis), Isaiah Collier (right hamstring strain), Lauri Markkanen (low back spasms)

OUT - Taylor Hendricks (right fibula fracture), Micah Potter (G League Two-Way), Jason Preston (G League Two-Way)

Bucks: 

QUESTIONABLE - Giannis Antetokounmpo (right adductor strain)

OUT - AJ Johnson (G League Two-Way), Chris Livingston (G League - On Assignment), Khris Middleton (bilateral ankle surgery)

Here are three keys to Thursday’s matchup.

Who wins the possession battle?

Thursday’s matchup presents a compelling dynamic between the two teams. One of the key struggles on the offensive end of the floor for the Jazz this young season has been taking care of the ball, with Utah ranking last in turnover percentage (18.8 percent). 

However, the Bucks have their own struggles on the defensive end as it relates to forcing turnovers, with teams coughing it up on just 10.9 percent of possessions, the lowest rate in the league. 

Against a Chicago team that also struggles to force turnovers (the Bulls rank 29th in opponent turnover percentage), the Jazz were able to limit mistakes and committed a season-low 12 turnovers, which was a big factor in the high-scoring performance. If Utah can replicate that recipe against a struggling Bucks defense, it will go a long way in keeping pace with Antetokounmpo, Damian Lillard, and co. 

George rounding into form 

Another big contribution to Utah’s first win of the season Monday was the play of George. The 20-year-old guard dropped 33 points to tie a career-high, while he also dished out nine assists to pace the playmaking efforts for the Jazz. 

George effectively mixed his off-ball shooting with on-ball creation as he knocked down six 3-pointers and got to the line 13 times. Over his last two games, George is averaging 24.5 points and 8.5 assists per game on 43.4 percent shooting from beyond the arc. 

A matchup against Lillard and a struggling Bucks defense presents another opportunity for the sophomore guard to find his rhythm as the early stages of the season unfold.  

Attacking from beyond the arc

Another trend from Monday’s victory that the Jazz hope carries into Thursday night’s contest is hot 3-point shooting. 

Following an extended shooting slump to begin the season, the Jazz caught fire from deep in the Windy City to the tune of 16-of-36 from downtown. As a result of effective ball movement and an aggressive help defense scheme from the Bulls, Utah generated quality looks throughout the night. 

A matchup with a struggling Bucks defense could present another chance for the Jazz to break through the slump, as opponents have found success from deep against Milwaukee. The Bucks focus on limiting shot attempts at the rim (and have been effective in doing so this season), but have been vulnerable from downtown, as opponents have taken 39.4 percent of their total shot attempts from deep and have converted on 38.3 percent of those attempts.

That places Milwaukee in the bottom 10 in opponent 3-point attempt frequency and percentage on the season, an area the Jazz should look to take advantage of Thursday night. 

Thursday’s game tips off at 6 p.m. MT (Jazz+).

Tags
John Collins
Keyonte George
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Preview: Utah Jazz Look to Build Momentum Against Bucks 
“That’s how we want the game to feel” | Keyonte George and John Collins Lead Big Offensive Performance for Jazz
Utah Jazz Film Study: Walker Kessler’s Resurgence, Lauri Markkanen’s Off-Ball Movement, and More
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/preview-utah-jazz-look-to-build-momentum-against-bucks 
 ----- 
