Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Bulls Star Makes Honest Statement After Losing to Utah Jazz
The Utah Jazz defeated the Chicago Bulls for their first win of the NBA season.
Joey Linn | Nov 5, 2024
Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) and center Nikola Vucevic (9) talk on a time out against the New Orleans Pelicans during the first half at Smoothie King Center. / Stephen Lew-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Bulls
Utah Jazz

The Chicago Bulls are currently in between their previous era and a full rebuild. Parting ways with DeMar DeRozan and Alex Caruso in the offseason, Chicago officially began pivoting away from a roster that was stuck in mediocrity.

With Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic, and other veterans still on this Bulls roster, the rebuild is in its early stages. Attempting to remain competitive while also transforming their roster, the Bulls have started the season 3-4 through seven games.

Chicago’s latest loss came to the winless Utah Jazz who had started the season 0-6. It was a disappointing loss for the Bulls, even with Zach LaVine sidelined, as Lauri Markkanen was out for Utah.

Speaking after the game (via Sam Smith of NBA.com), Bulls star Nikola Vucevic made an honest statement on the team’s defensive struggles right now.

“We’re not where we need to be (defensively) to win games,” Vucevic said. "Tonight showed we never were able to get stops consistently. And then when we would get stops we didn’t rebound. So as a team we have to be better defensively to give us a chance. I think our offense was good enough, but like with Brooklyn our defense wasn’t there, the physicality, our execution.”

Utah Jazz forward Kyle Filipowski (22) is fouled by Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) during the first half at United Center. / David Banks-Imagn Images

The Bulls currently rank 16th in defensive rating and 27th in offensive rating. While the offense was expected to be a work in progress as the team acclimated Josh Giddey while working LaVine and Lonzo Ball back from injuries, the defense is something the Bulls expect to improve sooner rather than later. 

Related Articles

Steph Curry Joins LeBron James and Michael Jordan on Historic List After Olympics

Lonzo Ball Reveals Draymond Green's Trash Talk Message to Him

Chicago Bulls Guard's Honest Quote on DeMar DeRozan After Kings Trade

Published Nov 5, 2024
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bulls/news/chicago-bulls-star-makes-honest-statement-after-losing-to-utah-jazz-01jbz05h2ebj 
 ----- 
