Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - OCTOBER 25: Taylor Hendricks #0 of the Utah Jazz in action during the first half of a game against the Golden State Warriors at Delta Center on October 25, 2024 in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Alex Goodlett/Getty Images)(Alex Goodlett)
“We’re all here for him” | Taylor Hendricks Begins His Road to Recovery 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 6, 20242:33 PM MST

Taylor Hendricks’ offseason work spoke for itself.

Showing up to training camp with added strength and a refined shooting motion, the second-year forward was poised for a breakout season as a key member in the starting lineup. 

Within the first three games of the season, Hendricks was tasked with guarding the likes of Ja Morant and Luka Dončić, highlighting the value he provides on the defensive end of the floor with his physicality and length. 

Hendricks embraced this role with confidence and comfort to begin his sophomore season. Unfortunately, everything came to a crashing halt on Oct. 28 in Dallas, as an unfortunate right leg injury will prematurely end Hendricks’ season.

On Wednesday, the Jazz announced that Hendricks underwent successful surgery to address his right fibula fracture and dislocated ankle, with further updates to be provided when appropriate.

“It’s super unfortunate, we’re all here for him,” Lauri Markkanen said. “We know how hard he worked all summer to be ready for this opportunity… we’re going to stay here for him and support him.”

The immediate reactions on the court said it all. Jazz head coach Will Hardy visibly grimaced, while players such as Keyonte George shed tears and wore their emotions on their sleeves. 

"It just put me in an emotional state... That's just my brother,” George said following the game. “I didn't know him growing up, then building a relationship with him over the year, he felt like family. I told him I loved him, told him I'm here for him, whatever he needs."

It will take time for both Hendricks and the Jazz to fully process the events of that night in Dallas as the season unfolds. 

“It’s hard to stomach,” Hardy said postgame. “He’s put in a lot of hard work. He’s a great kid. We’re just trying to focus on him, his health, and keeping his spirits up as he begins the road of his recovery.” 

The ensuing silence in the arena spoke volumes as both teams grappled with the aftermath of such a significant injury. “Every person processes that differently,” said Hardy. “That’s a tough one for both teams, not just us. For any athlete on the court, they see that and it’s hard to watch.” 

Following a significant stoppage in play, Hardy and the Jazz united around the shared support for Hendricks and continued to battle the defending Western Conference Champions. 

“It’s tough (to keep playing),” Walker Kessler said. “He’s worked his tail off, for him to have that happen… The biggest thing is just being there for him physically, checking up on him. Right now he just needs a lot of support.” 

Despite the setback, the long road ahead for Hendricks and the Jazz must continue. 

“He brings a lot on the table… he helps with our spacing, he’s a heck of a defender,” Markkanen added. “We’re going to miss him a lot, but we have to somehow stay focused.”

Player development isn’t always linear, and a significant injury only further challenges a young player. “The injury is obviously going to put a pause button in his development for the moment,” Hardy said. “It doesn’t take away anything he’s done to this point. He’s developed as a player and as a young man. This is far from over for him.” 

Although Hendricks won’t be sharing the floor with his teammates in the short term, he will always be top of mind.

"We're going to do our best as a group to just continue to show [Taylor] and his family some love and support during this,” Hardy said. 

Tags
Keyonte George
Lauri Markkanen
Taylor Hendricks
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
“We’re all here for him” | Taylor Hendricks Begins His Road to Recovery 
“That’s how we want the game to feel” | Keyonte George and John Collins Lead Big Offensive Performance for Jazz
Utah Jazz Film Study: Walker Kessler’s Resurgence, Lauri Markkanen’s Off-Ball Movement, and More
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/taylor-hendricks-begins-his-road-to-recovery 
 ----- 
