The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
WHITE SOX SPORTS MLB
Andrew Benintendi's walk-off homer snaps White Sox' home losing streak
The 7-6 victory Saturday was the Sox’ first home win since Aug. 12.
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 15, 2024, 3:26am UTC

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - SEPTEMBER 14: Andrew Benintendi #23 of the Chicago White Sox is congratulated by teammates following his walk-off home run during the ninth inning of a game against the Oakland Athletics at Guaranteed Rate Field on September 14, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois. The White Sox defeated the Athletics 7-6. 

Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

All interim manager Grady Sizemore could do after the White Sox’ walk-off win Saturday was exhale and laugh.

“Roller coaster,” Sizemore said of the 7-6 victory over the A’s, which ended with designated hitter Andrew Benintendi’s home run off the right-field foul pole.

“No easy wins for us. That was a hard-fought one, a little bit of everything. Guys kept fighting, kept staying in there adding on. Benny with the big hit again for us. He’s been clutch.”

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
White Sox sign catcher Omar Narvaez to minor league deal
Was 2024 the worst year for Chicago sports? Sun-Times readers weigh in
'Unique perspective' helps former White Sox closer Sergio Santos climb ranks as manager
White Sox avoid arbitration with Andrew Vaughn, three others
White Sox sign left-hander Martin Perez to one-year, $5 million deal
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
LATEST STORIES
Sky's free agency needs start and end in the backcourt
White Sox sign catcher Omar Narvaez to minor league deal
Snow wreaks havoc on the ground, in the air; over 100 flights canceled at O'Hare
As Bears proceed in coaching search, they can learn a lot from playoff teams
Immigration advocates warn a proposal for Chicago police to help ICE could be illegal
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
COLUMNISTS
Don't sweep Trump's dangerous messages under the rug
Trump isn’t interested in health reform or housing initiatives. He repeats Kremlin talking points and gives outsized influence to Elon Musk, who seeks fascist-adjacent leaders abroad to support.
By Mona Charen  Jan 10, 2025, 8:11pm UTC
OBITUARIES
Rev. Stephen Kanonik, Chicago priest who'd drench parishioners with holy water during blessings, dead at 68
“You can never have enough holy water for a blessing,” the priest at St. Benedict’s parish on the North Side would say with a smile. “He just loved revving everyone up with holy water,” said the church’s director of youth ministry.
By Mitch Dudek  Jan 10, 2025, 8:10pm UTC
HEALTH
2 infants have died of seasonal flu in Chicago, health officials say
It comes after no children died of the seasonal flu during the 2023-24 season, which runs from September to May, according to the agency.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 10, 2025, 8:08pm UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL SCORES
Friday's high school basketball scores
All the scores from Jan. 10, 2025.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 10, 2025, 7:55pm UTC
HOUSING & DEVELOPMENT
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
The co-ownership shares give buyers a week of access to the property each year, including an option to host events there for an extra fee.
By Abby Miller  Jan 10, 2025, 7:19pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/white-sox/2024/09/14/andrew-benintendis-walk-off-homer-snaps-white-sox-home-losing-streak 
 ----- 
