Skip to content
Subscribe Now
76°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICS
Oakland A’s lose to MLB’s worst team on walk-off homer
Andrew Benintendi hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning and the Chicago White Sox stopped a 16-game home losing streak by edging the Oakland Athletics
Oakland Athletics right fielder Lawrence Butler catches Chicago White Sox’s Bryan Ramos’ fly ball in foul territory during the fifth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
PUBLISHED: September 14, 2024 at 9:22 PM PDT

CHICAGO — Andrew Benintendi hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning, and the Chicago White Sox stopped a 16-game home losing streak by edging the Oakland Athletics 7-6 on Saturday night.

Benintendi, Luis Robert Jr., Nicky Lopez, and Lenyn Sosa each had three hits for Chicago, which had dropped four in a row overall. Lopez finished with three RBIs.

“That’s a spot I think that I’ve wanted to always be in,” Benintendi said. “I think anybody in here would, regardless of the year I’m having or anybody in here is having, that’s what you play the game for. It’s exciting.”

The home slide was a franchise record. At 34-115, the White Sox hope to avoid the majors’ post-1900 record for losses — 120 by the 1962 New York Mets in their inaugural season.

Chicago carried a 6-3 lead into the ninth, but Oakland rallied against Justin Anderson. Two runs scored on an error by Sosa at third. Zack Gelof hit a tying RBI single off Gus Varland, but Shea Langeliers was thrown out at the plate by left fielder Zach DeLoach.

Varland (1-0) then escaped the jam by retiring Tyler Soderstrom on a grounder to third before Max Schuemann popped out.

Benintendi closed it out with his 17th homer, a drive to right on a 1-2 slider from Hogan Harris (4-4).

“It’s not over until it’s over,” Benintendi said. “They put good at-bats together. I feel like they’ve got a lot of scrappy hitters that know how to take pitches and know how to get on base, and they did that in the ninth inning. Once (we) got out of that inning… it only takes one swing.”

Gelof and Brent Rooker each had three hits for Oakland, which had won three of four. J.T. Ginn permitted 10 hits and three runs in four innings.

Chicago jumped to an early 3-0 lead. Lopez hit a two-run single in the second, and Gavin Sheets connected for his ninth homer in the third.

Newark native Chris Flexen struck out eight in five scoreless innings for the White Sox. The right-hander allowed six hits and walked two.

Flexen was in good position to get his first win since May 8, but Oakland came back against Chicago’s bullpen.

“We all want him to get that win,” White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore said. “For him to go out there and give us whatever it was — five or six strong innings — and not get the win is tough. He did a great job today. He threw really well, probably the best I’ve seen him look in a long time.”

Chad Kuhl walked Lawrence Butler with the bases loaded in the sixth, and Rooker’s two-run single tied it at three.

The White Sox responded with three straight runs. Benintendi hit an RBI single in a two-run seventh, and Lopez singled home DeLoach in the eighth.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
TRAINER’S ROOM

Athletics: Reinstated C/1B Soderstrom from the 10-day injured list. Soderstrom (left wrist bone bruise) last played on July 9 before starting Saturday, and manager Mark Kotsay said he expects him to get “the bulk of the first base reps” moving forward. INF Armando Alvarez was optioned to Triple-A Las Vegas.

UP NEXT

LHP JP Sears (11-10, 4.18 ERA) is scheduled to take the mound for Oakland in the series finale Sunday. White Sox RHP Sean Burke (0-0, 0.00) is set to make his first career start and second appearance.

Around the Web
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
Discover The Breakthrough Seniors Use to Defeat Neuropathy
2025 Neuropathy Guide
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Innovative Bra Design by 60-year-old Grandmother Goes Viral
Libiyi
Doctors Recommend: This 100% Leakproof Underwear is Taking Council Bluffs by Storm
Libiyi
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
Iowa: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
Council Bluffs: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Iowa Residents Get Huge Home Insurance Reduction
Smart Lifestyle Trends
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
This Ai Trader Could Replace Wall Street: $900 Investment Grows to $40,000
Best Trader
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Low-priced Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments in Council Bluffs - Take a Look!
Senior Apartments
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
10 Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Dermatologist Reveals Clinical Truth About Night-time Aging
Blissy
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Myelodysplasia: First Indicators You Shouldn't Ignore
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
This Common Kitchen Ingredient Can End Your Tooth Decay
WellnessGaze Dental
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Three earthquakes in four hours hit off San Francisco coast
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Trump gets no-penalty sentence in his hush money case, while calling it ‘despicable’
Will smoke from the Los Angeles fires head to the Bay Area?
Asking Eric: I’m always in second place to whomever he’s dating
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Gui Santos isn’t what the Warriors need. He’s what the Warriors need to do better.

TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
September
14
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Default: Location of this page
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/14/oakland-as-lose-to-mlbs-worst-team-on-walk-off-homer/ 
 ----- 
