Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Wacha's 'wake-up call' ignites 7-inning gem in sweep
Share
Wacha's 'wake-up call' ignites 7-inning gem in sweep
Kansas City moves 2 1/2 games over Minnesota with fourth straight victory
September 8th, 2024

Anne Rogers

@anne__rogers
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- Three batters into Sunday’s game against the Twins, Royals starter Michael Wacha found himself in trouble with Trevor Larnach rocketing a double off the right-field wall and Jose Miranda scooting around the bases attempting to score from first base.

The Royals’ defense made sure Wacha got out of it by executing a perfect relay throw home, from Hunter Renfroe to Maikel Garcia to Freddy Fermin at the plate, nabbing Miranda and keeping a run off the board.

Complete coverage: Royals’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“I just heard Bobby [Witt] Jr. yell, ‘Four, four, four,’ and I was ready to throw,” Garcia said. “It’s a great way to start the game. Gives more confidence to Wacha to know that we’re there for him.”

For Wacha, it was almost like a “wake-up call,” he said.

“Hey, let’s lock it back in here,” Wacha said. “Let’s not give them any more opportunities.”

And he didn’t. Wacha faced the minimum for his final six innings -- thanks to two double plays in the third and sixth -- en route to seven shutout frames and the Royals’ 2-0 win over the Twins at Kauffman Stadium.

It was Wacha’s 100th career win, making him just the 20th active pitcher to reach that milestone.

“A lot has to go right to get wins in this league,” Wacha said. “We got to score, obviously. Very rarely am I going nine, so it comes down to the bullpen shutting it down. It was definitely one of those days today.”

By sweeping the Twins, the Royals (79-65) solidified a 2 1/2-game lead over Minnesota for second place in the American League Central, pulling within 2 1/2 games of the first-place Guardians.

The Royals also lead by six games for a spot in the AL Wild Card.

A new challenge now awaits them in New York for a three-game series against the Yankees this week in a potential Wild Card Series preview.

“We’re going to continue to play hard and win as many games as we can and make it to the playoffs,” Salvador Perez said. “I know the last seven, eight years in Kansas City have been tough. Now that we got the chance, we’re not going to take anything for granted. We’re going to play hard.”

Related
KC rewards No. 1 prospect Caglianone with Spring Training invite

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Top prospects highlight Royals' list of 23 NRIs

January 10th, 2025

Why veteran hurler chose to stay with Royals

November 5th, 2024

Wacha 'fell in love' with KC, inks new 3-year deal

November 4th, 2024

Royals' rotation needs depend on Wacha's return

October 14th, 2024

The Royals’ rotation has been reliable all year and hasn’t run out of gas yet down the stretch. Starters have allowed two runs or fewer in eight of the last 10 games. The Royals scored just 11 runs this weekend against the Twins, but it didn’t matter because the pitching staff held Minnesota to just two runs, both of which came on Saturday.

The bullpen hasn’t allowed a run in its last 12 innings, dating back to the ninth inning on Tuesday against Cleveland.

“It’s the same formula we’ve used throughout the season,” said reliever Kris Bubic after throwing a scoreless eighth on Sunday. “Starters have given us a lot of quality starts and kept us in a lot of ball games. When we get called on, we just want to try to put up zeroes.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Royals felt confident about better results in ‘24 after rebuilding their rotation. But to have the second-best rotation ERA (3.56) in baseball a year after posting the fourth-worst ERA (5.12)? It’s why the Royals have been able to go from 106 losses in ‘23 to having a 95% chance at making the postseason in ‘24, per FanGraphs.

“This is what our hope was, that these guys were the backbone of the team,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “Good teams have good pitching. … They have far exceeded what anyone could have hoped for with their durability and their ability to go deep into games against good teams.”

Wacha has been a key part of that. Over his last 19 starts since May 9, he’s gone 11-3 with a 2.62 ERA, holding opponents to two runs or fewer in 15 of those 19 outings.

Wacha struck out seven Twins on Sunday. He dueled with Twins starter Simeon Woods Richardson for four innings before the Royals were able to scratch across two runs in the bottom of the fifth with Garrett Hampson’s sacrifice fly and Perez’s infield single rolling up the third base line, staying fair as a run came across and Perez hustled his way to first base.

Once safe, he turned to the Royals’ dugout with a signature Salvy grin.

“That was the best bunt I’ve ever made,” Perez quipped. “Whatever it takes to bring some guys in. It’s part of the game. They pitched me really good. Yesterday, I think I hit 111 mph [exit velocity]. Out. Today, it was [59.9] mph. Base hit. It’s a crazy game. You have to be crazy to play this game.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kansas City Royals
Michael Wacha

Anne Rogers covers the Royals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/michael-wacha-tosses-seven-scoreless-in-royals-sweep-vs-twins 
 ----- 
