Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Twins swept in 'unprofessional series' against Royals
Share
Twins swept in 'unprofessional series' against Royals
Bats go quiet in KC as Minnesota falls 2 1/2 games behind second place
September 8th, 2024

Robert Falkoff

Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- The Twins return home Monday against the Angels, hoping a change of scenery will spark a much-needed offensive outburst.

For the third straight game, it was basically the same song for the Twins, who fell 2-0 to the Royals on Sunday at Kauffman Stadium. Minnesota was swept in a series in which the offense failed to score in 26 of the 27 innings.

The Twins now trail the Royals by 2 1/2 games for second place in the American League Central, but still lead the Tigers and Mariners by 3 1/2 games for the third and final Wild Card spot.

Complete coverage: Twins’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Manager Rocco Baldelli was in no mood to discuss the series finale, limiting his postgame media session to a short summation.

“That was an unprofessional series of baseball we played and that’s all I’ve got for you,” Baldelli said. “I don’t think anything else has to be said.”

According to catcher Ryan Jeffers, Baldelli had basically the same message for his team.

“There are a lot of different ways you can interpret ‘unprofessional,’” Jeffers said. “We weren’t able to string stuff together.”

On both Friday and Sunday, the Twins tried to jumpstart the offense with aggressive baserunning on an extra-base hit, but twice the approach backfired because of strong relay throws that nabbed a runner being thrown out at the plate while trying to score from first.

Jose Miranda attempted to score from first on Sunday when Trevor Larnach drilled a double to the gap in right-center, but was thrown out at the plate on a 9-4-2 relay. After that, Kansas City starter Michael Wacha went on to register seven scoreless innings before the bullpen closed it out.

The Royals had to execute two accurate and strong throws to keep Minnesota from jumping in front. They did so courtesy of right fielder Hunter Renfroe and second baseman Maikel Garcia.

“That’s kind of the thought behind those [relay plays],” Jeffers said. “They have to execute it perfectly. Even in the highest level of baseball, executing that is not a super easy play. Got to give hats off to them for executing those plays as they did.”

Minnesota starter Simeon Woods Richardson matched Wacha until the fifth, when the Royals used two walks, two infield hits and a sacrifice fly to manufacture two runs.

“Baseball happens,” Richardson said. “You try to make pitches. Sometimes it doesn’t work out, sometimes it does.”

The Twins find themselves mired in a 6-14 stretch as they prepare to open a six-game homestand.

“We’ve got to find a way,” Jeffers said. “It’s not necessarily that we have to hit homers or hit the ball better. You look at how [the Royals] scored their runs today. It’s a walk, a little dink through the infield, a walk, a dribbler. Just putting together scrappy at-bats, trying to find a way to win a ball game. Yeah, a homer would be great. Balls in the gap are great. But you have to win ball games in different ways.”

Related
What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Pipeline Inbox: What did the Twins get in trade acquisition Cartaya?

January 10th, 2025

Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Twins announce plans for 2025 Winter Caravan

January 8th, 2025

Jeffers added that it’s important for the Twins to sense the urgency of where the team finds itself with three weeks left in the regular season.

“Everyone in here knows we are in the thick of the race,” Jeffers said. “We can go anywhere from dropping out of the Wild Card to winning the division. We still have plenty of games in front of us to do either. So, I think that the gravity [of the playoff ramifications] is already here. “

By scoring just two runs in a three-game series, the Twins acknowledged Kansas City’s pitching staff while admitting they need to do more on their own to execute offensively.

“A little of both,” Jeffers said. “They have a really good staff over there. They seemed to have our number this series.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Minnesota Twins
You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/twins-swept-by-royals-in-crucial-series-ahead-of-mlb-playoffs 
 ----- 
