Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
Martinique vs Guyana Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
Martinique vs Guyana Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 08, 2024 12:55 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
International Friendly: Suriname v Martinique

Martinique will play host to Guyana at Stade Municipal Pierre-Aliker in the CONCACAF Nations League on Monday. Both teams are set to face off against each other for the first time.

Martinique vs Guyana Preview

Martinique will compete in the top division once again this season. They maintained their League A status in the previous edition. In fact, they are yet to play in a lower division since they entered the competition in 2019-20. However, they are still in search of their first ticket to the CONCACAF Nations League Finals.

Les Matinino opened their campaign in Group A with a 3-1 defeat to Guatemala in an away fixture, which leaves the hosts fourth with no points. They will be looking to return to winnings ways thanks to home advantage. With just one defeat in their last five home matches, Martinique are upbeat about their chances.

Trending

Guyana earned promotion to League A for the first time in the previous edition following a flawless campaign that saw them winning all five matches. Maintaining their status and attempting to clinch qualification for the Finals should be their objective for this campaign, despite encountering a slow start.

Golden Jaguars lost their Group A opening game at home 3-1 against Suriname. They failed or were unable to make the most of their home advantage. The visitors will be facing another team seeking to get back to winning ways after losing their opener. It appears a tall order for Guyana, who have lost their last four away matches.

Martinique vs Guyana Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Martinique have won four times and lost once in their last five matches at home.
Martinique have scored four goals and conceded four in their last five matches in all competitions.
Martinique have played 12 matches in this competition, winning twice, drawing five times and losing five times while Guyana have played 17 (W11, D2, L4).
Guyana have won once and lost four times in their last five matches on the road.
Martinique have won twice, drawn twice and lost once in their last five matches while Guyana have won once and lost four times. Form Guide: Martinique – L-D-D-W-W, Guyana – L-W-L-L-L.
Martinique vs Guyana Prediction

Martinique need to revive their campaign as soon as possible, as another setback in a row will likely hurt their chances in the group.

Guyana will do their best to avoid a fresh defeat and could be eying a draw if they are unable to snatch a win over the hosts.

Martinique are expected to prevail based on form and home advantage.

Prediction: Martinique 3-1 Guyana

Martinique vs Guyana Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Martinique to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Martinique to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Guyana to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Guyana Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/martinique-vs-guyana-prediction-betting-tips-9th-september-2024 
 ----- 
