Entertainment
General Hospital
The Young and the Restless
The Bold and the Beautiful
LOG IN
Entertainment
Clurious
RECAPS
SCOOP
TWO SCOOPS
BOARDS
Who’s Who
Cast & Credits
About the Actors
Entertainment
"Bro had that one planned since warmups" - Internet reacts as OG Anunoby nearly crashed into Anne Hathaway during Bulls-Knicks game
"Bro had that one planned since warmups" - Internet reacts as OG Anunoby nearly crashed into Anne Hathaway during Bulls-Knicks game
By
Aastha Dass
Modified Nov 14, 2024 05:48 ET 
Discuss
Anne Hathaway (Photo by Daniele Venturelli/Getty Images for Moncler)

It was not just another night at the NBA games held at Madison Square Garden on November 13, 2024. During a match between the New York Knicks and the Chicago Bulls, Knicks forward OG Anunoby nearly crashed into Anne Hathaway, who was sitting courtside.

The Princess Diaries alum was attending the event with her son. Fortunately, both of them didn’t suffer any injuries as Anunoby slowed down at the right moment.

So, what happened? In an attempt to save a loose ball going out of bounds, Anunoby sprang into action to catch hold of it and almost collided with the actress. Thanks to the ad stand that blocked their way. But, he did knock a bucket of popcorn off the table as he tried to stabilize himself.

Expand Tweet

The incident evoked laughter and gasps from the spectators. Fans on social media shared hilarious comments on the incident. Within no time, it became one of the top trends on social media drawing major traction from Anne Hathaway’s fans.

How did the fans react to the incident?

Fans reacted hilariously to the incident as they took to X to express their views. Some even wrote that they would have done the same.

“I would’ve almost crashed too if I saw Anne Hathaway.” A user commented on X.
“OG Anunoby almost turned that into a blockbuster moment with Anne Hathaway!” The second person wrote.
Expand Tweet
“OG knew he couldn’t hurt the princess of genovia.” The third opined.
“He knew what he was doing.” The fourth person tweeted.

Some opined that they would have crashed six times if they had seen Anne Hathaway. Another said that her stunning beauty is enough to divert people’s attention.

“I’d “accidentally” crash into Anne Hathaway 6 times a game.” One user commented.
“She's a beauty not everyone can resist.” Another wrote.
Expand Tweet
“anyone would be stunned to see her.” One more mentioned in a tweet.
“Bro had that one planned since warmups.” One user commented that he intentionally crashed into Hathaway at the event.
“wdym almost. he did that on purpose.” Another user added.

Someone also wrote that Anne Hathaway tried to maintain her calm instead of running away from the stadium, unlike other celebrities.

“Anne looking scared af but still kept her cool. Most celebs woulda freaked out and left but she stayed the whole game.” A user wrote.
“she was so chill about it tho didnt even flinch when he came at her.” One wrote.

The Devil Wears Prada actress celebrated her birthday on November 12 as she turned 42. For the unversed, her upcoming projects include Yesteryear, Seesaw Monster, Mother Mary, and Flowervale Street.

Trending
The Fashion Awards 2023 Presented by Pandora - Arrivals - Source: Getty

Hathaway will also be seen alongside Zendaya and Tom Holland in Christopher Nolan’s untitled film. The details of the project are being kept under wraps. However, reports suggest that it is scheduled to release in July 2026.

Comment
Edited by Mudeet Arora
More from SoapCentral
Best
Newest
Oldest
✕
General Hospital
The Young and the Restless
The Bold and the Beautiful
Days of our Lives
Emmerdale
Coronation Street
EastEnders
Hollyoaks
Shows
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Humor
Human Interest
Beyond the Gates
Important Links
About Us
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Manage Notifications
Contact Us
Advertising Information
Terms of Use
Affiliate Disclosure Policy
×
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soapcentral.com/entertainment/news-internet-reacts-og-anunoby-nearly-crashed-anne-hathaway-bulls-knicks-game 
 ----- 
