Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Knicks' Historic Comeback Trampled By Bulls
Despite a brilliant comeback effort, the New York Knicks fell just short of making history against the Chicago Bulls.
Geoff Magliocchetti | Nov 14, 2024
Nov 13, 2024; New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) posts up against Chicago Bulls forward Jalen Smith (7) during the first half at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: John Jones-Imagn Images / John Jones-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Knicks

A historic New York Knicks comeback effort was lost in foul fashion.

Trailing to the Chicago Bulls by as much as 22 in the second half, the Knicks fought all the way back to take a last-minute lead. But a late trio of free throws for Coby White, sent to the foul line by a Josh Hart foul with just over three seconds remaining, allowed Chicago to escape from Madison Square Garden with a 124-123 victory.

Had the Knicks (5-6) completed the comeback, it would've been the second-biggest second half comeback in Knicks franchise history since such statistics began being tracked in 1996-97, behind only a 26-point journey in March 2004 against Milwaukee.

Nov 13, 2024; New York, New York, USA; Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) looks for an opening as New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) defends during the second half at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: John Jones-Imagn Images / John Jones-Imagn Images

Thus lost in the effort was another infantile Knicks career-best for Karl-Anthony Towns, who led the charge with 46 points, 31 of which came in the second half. Jalen Brunson watched a good bit of the comeback from the bench, but seemed to have the game-winner on the possession before the fatal foul. Another would-be game-winner from the 24-point scorer went in and out of the rim as time expired, blowing away another would-be winning streak for the heartbroken Knicks.

Chicago (5-7) leaped out to a 12-point lead by halftime and needed just over three minutes of third quarter action to inflate that lead to 20. The Knicks eventually got it together offensive but a double from Zach LaVine with 3:53 remaining created the fateful 22-point advantage as the teams began to exchange shots.

From there, however, New York put forth a speedy 17-0 run to close out the frame, one that sliced the lead all the way down to five. Towns capped off a 14-point period with a showstopping dunk that rendered a stirred MSG crowd hysterical. The Knicks then needed less than three minutes to take a long-sought lead, with Hart providing the temporary difference with a driving lay-up. Towns furthered the momentum by hitting a technical foul shot garnered by Chicago head coach Billy Donovan arguing for an offensive charge.

But the Knicks were unable to extend any lead they obtained, in fact losing it on the very next possession when Ayo Dosunmu hit a three off a feed from LaVine. The Knicks did take the lead back several times but never pushed it further than three.

Nov 13, 2024; New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks guard Jalen Brunson (11) is fouled by Chicago Bulls forward Julian Phillips (15) during the first half at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: John Jones-Imagn Images / John Jones-Imagn Images

Towns and Brunson, appropriately enough, nearly stole the victory back for the Knicks: Towns' drive off a feed off a helper from Brunson tied the game in the penultimate minute before Brunson hit another equalizer brought about by successful Dosunmu freebies. Brunson mostly sat during a tough third quarter (0-for-3), allowing Cameron Payne (11 points, 4-of-4, 3-of-3 from three-point range) to enjoy a mini-showcase.

In the end, however, the Knicks are left asking more questions about their defense, which allowed the Bulls to shoot over 53 percent from the field and sink 14 three-pointers. LaVine and White led the way with 31 and 22 points respectively while Nikola Vucevic had a 19-point, 11-rebound double-double.

The Knicks return to action on Friday when their NBA Cup group play slate begins against the Brooklyn Nets (7:30 p.m. ET, MSG).

Make sure you bookmark Knicks on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

Knicks Gain, Lose National TV Game
Brunson Added to Knicks Injury List
Knicks Flip Narrative With Fantastic 4th
Knicks Win Sixers Rematch, NBA Cup Opener
Mitchell Robinson: Knicks' Absent MVP?
Published Nov 13, 2024|Modified Nov 14, 2024
GEOFF MAGLIOCCHETTI

Editor-In-Chief at All Knicks

Follow GeoffJMags

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/knicks/news/new-york-knicks-historic-comeback-trampled-chicago-bulls 
 ----- 
