TheHardTackle

Home » round-ups » Austria vs Germany Preview: Probable Lineups, Prediction, Tactics, Team News & Key Stats

Austria vs Germany Preview: Probable Lineups, Prediction, Tactics, Team News & Key Stats
November 21, 2023 1:00 am Reading Time: 6 mins read
Share on X
Share on Facebook
Austria take on Germany in an international friendly this week and they will be looking to build on their recent run of form with a positive result at home.

Germany are coming into this game on the back of just two wins from the last six competitive outings and they will need to improve in order to grind out a positive result here.

Austria have a poor head-to-head record against Germany, and it remains to be seen whether they can grind out a positive result at home.

The home side have picked up four wins and a draw from the last six outings and they will be reasonably confident of doing well against Germany here. The German outfit are not at their best right now and they have picked up just two wins from the last six outings.

Austria are clearly the team in form right now, and it remains to be seen whether they can pull off a morale-boosting win at home.

Team News and Tactics
Austria

Austria will be without the services of Samson Baidoo, who has been ruled out with an adductor injury. Other than that they should be able to field a full-strength lineup against Germany.

Alexander Schlager is set to start in goal for the home site. Stefan Posch and Max Wober will be deployed as the fullback and the two players will look to help out at both ends of the pitch.

Philipp Lienhart and David Alaba will start in central defence.

In the midfield, Marcel Sabitzer will start alongside Nicolas Seiwald and Christoph Baumgartner.

In the attack, Marko Arnautovic will lead the line for Austria alongside Florian Kainz and Konrad Laimer.

Probable Lineup (4-3-3): Schlager; Posch, Lienhart, Alaba, Wober; Sabitzer, Seiwald, Baumgartner; Laimer, Arnautovic, Kainz

Germany

The away side will be without the services of Felix Nmecha, Malick Thiaw, Robin Gosens, and Mark-Andre Ter Stegen. All four players have withdrawn from the squad following their calls due to injury.

Kevin Trapp will start in goal for Germany here. Benjamin Henrichs and David Raum are likely to be deployed as the fullbacks.

Jonathan Tah will start alongside Antonio Rudiger in central defence.

In the midfield pivot, Ilkay Gundogan will start with Joshua Kimmich. While the Bayern Munich star will look to break up the opposition attacks and protect the central defence, Gundogan will add creativity and control to the side.

Florian Wirtz will start as the central attacking midfielder with Leroy Sané and Serge Gnabry on either side of him. The three players will look to add creativity and technicality in the final third.

Niclas Fullkrug will lead the line for Germany here.

Probable Lineup (4-2-3-1): Trapp; Henrichs, Tah, Rudiger, Raum; Gundogan, Kimmich; Sane, Wirtz, Gnabry; Fullkrug

Key Stats
Germany have won five of their last six meetings against Austria.
Austria are unbeaten in five of their last six outings.
Germany have failed to win four of the last six matches.
Germany have conceded 13 goals in the last six outings.
Key Player
Niclas Fullkrug

Embed from Getty Images

The 30-year-old Dortmund striker is our key player to watch out for. Fullkrug has been in splendid form this season and he will look to add to his goal-scoring tally for the season.

The experienced German international has found the back of the net in each of his last three outings for club and country. He will look to extend his impressive run of form and Germany should be able to exploit Austria’s defensive vulnerabilities here.

Fullkrug is more than just a goalscorer and his hold-up play will help bring others into the attack as well.

Prediction
Austria 1-2 Germany

On paper, Germany are undoubtedly the better team and they should be able to pick up a victory here.

Austria are no pushovers and this is likely to be a close contest. However, Germany have the quality to come out on top eventually.

This is likely to be a close contest and both teams should get on the score sheet. However, the Germans are likely to extend their impressive run of form against Austria with a narrow win here.

Tags: AustriaGerman Bundesliga
Tweet
Share
Send
LEAVE COMMENT
Football News 24/7 
Recommended
How Real Madrid can still end up dominating Europe in the 2024/25 season?
 DECEMBER 15, 2024 9:00 PM
Liverpool must fix their Mohamed Salah blunder before it is too late
 NOVEMBER 26, 2024 8:41 PM
How Manchester United could line up under Ruben Amorim
 NOVEMBER 19, 2024 12:51 AM
Five players Ruben Amorim should look to sign for Manchester United
 NOVEMBER 18, 2024 11:55 PM
About Advertise Privacy & Policy Contact

© 2022 TheHardTackle.com

Home
Transfer News
Match Centre
Features
English Premier League
German Bundesliga
Italia Serie A
Spanish La Liga

© 2022 TheHardTackle.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thehardtackle.com/round-up/2023/11/21/austria-vs-germany-preview-probable-lineups-prediction-tactics-team-news-key-stats/ 
 ----- 
