ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Leroy Sane Sent Off For Violent Conduct Against Austria As Germany Lose Another Friendly
Germany lost for the sixth time in 2023 as Leroy Sane was sent off in a 2-0 defeat by Austria. Sane saw red after he shoved his hands into Phillipp Mwene's face
Robert Summerscales | Nov 21, 2023
Leroy Sane Sent Off For Violent Conduct Against Austria As Germany Lose Another Friendly /

Germany lost for the sixth time in 2023 as Leroy Sane was sent off in a 2-0 defeat by Austria on Tuesday.

Sane saw red in the 49th minute in Wien after he shoved both of his hands into the face of Austria left-back Phillipp Mwene.

Germany had been losing 1-0 when Sane left the field after former Manchester United midfielder Marcel Sabitzer had smashed home from 15 yards midway through the first half.

A brilliant lob from Christoph Baumgartner in the 72nd minute then sealed Austria's victory.

Leroy Sane pictured shoving Phillipp Mwene in the face during Germany's 2-0 loss to Austria :: IMAGO/ActionPictures

Tuesday's loss came just three days after Germany had been beaten 3-2 at home by Turkey.

All of Germany's matches since the World Cup have been friendlies. That is because Die Mannschaft qualified automatically for Euro 2024 as tournament hosts.

Germany have suffered six defeats in 11 friendly games since Qatar 2022.

As well as losing to Austria and Turkey, the four-time world champions have been beaten by Japan, Colombia, Poland and Belgium.

Austria qualified for Euro 2024 by coming second in a group that also included Belgium, Sweden, Azerbaijan and Estonia.

Published Nov 21, 2023
ROBERT SUMMERSCALES

Robert Summerscales launched FanNation Futbol in February 2022. Rob is a British journalist who previously spent two years on the sports desk at the Daily Mail in London, having earlier served as editor of CaughtOffside.com. He has been to the last two FIFA Men's World Cups, in Russia and Qatar, and is looking forward to completing his hat-trick in North America in 2026.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/soccer/futbol/news/austria-2-0-germany-leroy-sane-sent-off-for-violent-conduct 
 ----- 
