This site asks for consent to use your data

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Manage Options
Consent
Skip to content
Home
News
Geingob’s Funeral
Live
Crime
Politics
Health
Popular
Youth Central
Obituaries
Environment
Features
Photo of the Day
Energy Centre
Corrections
National
Elections
Business
Economy
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Management Tips
Opinions
Entrepreneurs
Tenders
Competitions
Multimedia
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Opinions
Editorials
Opinions
Letters
Cartoons
Speeches and Statements
Manifestos 2024
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Fashion
WhatsOn
Travel
TopRevs
Faces at Places
Food
Tourism
Investigative Unit
All Reports
Fishrot
Special Reports
Multimedia
Profiles
About Us
Sport
Football
Boxing
Cricket
Rugby
Tennis
Athletics
Cycling
Hockey
General
Supplements
Oshiwambo
Subscribe Now
Digital Subscription
Search
Sane sees red as Germany’s woes continue against Austria
Germany’s midfielder #21 Ilkay Gundogan and Austria’s midfielder #04 Xaver Schlager vie for the ball during the international friendly football match between Austria and Germany in Vienna, Austria, on November 21, 2023. AFP

By AFP

22 November 2023

Leroy Sane was shown red for lashing out at an opponent as Germany went down 2-0 to Austria in Vienna on Tuesday, continuing their woeful run just six months from hosting Euro 2024.

Goals in each half from Marcel Sabitzer and Christoph Baumgartner, along with Sane’s red after making contact with the face of Austrian defender Phillipp Mwene, compounded a poor night for Julian Nagelsmann’s men.

The red card, Sane’s first in a professional football career spanning more than 400 games, meant Germany were forced to play catch-up for most of the second-half with a man down.

The visitors have now won just three of 11 matches in 2023, a run which claimed the scalp of former coach Hansi Flick, the first sacked coach in Germany history.

Austria have now won seven and lost just one of their ten matches in 2023 while qualifying for Euro 2024, continuing an impressive run under former Man United coach Ralf Rangnick.

With eight of Austria’s starting XI playing in the German Bundesliga, the home side refused to be awed by their decorated neighbours, cutting gaping holes in the visitors’ backline from the opening whistle.

Freiburg striker Michael Gregoritsch should have scored when through one-on-one with ‘keeper Kevin Trapp after 17 minutes but the Frankfurt goalie managed to get an outstretched paw onto the shot.

Austria hit the lead shortly after when the 1.93-metre tall Gregoritsch plucked a ball out of the air and fed it to Baumgartner, who put Sabitzer in space.

The Dortmund midfielder was given time as the German defence held off, allowing him to drive a low shot into the bottom corner.

The goal meant the once miserly German defence have now kept just one clean sheet in their past 14 matches dating back to the start of the Qatar World Cup in 2022.

Nagelsmann hooked striker Niclas Fuellkrug for veteran Thomas Mueller at half-time but things got worse immediately after the break for Germany, Sane given his marching orders four minutes in.

Sane, who narrowly avoided a yellow card for a cynical foul late in the first half, brought down Mwene from behind.

With the Austrian defender standing over him, Sane rose to his feet and grabbed Mwene by the face, forcing him to the ground.

The referee produced a red card immediately, after which a visibly enraged Sane was escorted from the field by a member of Germany staff.

Germany rolled the dice, making a raft of changes with 30 minutes to go but Austria struck next, Gregoritsch laying on a clever pass for Baumgartner, who chipped Trapp to seal the win.

The loss is just Germany’s third in 29 encounters with their Alpine neighbours since the teams’ semi-final clash at the 1954 World Cup.

Stay informed with The Namibian – your source for credible journalism. Get in-depth reporting and opinions for only N$85 a month. Invest in journalism, invest in democracy –
Subscribe Now!

 
 
 
 
Trending Stories
Pensioner dies in head-on crash in Oshikoto
Boyfriend, nephew arrested for allegedly killing woman at Swakopmund
Pensioner hit by vehicle at Oshakati
Man arrested for trying to smuggle cannabis into cells
Body discovered at Grootfontein showgrounds
Latest News
Man attacked with panga in Ohangwena region
2 January 2025
Farmworker takes own life after running over child with vehicle
2 January 2025
Teenage boy stabbed to death at Ncamagoro
2 January 2025
14 New Year’s Day babies born at Katima Mulilo hospital
2 January 2025




42 John Meinert Street, Windhoek,Namibia, +264 61 279 600

The Namibian
© All rights reserved.

Get involved
Archive
Subscribe Now
Useful links
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Digital Subscription
About the website
Archive
About Us
Contact Us
Oshiwambo
Newsletters
Corrections
Download our app
Android
iOS
Follow us

Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website vest in The Free Press of Namibia (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No 85/058). The unauthorized making of copies or use of this material constitutes a copyright infringment under the Namibian Copyright and Neighbouring Rights Protection Act, 1994 (Act No 6 of 1994).

Powered by PageSuite © 2025 The Namibian. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.namibian.com.na/sane-sees-red-as-germanys-woes-continue-against-austria/ 
 ----- 
