Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Releases L2M Report for Knicks vs. Nets Controversy
The Last Two-Minute Report says referees got the calls right in the New York Knicks' Friday night win.
Jed Katz | Nov 18, 2024
Nov 15, 2024; New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks center Ariel Hukporti (55) hands the ball off to guard Jalen Brunson (11) while guarded by Brooklyn Nets guard Ben Simmons (10) and forward Ziaire Williams (1) during the second quarter at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-Imagn Images / Brad Penner-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Knicks

The NBA recently released its Last Two Minute Report for the New York Knicks' Friday night game against the Brooklyn Nets. In the 124-122 win, both sides questioned officiating throughout the end of the game, but the L2M Report says otherwise.

The game was chippy, with a shoving match between Dorian Finney-Smith and OG Anunoby. However, the most notable aspect of the game was the officiating.

One of the most notable calls in question, or no-calls in this case, was when Nets guard Dennis Schroder attacked the basket with less than 30 seconds in the game and met Knicks center Ariel Hukporti.

The L2M Report determined that the referees did not make any mistakes in the final two minutes of the game, suggesting that this Knicks win was clean. Of the 10 plays in review, all of them either had the correct call or the correct no-call according to the report.

Four of the calls reviewed involved a Nets player in question, while six were surrounding a Knicks player. Eight plays involved a call or no-call regarding a foul, while two surrounded violations.

Make sure you bookmark Knicks on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

Knicks Grateful For Bridges in Brooklyn Doubleheader
Knicks' Ariel Hukporti Earns Big Opportunity Against Nets
Knicks' Defensive Struggles Continue in Win Over Nets
Stats Show Knicks' Offensive Improvement Amid Struggles
Knicks Star Makes New NBA History
Published Nov 18, 2024
JED KATZ

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/knicks/news/nba-releases-last-two-minute-report-new-york-knicks-nets-controversy 
 ----- 
