SPORTS
Cricket
Football
Basketball
Kabaddi
Hockey
Baseball
NFL
OTHERS
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Condition
Disclaimer
Recommended Links
Widgets
Advertise With Us
HOME
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
KABADDI
HOCKEY
BASEBALL
NFL
IND vs NZ, Dream11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket Tips, Dream11 Team, Pitch Report, Injury Update – New Zealand tour of India
By | Niranjan Bhargav
25 Jan, 2023

India vs New Zealand Dream11 Team Prediction | New Zealand tour of India |

India vs New Zealand Dream11 Team Prediction, 1st T20I – Cricket League India vs New Zealand Dream11 Team, – 27 January 2023 – Lineup & Stats .

We will provide you a probable starting lineup, team squad, and Dream11 Match Preview, Dream11 Fantasy Team, and tips – We also provide live match score updates and match status here.

Important Links : India vs New Zealand Live Score | India Fixture/Results | New Zealand Fixture/Results | New Zealand tour of India 2023

India Vs New Zealand Match Preview

In this article, we will provide you a match Preview of today’s match will be played among India vs New Zealand.

Here we will be coming up with Fantasy Cricket Dream11 prediction.

Today’s Match Prediction of India Vs New Zealand Dream11 Fantasy Cricket, New Zealand tour of India, 2023.

India are set to take on New Zealand on Friday, 27 January 2023, at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi. If you are looking for India Vs New Zealand Dream11 Prediction then you are at the right place.

Download the Fantasy app to get High bonus using the Referral code
Sr. No.	App Name	Refer code	Sign-up Link
1.	FantaFeat	BULL200	Install Now
2.	Vision11	BULL200	Install Now
3.	BatBall11	BULL200	Install Now
4.	Sportasy	BULL200	Install Now
5.	Opinion Verse	Q_Bc_xNyr	Install Now
India Vs New Zealand Match Details
Match	India Vs New Zealand, New Zealand tour of India
Date	27 January 2023 (GMT)
Time	13:30 (GMT)
Venue	JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi
IND Vs NZ 1st T20I, Pitch Report, New Zealand tour of India

The pitch of JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi is a balanced surface. The team, winning the toss will choose to bat first. Meanwhile, the pacers have an advantage on this pitch in the initial overs. The Spinners will surely have an advantage in the middle overs. Overall, It is a batting-friendly pitch. Therefore, we are going to see a high-scoring match between IND and NZ.

IND Vs NZ 1st T20I, Weather Report, New Zealand tour of India

The Weather forecast for the IND vs NZ 1st T20I on Friday, 27 January 2023 at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi is expected to be mostly cloudy or sunny or clear and rainy. The temperature is anticipated to be around 12? with 81% humidity and a wind speed of 20 Km/hr.

IND Vs NZ 1st T20I, Injury Update, New Zealand tour of India

There is no injury update from the team management for today’s match between IND and NZ . Therefore, all players are fit to play the match. If there is a injury update just before the match between IND and NZ starts, then we will surely update you on this article.

Average 1st inning score at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi in New Zealand tour of India

The average 1st inning total at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi in New Zealand tour of India so far is 105.

Chasing Record of Teams at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi in New Zealand tour of India

The teams have a winning percentage of 40% while chasing at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi. Looking at these stats, Teams will like to bat first on winning the toss.

Head To Head Match (India vs New Zealand)

India will play their match against New Zealand.

India have played five matches, won five and lost zero matches.

New Zealand have played five matches, won two and lost three matches.

India vs New Zealand Head to Head – (Last five matches)
India : 5(W) | 0(L) | 0(D)
New Zealand : 2(W) | 3(L) | 0(D)

Also read : Check other Cricket predictions

Probable Playing 11 in India Vs New Zealand
India :

Ishan Kishan, Suryakumar Yadav, Deepak Hooda, Rahul Tripathi, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Prithvi Shaw, Shubman Gill, Hardik Pandya, Kuldeep Yadav, Shivam Mavi, Umran Malik

New Zealand :

Dane Cleaver, Devon Conway, Glenn Phillips, Finn Allen, Daryl Mitchell, Mitchell Santner, Michael Bracewell, Michael Rippon, Lockie Ferguson, Blair Tickner, Henry Shipley

Also read : India vs New Zealand Match Live Score

Best Choice For Captain And Vice-Captain
Suryakumar Yadav
Deepak Hooda
Ruturaj Gaikwad
Hardik Pandya
Finn Allen
Mark Chapman
Michael Bracewell
Blair Tickner
India Vs New Zealand Dream11 Cricket Team Key Players
Suryakumar Yadav
Deepak Hooda
Ruturaj Gaikwad
Shubman Gill
Devon Conway
Glenn Phillips
Finn Allen
Mark Chapman
Michael Bracewell
Blair Tickner

India Vs New Zealand Dream11 Fantasy Cricket Today Match Prediction Team
WK	Ishan Kishan, Devon Conway
Bat	Deepak Hooda, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Finn Allen
AR	Hardik Pandya, Mitchell Santner
Bowl	Shivam Mavi, Umran Malik, Lockie Ferguson, Ben Lister

For free dream 11 prediction and today match prediction, Join the official handle of the Bullscore : Telegram channel

Players You Cannot Avoid In India Vs New Zealand Dream11 Team
Ishan Kishan
Suryakumar Yadav
Deepak Hooda
Prithvi Shaw
Umran Malik
Devon Conway
Glenn Phillips
Finn Allen
Daryl Mitchell
Jacob Duffy
India vs New Zealand Toss Prediction

According to Bullscore toss prediction, India will win the toss.

Who Will Win Today Match Between India vs New Zealand ?

According to the “Bullscore” Cricket match prediction, New Zealand will win the match today.

Download the Fantasy app to get High bonus using the Referral code
Sr. No.	App Name	Refer code	Sign-up Link
1.	FantaFeat	BULL200	Install Now
2.	Vision11	BULL200	Install Now
3.	BatBall11	BULL200	Install Now
4.	Sportasy	BULL200	Install Now
5.	Opinion Verse	Q_Bc_xNyr	Install Now
Disclaimer

Fantasy Cricket is a sport of fortune and skill is very important to acquire the league that is grand at some other dream cricket leagues or dream11.

The skill component has been coated by us. This Fantasy team relies on this author`s intellect, evaluation, and intuition. Acknowledge the things while picking your dream team and make your own choice.

We`ve mentioned the playing 11 according to Expert Advice and our Cricket wisdom. You are able to edit the Dream11 Team as pieces of advice like injury upgrades, line ups players, etc are all cited by studying the post. When the 11 is outside, you are able to edit the team that is dream11.

FEATURED MATCH
Live
SKR vs PHR
SKR
245/10 (85 ov) & *59/5 (15 ov)
PHR
258/10 (80.1 ov) & 159/10 (59.5 ov)
Stumps : Day 3 - Sialkot Region need 114 run
Live
ZIM vs AFG
ZIM
243/10 (73.3 ov)
AFG
157/10 (44.3 ov) & *190/6 (67.1 ov)
Day 3 - Session 2, Afghanistan lead by 104 r
Live
AUS vs IND
AUS
181/10 (51 ov)
IND
185/10 (72.2 ov) & *141/6 (32 ov)
Stumps : Day 2 - India lead by 145 runs.
Live
SA vs PAK
SA
*498/6 (125.4 ov)
PAK
Day 2 - Session 2, South Africa elected to b
Live
MNE vs MOU
MNE
314/8 (50 ov)
MOU
*10/0 (4 ov)
Mountaineers need 305 runs in 46.0 remaining
Live
ROC vs TUSK
ROC
TUSK
Match delayed due to rain
Live
COM vs DNL
COM
*125/2 (15.5 ov)
DNL
147/7 (20 ov)
Coimbatore need 23 runs in 25 remaining ball
BullScore News
ABOUT

Step into the dynamic world of Bullscore, your ultimate destination for a complete sports and Esports experience. Established in 2020, we're not just a platform – we're a vibrant community that caters to your passion for all things sports. From the thrill of NFL, Baseball, Basketball, and Soccer to the fervor of College Sports, Motorsports, NHL, NCAA, Golf, Tennis, Cricket, E-Sports, and Wrestling – Bullscore is your front-row seat to the sports news. No matter your favorite game, we've got you covered. Stay connected with real-time and Live scores for Cricket, NFL, Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, Hockey, and Kabaddi – available at your fingertips. But Bullscore offers much more. We pride ourselves on delivering extensive coverage of leagues, tournaments, and matches from around the globe, all in real time. Experience a new level of immersion with detailed updates. Get comprehensive standings, team profiles, live, upcoming, and completed match insights, player lists, live scorecards, and in-depth match specifics like venues, toss outcomes, and head-to-head results. Our dedication doesn't stop at matches – we provide player details, including career information, records, age, and net worth, to keep you well-informed. But Bullscore is more than just scores; we're your go-to source for breaking news and trending stories across a multitude of sports and Esports. Join our ever-growing Bullscore family today. Whether you're a die-hard fan or a casual observer, we're here to fuel your passion and keep you in the know. With Bullscore, the world of sports and Esports is just a click away.

Top Live Matches Score and Streaming
ZIM vs IRE Scorecard, Ireland tour of Zimbabwe
ML vs SLE Scorecard, East-West Africa Cup Qualifiers
BCC vs SPH Scorecard, ECS Spain T10
URH vs MNT Scorecard, Legends League Cricket
IND-W vs ENG-W Scorecard, England Women tour of India
SPH vs RB Scorecard, ECS Spain T10
SVDJ vs PHT Scorecard, Sharjah Hundred League
KAW vs RAP Scorecard, National T20 Cup
LNZ vs MIN Scorecard, Premier League
SPK vs KSS Scorecard, Premier League
SH vs FS Scorecard, CBA
JD vs ZGB Scorecard, CBA
BLR vs HAR Scorecard, Pro Kabaddi Season 10
UP vs TEL Scorecard, Pro Kabaddi Season 10
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Condition
Disclaimer
Recommended Links
Widgets
Advertise With Us
© 2023
 Bullscore 
All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bullscore.com/ind-vs-nz-dream11-prediction-fantasy-cricket-tips-dream11-team-pitch-report-injury-update-new-zealand-tour-of-india-4/ 
 ----- 
