Follow us on         
 
 
 
Edition: International   |   Vietnamese
Home
News
Business
Tech
Travel
Life
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Contact Us
© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.
Hanoi
18 o
Thời tiết từng địa phương
×
|
|
   
   
 Log In
Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports Trivia
South Korea salvage late draw with Jordan at Asian Cup
By AFP   January 20, 2024 | 06:11 am PT
Jordan play South Korea in the Asian Cup group stage in Doha, Qatar, Jan. 20, 2024. Photo by VnExpress/Lam Thoa
Son Heung-min's South Korea avoided an Asian Cup upset by the skin of their teeth on Saturday after an injury time own goal gave them a 2-2 draw with Jordan.

One day after Iraq beat tournament favourites Japan, Jordan looked to be heading for a famous win in Doha after a Park Yong-woo own goal and a Yazan Al-Naimat strike in the first half cancelled out Son's ninth-minute penalty.

But Yazan Al-Arab deflected the ball into his own net in the first minute of injury time at the end of the game to let Jurgen Klinsmann's Koreans escape with a point in Group E.

A win for either team would have sent them through to the knockout rounds with a game to spare.

Klinsmann's side beat Bahrain 3-1 in their opening match and face Malaysia in their final group game on Thursday. Qualification for the last 16 is still within their grasp.

As it is for Jordan, who beat Malaysia 4-0 and face Bahrain on the same day.

Klinsmann was forced into one change from the opening game, bringing in goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo for Kim Seung-gyu.

Kim suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a training session and has been ruled out of the rest of the tournament.

The Koreans also had five players on yellow cards from their game against Bahrain.

Son settled their nerves with the opening goal after they were awarded a penalty following a VAR check.

Ehsan Haddad was adjudged to have brought down Son and the Korean captain converted the spot-kick himself with a cheeky chip.

He celebrated by holding up a goalkeeper's shirt with Kim's name on it.

Son went close to scoring a second midway through the first half, only for the Jordan defence to make a crucial late block.

The Koreans had enjoyed almost total dominance up until then, but Jordan started to threaten and grabbed an equaliser in the 37th minute.

South Korea failed to deal with a corner and Park bundled the ball into his own net under pressure from Arab at the back post.

Naimat then lashed Jordan into a shock lead in the sixth minute of first-half injury time, drilling a shot into the bottom corner from the edge of the box.

South Korea struggled to find a response in the second half and Cho Gue-sung was guilty of a terrible miss when he screwed a shot over the bar on the hour mark.

The Koreans did not look like scoring, until Hwang In-beom sent in a shot one minute into injury time that Arab deflected into his own goal.

Son fluffs lines but S. Korea, Iraq win openers at Asian Cup

South Korea launched their campaign for a first Asian Cup since 1960 with a 3-1 win over Bahrain while fellow former champions Iraq beat Indonesia by the same scoreline Monday.

Son set to light up Asian Cup as Qatar takes center stage again

The Asian Cup begins on Friday with defending champions Qatar the hosts, Japan favorites and Son Heung-min's South Korea vowing to win the title for the first time in 64 years.

Son Heung-min more expensive than 21 teams in Asian Cup

South Korean football superstar Son Heung-min is said to be worth $54.5 million, higher than the value of 21 national teams at the 2024 Asian Cup.

You May Like
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
了解更多
告別頭髮稀疏。向秀髮說嗨！醫師推薦「爆髮凝露」生了10倍頭髮！
KAMINOWA
了解更多
  
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
Tags: South Korea vs JordanSouth Korea footballJordan footballAsian Cup 2014Asian Cup
Comments (1)
Latest first | Highest rated

South Koreas performance in this match left much to be desired. In some ways it was more disappointing than Japans performance in the match with Iraq. According to FIFA ranking, Jordan ranks 87th and South Korea ranks 23rd - a difference of 63 ranks. By comparison, Iraq ranks 63rd and Japan ranks 17th - a difference of 45 ranks. So Iraq is significantly stronger than Jordan, making them a tougher opponent for Japan than Jordan makes for South Korea. ...  

hvu - 20:37 21/1/24

  Reply  | Like   1 | Share

 
 
AFC Asian Cup 2023
Two Vietnamese players fined for red cards in Asian Cup
Son Heung-min came close to quitting international football
Spurs ace Son back on road to World Cup after turbulent Asian Cup
See more
Read more
People take to streets to celebrate Vietnam’s victory over Thailand in ASEAN Cup final
Vietnam edge Thailand 2-1 in first leg of ASEAN Cup final
Vietnam haven't beaten Thailand at home for 27 years
Striker risks life by playing with 40-degree fever to send Thailand to ASEAN Cup final
Vietnamese-Brazilian striker joins Ronaldo, Haaland among top 10 goal scorers of 2024
'We are not afraid of Vietnam': Thailand defender
Ligue 1 uses Messi to mock Ronaldo
Thailand beat Philippines in dramatic ASEAN Cup semis to set up final against Vietnam
 Back to top
News
Politics
Education
Environment
Traffic
Crime
Brainteaser
Business
DataSpeaks
Property
Markets
Companies
Economy
Money
Quiz
Tech
Travel
Places
Food
Guide
Visa
Puzzle
Life
Trend
Arts
Celebrities
Vogue
Love
Wellness
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Readers' Views
Contact us
Advertise with us:
 090 293 9644
Download App
International

Subsidiary of VnExpress

License number: 71/GP-CBC, Ministry of Information and
Communications, September 22, 2021

Editor-in-Chief: Pham Van Hieu

Email: evne@vnexpress.netTel: 028 7300 9999 - Ext 8556

FPT Tower, 10 Pham Van Bach Street, Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi, Vietnam

© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.

News Business Tech Travel Life Sports World Perspectives
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://e.vnexpress.net/news/football/south-korea-salvage-late-draw-with-jordan-at-asian-cup-4702606.html 
 ----- 
