

The Korea Times
Login
Subscribe
Photos
Video
World
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment & Art
Lifestyle
Finance
Business
National
North Korea


Sports
Fri, January 3, 2025 | 03:35
ASIAN CUPKorea held by Jordan, stay 2nd in Group E
Posted : 2024-01-20 22:54
Updated : 2024-01-21 17:31

Hwang In-beom, left, and Son Heung-min of Korea celebrate an own goal by Jordan during the teams' Group E match at the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha, Jan. 20. Yonhap

Korea salvaged a 2-2 draw against Jordan in their second Group E match at the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Asian Cup on Saturday in Qatar, rescued by their opponent's own goal during stoppage time.

Korea, world No. 23, were minutes from suffering a stunning defeat at the hands of 87th-ranked Jordan, before Hwang In-beom's shot went in off defender Yazan Al-Arab for the equalizer in the early moments of added time.

Korea built a 1-0 lead thanks to Son Heung-min's ninth-minute penalty, but Park Yong-woo's own goal tied the score at 1-1 in the 37th minute. Then during first-half stoppage time, Al-Arab scored the go-ahead goal for Jordan, though he ended up being the culprit for the match-tying goal later.

The draw snapped Korea's winning streak at seven.

Jordan stayed atop Group E with four points. Korea also have four points but trail Jordan by goal difference, +4 to +2. Bahrain and Malaysia, both winless in Group E, were scheduled to play each other later Saturday.

Korea are trying to win their first AFC Asian Cup title since 1960. They will close out the group stage against Malaysia in Al Wakrah, south of Doha, Thursday.

Korea didn't change any outfield players from their opening win over Bahrain on Monday but had a new goalkeeper in Jo Hyeon-woo. Kim Seung-gyu, who'd started against Bahrain, suffered a torn ligament in his right knee during a training session Thursday and was ruled out for the rest of the tournament.

Son put Korea on the board by converting his own penalty in the ninth minute for his first goal of this competition.

Son Heung-min of Korea, center, celebrates after scoring against Jordan during the teams' Group E match at the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha, Jan. 20. Yonhap

After taking a nifty through ball from Hwang In-beom, Son was brought down by defender Ehsan Haddad in the box. Referee Salman Ahmad Falahi didn't initially call a penalty on the play, but following a lengthy video review, Korea were awarded the spot kick.

Son stepped up and fired the ball into the center of the goal, as goalkeeper Yazeed Abulaila dove to his left.

It provided a measure of redemption for Son, who had been off target against Bahrain and picked up a yellow card for diving in the box in an ill-advised attempt to draw a penalty.

Jo made his presence felt with his first save of the match in the 21st minute, turning aside a left-footed attempt from Mousa Al-Tamari.

But Jordan gradually assumed control of the match, using their physicality and speed to find their way into the Korean box.

Jordan equalized in the 37th minute when Park Yong-woo tried to clear away a corner but instead headed it into his own net.

Jordan then grabbed a 2-1 lead during first-half stoppage time, taking advantage of a flustered Korean backline.

Cho Gue-sung of Korea reacts after missing a scoring opportunity against Jordan during the teams' Group E match at the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha, Jan. 20. Yonhap

Mousa Al-Tamari danced into the box and fired a left-footed shot that was blocked by center back Jung Seung-hyun. The rebound bounced right back to Yazan Al-Naimat, who was left untouched as he unleashed a right-footed shot with five Korean players standing around, watching helplessly.

Korea had a chance to equalize just moments later, but Cho Gue-sung rushed his volley and bounced it over the net, after a rebound off a Lee Ki-je shot found him all alone in the goalmouth.

Klinsmann made two substitutions to start the second half, with Hong Hyun-seok replacing Park Yong-woo in midfield and Kim Tae-hwan taking over from Lee Ki-je on defense.

Korea had some momentum in the early moments after the restart, though their effort didn't pay off. Lee Kang-in had a decent look at the net in the 67th minute but sent a left-footed shot right at Abulaila.

Korea made two more changes on offense in the 69th minute, with Oh Hyeon-gyu coming on for Cho Gue-sung in the striker position and Jeong Woo-yeong replacing Lee Jae-sung on the wing.

Those subs didn't make a difference either, even though Korea continued to maintain a major advantage in ball possession.

It took a fine diving stop by Jo on Nizar Al-Rashdan in the 73rd minute to keep it a one-goal affair.

At the other end, Abulaila also shined with a big stop nine minutes later, denying Lee Kang-in on a left-footed shot.

Moments after an 11-minute stoppage time was announced, Korea pulled even. Son found Hwang all alone just inside the box, and the midfielder's left-footed attempt ricocheted off Al-Arab and rolled into the Jordan net.

Hong wasted a golden opportunity to deliver a dramatic go-ahead eight minutes later, when his shot from close range hit the left side of the net. (Yonhap)

Taboola 후원링크
Recommended Contents For You
Muan airport had only one 'bat man' on duty during Jeju Air bird strike
Blame mounts over concrete structure at Muan airport for amplifying crash impact
Jeju Air crash raises critical questions
Jeju Air plane flew relentlessly before tragedy with minimal maintenance
Firefighters describe Jeju Air crash 'truly unbearable'
'Critical 11 minutes': Jeju Air crash likely to be Korea's worst aviation disaster
AD
...
AD
九州賞櫻,住雙溫泉，搭星悅精品航空出發第2人減2千元
AD
【老協珍x頤宮】米其林三星名廚陳偉強親自操刀，傳承 創新聯名年菜 【限量開賣】2025年限定珍稀逸品，限量 199組！
		
 
Most Read in Sports
1
Market quiet for posted Korean star Kim Hye-seong with deadline approaching
2
Shohei Ohtani to become father in 2025
3
Football leagues break ticket sales record in 2024
4
Sports ministry to request dismissal of badminton chief for 2nd time
5
Jeonbuk acquires center back Kim Young-bin to shore up defense
Top 10 Stories
1
Jeju Air crash prompts concerns over aircraft maintenance amid heavy reliance on overseas repairs
2
Pet dog Pudding rescued by animal rights group after losing family in Jeju Air tragedy
3
Police raid Muan airport over deadly Jeju Air plane crash
4
Aspiring nurse, football star and father of 2 among the dead in New Orleans attack
5
Investigators likely to execute warrant to detain Yoon as early as Thursday
6
Impeached president resists arrest over martial law bid
7
10 new indie bands in Korea who will smash 2025
8
Fallen crypto mogul Do Kwon extradited to US, faces federal fraud charges
9
1st funeral held for plane crash victims
10
Economic policy in 2025 to focus on 'stable management' amid slow growth projection
DARKROOM

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

Tottenham 4-3 K-League All-Stars

World Water Day 2024

Busan World Team Table Tennis Championships Finals

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

1
2
3
4
5
Interesting Contents
Families of plane crash victims mourn, voice frustrations
Market quiet for posted Korean star Kim Hye-seo ng with deadline approac hing
Muan Airport crash survi vor asks, 'What happene d?'
Jeju Air passengers canc el flight tickets en masse following deadly crash
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
|
Sponsored
【百威旅遊】台中出發找日本、韓國、越南行程一次搞定!寒假出發最後清艙
百威旅遊
|
Sponsored
Taboola 후원링크
   
CEO & Publisher: Oh Young-jin
Digital News Email: webmaster@koreatimes.co.kr
Tel: 02-724-2114
Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아52844
Date of registration: 2020.02.05
Masthead: The Korea Times
Copyright © koreatimes.co.kr. All rights reserved.
About Us
Introduction
History
Contact Us
Products & Services
Subscribe
E-paper
RSS Service
Content Sales
Site Map
Policy
Code of Ethics
Ombudsman
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
Copyright Policy
Family Site
Hankook Ilbo
Dongwha Group
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/sports/2024/12/600_367291.html 
 ----- 
