SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
AFC Asia Cup 2024: Jordan, South Korea End Match in 2-2 Tie

Both teams have performed well in the tournament so far, securing three points each in their respective opening matches.

Jihane RahhouJan. 20, 2024 2:27 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Jordan's national team Head coach Hussein Ammouta

Rabat - South Korea and Jordan have ended their Saturday match in a 2-2 draw. The game is part of the group stage of the 2024 AFC Asia Cup. 

The game took place at the Al Thumama Stadium in Qatar.

During the early minutes of the game, Son Heung-min opened the scoring for his team, netting a goal in the 9th minute with a penalty kick. Before the end of the first half of the game, Korea’s Park Yong-Woo made an own goal, bringing the game to a tie in favor of Jordan.

In the second half of the game, Yazan Al Naimat scored the second goal for Jordan in the 6th minute of extra time. However, the game was brought back to a tie with an own goal from Yazan Al Arab in the dying moments of extra time.

Following the game, Jordan maintains the lead in Group E with 4 points, followed by South Korea with 4 points, Bahrain, and Malaysia with zero.

Both teams have displayed high levels of performance in the tournament so far, securing three points each in their respective opening matches.

Jordan started its journey this year on a strong note, dominating Malaysia with a commanding 4-1 victory, pushing them to the top of Group E. 

Meanwhile, South Korea defeated Bahrain with a 3-1 triumph, extending their unbeaten streak to an impressive nine games across all competitions, boasting seven victories.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer in 2024
Unrest Mounts in South Korea As President Yoon Defies Arrest Warrant
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use of Smoke Bombs, Lasers
South Korean Crash Landing Claims 167 Lives
‘Squid Game for Government’: South Korea Impeaches Second President in Two Weeks
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named in Best African XI for 2024
Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player of 2024 at Globe Soccer Awards
IFFHS Names Bouchra Karboubi 5th Best Female Referee in the World
Recent
Popular
Comments
Morocco’s Water Reserves Record Significant Increase In Early 2025

Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

Royal Air Maroc To Launch Rabat-Dakhla Direct Flight

Morocco Records 78,244 New Businesses In First 10 Months Of 2024

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

YOU MAY LIKE
IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Eliesse Ben Sghir On Barcelona’s Winter Transfer Radar

FAR Rabat Ask Fans Not To Use ‘Flares, Lasers’ In CAF Champions League Games

Analysis: Mazraoui’s Form Dips Amid Manchester United Struggles

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360260/afc-asia-cup-2024-jordan-south-korea-end-match-in-2-2-tie 
 ----- 
