  
Rangers vs. Celtic: 5 hrs 20 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Rangers vs. CelticPreview: Aberdeen vs. Ross CountyPreview: Hearts vs. MotherwellPreview: St Johnstone vs. HibsToday's previews
Home > Cricket > T20 World Cup > England > Results
T20 World Cup
HomeNewsPast winnersIndia win 2024 World Cup
CRICKET
Records fall as England batter Oman at T20 World Cup
By Darren Plant, Senior Reporter
Published: June 13 2024 | 22:47
Last updated: June 15 2024 | 22:52
© Reuters

England have kept their hopes of a last-eight appearance at the T20 World Cup alive by thrashing Oman by eight wickets at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.

In response to needing to get close to Scotland's far superior net-run-rate, Jos Buttler's side produced the most dominant performance in the history of the competition in terms of balls required to chase down a target.

Minnows Oman were bowled out for just 47, decimated by the pace of Jofra Archer and Mark Wood and the spin wizardry of Adil Rashid.

The defending champions were aware that reaching their target in just over five overs would take them above Scotland's net-run-rate, yet England required just the 19 balls to seal the win.

On Saturday, England must now beat Namibia and hope that Australia overcome Scotland. If any other results play out, England will be eliminated.

Archer, Wood justify faith

Archer and Wood posted combined figures of 1-60 off seven overs against Australia having failed to take a single wicket versus Scotland, but their qualities were on show after England won the toss.

Oman made it to five overs having lost just the two wickets, but that became 25-5 just seven balls later. Shoaib Khan showed some resistance with 11 off 23, but Rashid soon got in on the act with a magical spell of 4-11.

Archer and Wood each ended with figures of 3-12, and it set up Phil Salt and Jos Buttler to swing freely in the hope of getting England over the line as soon as possible.

Salt became the first player in T20 World Cup history to hit sixes off the first two balls of an innings, before losing his wicket the next ball.

Will Jacks soon followed for five, but Buttler battered 24 off just eight deliveries, posting four boundaries and one six. Jonny Bairstow hit two fours off his only balls.

What did Buttler have to say?

While the England skipper was surprised with how the wicket at North Sound played, he was full of praise for how his bowlers adapted.

He said: "I thought the tone was set really well by the bowlers, picking up the early wickets. Job done today, another big game in two days' time.

"There was that extra bounce, Topley with his height and Jofra with his high release point. They're really challenging bowlers on this surface, and they bowled a good line and length.

"I don't think any of us expected the wicket to play like it did, it looked a really good wicket but Rashid found spin."

The weather forecast for both of the remaining games is currently in England's favour with a washout or an uncompleted fixture seemingly out of the question.

Written by
Darren Plant
Share this article now:

     

Read more about Jofra Archer Mark Wood Adil Rashid Shoaib Khan Phil Salt Jos Buttler Will Jacks Jonny Bairstow Cricket
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Confirmed squads, fixtures, team previews, tournament format
Could Man United complete stunning £83m Gyokeres move in January?
Slot, Amorim and who? Premier League club enter the transfer race for forward
Classy Littler sets up Bunting clash at World Championship
"They were smarter than us" - England duo react to T20 World Cup loss to Australia
Which teenagers could light up Euro 2024?
Partey time or a young Gunner? Arsenal's options to replace suspended Timber
Olmo out, Olympian in? Barcelona watching 'Moroccan pearl' amid registration saga
Sport News 24/7 
1
Havertz hope, defender banned: Arsenal injury, suspension list for Brighton
2
Boosts and blows for Slot: Liverpool injury, suspension list for Man United clash
3
Lille vs. Nantes - prediction, team news, lineups
4
Thursday's Scottish Premiership predictions including Rangers vs. Celtic
5
Thursday's League Two predictions including Newport County vs. AFC Wimbledon
6
Thursday's Transfer Talk Update: Robinson, Martinez, Koulibaly
7
Valencia vs. Real Madrid - prediction, team news, lineups
8
St Etienne vs. Reims - prediction, team news, lineups
9
Ola or goodbye? Man City receive major update in pursuit of Walker replacement
10
Doncaster vs. Port Vale - prediction, team news, lineups
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2025 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/cricket/england/t20-world-cup/result/records-fall-as-england-batter-oman-at-t20-world-cup_545885.html 
 ----- 
