NEWS
EDITORIALS
SCHEDULE
Home
Cavs News
Cavs makes franchise history in blowout win vs. Raptors
By 

Josue Pavon

Oct 24, 2024 at 10:07 AM ET

Cavs head coach Kenny Atkinson texted Caris LeVert about his multifaceted role this upcoming season. Cleveland’s new coach wanted to start 2024-25 on a high note, and his Cavs followed through with the plan in their 136-106 season-opening blowout win against the Toronto Raptors while simultaneously making franchise history.

After noting the Cavs’ 30-point margin as the second-largest they’ve ever reached in a season-opening win, the team’s stats and communications shared the historic milestone that Atkinson’s Cavs reached, per their X, formerly Twitter.

“The Cavs’ 136 PTS tonight is also the most the team has EVER scored in a season opener. The previous mark was 133 PTS at Charlotte to start the 1988-89 season.”

The 136 points are the most the Cavs have ever scored in a non-overtime regular season road game. Not a bad start for Atkinson’s head coaching debut.

Evan Mobley’s game-high 25 points led six Cavs players who scored in double figures. He also finished with nine rebounds, three blocks, and two steals. Donovan Mitchell added 21 points, three assists, three steals, and one block, and LeVert led the bench with 19 points and four assists as six of the Cavs players scored in double figures against the Raptors.

However, turning in a solid defense of effort that helped cushion Cleveland’s comfortable lead throughout was vital, as starting center Jarrett Allen alluded to after the win, per Cleveland.com’s Chris Fedor.

“We did it on both ends,” he said. “Our defense and offense were both superb tonight. We’ve been having an emphasis all summer on spacing with the offense. You could see that.”

The solid defending also opened up opportunities on offense as the pace and space approach led to Cleveland shooting at a 58.6% clip from the floor, 14-of-30 from deep (46.7%). They also scored 30+ points in all four quarters.

Kenny Atkinson reveals text to Caris LeVert about his role

Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images

In late June, the Cavs named Kenny Atkinson their new head coach. He didn’t waste much time connecting with his players, including a familiar face in Cavs veteran guard Caris LeVert ahead of their season-opener against the Toronto Raptors.

You may also like
Article continues below
Cavs’ Darius Garland reaches LeBron James territory after 40-point outburst vs. Raptors
18h
Brian Windhorst’s bold Cavs claim will have fans making NBA Finals plans
19h
Cavs’ Evan Mobley, Jarrett Allen drop truth bombs after Thunder battle
1d
Cavs’ Donovan Mitchell sends strong message to media after big win vs. Thunder
1d

“I texted him the other day, I said, ‘Here we go, you’ve got to do it all. You might start. You might come off the bench,’” Atkinson said.

The goal behind the texts was to prepare LeVert for anything and everything, as the ebbs and flows of an NBA regular season would dictate the ever-changing roles.

“I think Caris has accepted that role, and he’s done it well for the Cavs,” Atkinson added. “I know in Brooklyn he did it well for us. He understands that’s his role. He’s the ultimate team guy, ultimate high-character player. I don’t worry about him too much.”

Atkinson coached LeVert when he was the head coach of the Brooklyn Nets between 2016 and 2020.

Josue Pavon is an Associate Editor for ClutchPoints and Cavs Nation, as well as the Oklahoma City Thunder beat writer for ClutchPoints.

Cleveland Cavaliers
Toronto Raptors
You may also like
Cavs’ Darius Garland reaches LeBron James territory after 40-point outburst vs. Raptors
5 hours ago
Brian Windhorst’s bold Cavs claim will have fans making NBA Finals plans
5 hours ago
Cavs’ Evan Mobley, Jarrett Allen drop truth bombs after Thunder battle
17 hours ago
Cavs’ Donovan Mitchell sends strong message to media after big win vs. Thunder
17 hours ago
Cavs’ Darius Garland fires bold All-Star declaration after clobbering Thunder
18 hours ago
Cavs’ Donovan Mitchell makes clear Jarrett Allen request after Thunder takedown
1 day ago
Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson’s message before pivotal Thunder matchup
1 day ago
Cavs’ Donovan Mitchell drops ‘ultimate’ truth bomb on Thunder showdown
1 day ago
Cavs’ Jarrett Allen hits critics with strong message amid frontcourt’s success
2 days ago
Cavs’ Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland make Evan Mobley’s All-Star case after win vs. Mavericks
5 days ago
How is Cavs’ Jarrett Allen ‘unlocking’ best version of Evan Mobley?
1 week ago
JJ Redick drops ‘perfect’ truth bomb on Cavs’ dominance
1 week ago
Home
Contact Us
Cavs News
Terms of Service
Editorials
DMCA Policy
Schedule
Team
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US
Copyright © Cavs Nation.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cavsnation.com/news/cavs-news-makes-franchise-history-blowout-win-raptors 
 ----- 
