 
EN
LOCAL CHURCH, TESTIMONIES

Cardinal José Cobo, Archbishop Of Madrid, Received -- In The Cathedral Of Almudena -- The Real Madrid Football Club Photo: ArchiMadrid

Real Madrid Goes to the Cathedral to Offer the Champions League Cup to the Virgin of Almudena

Real Madrid went on Sunday afternoon, June 2, to the Cathedral of Our Lady of Almudena, to offer the Patroness of the Spanish capital, the 15th Champions League, which it won on Saturday night in London, against Borussia Dortmund.

JUNIO 03, 2024 06:12ZENIT STAFFLOCAL CHURCH, TESTIMONIES
WhatsApp
Messenger
Facebook
Twitter
Share
Share this Entry

(ZENIT News – ArchiMadrid / Madrid, 03.06.2024).- On Sunday, June 2, Cardinal José Cobo, Archbishop of Madrid, received — in the Cathedral of  Almudena — the Real Madrid Football Club, which had just returned from London, after winning the 15th  Champions League. In a Cathedral crowded with people, the Cardinal underscored that the whole Church “that walks in Madrid, wants to thank you wholeheartedly for this Cup , and for what it means for you and for our city.”

Real Madrid went on Sunday afternoon, June 2, to the Cathedral of Our Lady of Almudena, to offer the Patroness of the Spanish capital, the 15th Champions League, which it won on Saturday night in London, against Borussia Dortmund.

“Congratulations for your effort and for the work of all the team, the technicians and the whole Club. Sport is a means to express one’s talents, but also to build the society. In fact, sport teaches us the value of brotherhood, because, in the field, the origin, language or culture of a person doesn’t matter. What matters is the commitment and common objective,” said the Archbishop of Madrid.

Cardinal Cobo stressed to all Real Madrid’s players, that “to be champions  is a privilege, won effort by effort, but it’s also a personal and social responsibility as you see.” From Madrid’s Church “we now place ourselves with much affection under the mantle and gaze of the Virgin of Almudena, Patroness of this Madrid that you carry in the heart. She takes care  and, as a good Mother, intercedes  for her children, believers and non-believers. From here, she always blesses and receives  the prayers and hopes of all those that look at her and those that seek in depth the profound meaning of life.”

“I don’t know of what team Jesus would be, the Son of Mary, He whom she shows us in her arms. But undoubtedly Jesus also wants to make Himself present and be grateful for this Cup. He helps us to recognize what is truly important of life and of things.”

Finally, the Archbishop of Madrid stressed that “Mary receives this Cup and makes it a blessing for all, your families, for the Real Madrid supporters and for all those that value good sport, which helps to make a better world, without wars and violence, with team work and effort. Through your discipline and commitment, you have achieved a great goal. And this implies a crucial message of hope, especially for young people.”

At the end of his address, Cardinal Cobo asked the whole team to continue doing “good football for all, may the Virgin protect, bless and take care of you to be a blessing of hope and love for all. Thank you for playing thus.”

Thank you for reading our content. If you would like to receive ZENIT’s daily e-mail news, you can subscribe for free through this link.

 

JUNIO 03, 2024 06:12LOCAL CHURCH, TESTIMONIES
WhatsApp
Messenger
Facebook
Twitter
Share
Share this Entry
ZENIT Staff

View all articles

Former Homosexual Seminarian Receives Letter from the Pope Shortly After Francis’ Use of a Pejorative Word
Pope Francis to Release Apostolic Exhortation on the Sacred Heart of Jesus
LATEST NEWS
Christmas Break at ZENIT diciembre 22, 2024
Pope’s article in The New York Times: There Is Faith in Humor diciembre 22, 2024
The process of beatification of King Baudouin of Belgium officially begins: Vatican and Pope give their approval diciembre 22, 2024
Work and family: the Pope’s Christmas reflection to Vatican employees diciembre 21, 2024
On benedicence: a great reflection by the Pope for cardinals of the Roman Curia useful for every Catholic diciembre 21, 2024
POPE FRANCIS TWEETS
El feed de Twitter no está disponible en este momento.
MOST READ NEWS
De Foucauld´s "Spiritual Intuitions" Touted by Pope
Pope’s article in The New York Times: There Is Faith in Humor
Nicaragua will be left without nuns and religious: government expels...
Mel Gibson Will Release the Sequel to “The Passion” on Christ’s “Res...
NEWS BY DATE
junio 2024
L	M	X	J	V	S	D
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
« May   Jul »
POPE FRANCIS
Pope’s article in The New York Times: There Is Faith in Humor

“Generally, we priests tend to enjoy humor and even have a fair stock of jokes and amusing stories, which we are often quite good at telling, as well as being the object of them”, writes the Pope in the best-known newspaper in the United States

The process of beatification of King Baudouin of Belgium officially begins: Vatican and Pope give their approval

In a statement released by the Dicastery for the Causes of Saints, it was confirmed that the process officially began on December 17, 2024, with the establishment of a historical commission. This panel, comprising leading experts in Belgian history and archival research, is tasked with gathering and evaluating documentation related to King Baudouin’s life and deeds.

29.12.2024
Newborn babies die of cold in Gaza
29.12.2024
Lumen Television Zambia receives Solar System donation
29.12.2024
Regent of Apostolic Penitentiary: The confessional, a Holy Door to the soul
29.12.2024
Pope prays for all families afflicted by conflict and grief
29.12.2024
Pope at Angelus: Families, sit around the table and talk
29.12.2024
Cardinal Vicar of Rome opens Holy Door of Saint John Lateran Basilica
28.12.2024
Mexico detains almost half a million migrants attempting to reach US
28.12.2024
Azerbaijan suggests Russian missile downed plane
28.12.2024
2024 'one of the worst years in history' for children
28.12.2024
Israel accused of destroying Gaza hospital
    
About Us FAQ Audience Sponsoring Organization Legal Status Copyright Contact Us
    
Copyright © 2024 ZENIT. All Rights Reserved. https://zenit.org
x

Notice

This website or its third party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy.
By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zenit.org/2024/06/03/real-madrid-goes-to-the-cathedral-to-offer-the-champions-league-cup-to-the-virgin-of-almudena/ 
 ----- 
