TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Cricket
What channel is India v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is India v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time

Check out how to watch India v South Africa in the Cricket World Cup 2023, including TV and radio coverage, UK time and our key player to watch.

Getty Images
Cameron Ponsonby
Published: Friday, 3 November 2023 at 0:20 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

India take on South Africa at the historic Eden Gardens stadium in Kolkata, in a battle between first and second in the table.

A dress rehearsal for the final? India have been an unstoppable force in this competition, pummelling all seven of their opponents so far, with a spot in the semi-finals already wrapped up.

Their most recent victory came against Sri Lanka and was their most devastating - a 302 run win, which is the fourth largest margin of victory in ODI history.

Watch India v South Africa on Sky Sports

South Africa, meanwhile, have been the most exciting team of the tournament. An explosive batting line-up has seen them break the record for the most sixes ever hit in a World Cup, and taken them to a tally of six wins from seven matches. Their only defeat so far came in a shock loss to the Netherlands.

South Africa will be desperate to bat first, having put up mammoth scores when batting before their opponents. The two times they have had to chase, they have lost one (against the Dutch) and snuck home by one wicket against Pakistan.

More like this
What channel is Australia v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch India v South Africa on TV and online, as well as our pick for key player to watch.

When is India v South Africa?

India v South Africa will take place on Sunday 5th November 2023.

Check out our Cricket World Cup on TV guide for the latest times and information.

India v South Africa UK time

India v South Africa will start at 8:30am.

What TV channel is India v South Africa on?

You can watch the match live on Sky Sports Cricket and Main Event from 8am.

You can add the Sky Sports Cricket channel for just £18 per month or pick up the complete sports package for just £25 per month.

Find out more about the best Sky packages
How to live stream India v South Africa online

Sky Sports customers can live stream the match via the Sky Go app on a variety of devices including most smartphones and tablets as part of their subscription.

You can also watch the match via NOW without signing up to a contract.

NOW can be streamed through a computer or apps found on most smart TVs, phones and consoles. NOW is also available via TNT Sports.

Listen to India v South Africa on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, which is available on DAB radio or you can tune into the station via most TV packages.

You can also listen to Radio 5 Sports Extra via the BBC Sounds app, or online via the BBC Sport website and app.

India v South Africa key player to watch
Temba Bavuma & Quinton de Kock (South Africa)

South Africa’s opening batters have the toughest job in world cricket ahead of them - facing the Indian fast bowlers.

The trio of Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj and Mohammed Shami are the most fearsome, borderline perfect, seam-bowling attack in the world - and it is up to De Kock and Bavuma to see them off and give the rest of their powerful batting line-up the chance to shine later in the innings.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now and celebrate the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who with a special issue of Radio Times. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Cameron Ponsonby
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Australia v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What TV channel is Pakistan v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
All about
ICC Cricket World Cup 2023

News, photos, videos and full episode guide

Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Australia v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What TV channel is Pakistan v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What TV channel is South Africa v Bangladesh Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What channel is New Zealand v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Four months FREE RHS membership!

Save 1/3, plus enjoy a £15 voucher for the RHS Cafés with this exclusive offer!

FIND OUT MORE
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/cricket/india-south-africa-cricket-world-cup-2023-preview/ 
 ----- 
