English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: India vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between India and South Africa?

ODI World Cup 2023: India vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between India and South Africa?
The top of the table clash between India and South Africa could give us a glimpse about what’s to come in the knockout stages of the ODI World Cup 2023.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 03 Nov 2023 11:21 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: November 5, 2023

Time: 2:00 PM IST

Venue: Eden Gardens, Kolkata

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Follow: ODI World Cup 2023 Live Score Here  |   Cricket Match Prediction

Preview

In the match 37th of the ODI World Cup 2023, India will take on South Africa at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata. As the two of the most consistent teams of the flagship tournament, both the Men in Blue and Proteas have been firing on all cylinders, with the bat, ball, and in the field. Therefore, the top-of-the-table clash between India and South Africa could give us a glimpse of what’s to come in the knockout stages of the ODI World Cup 2023.

Pitch Report

The pitches at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata have provided for some quality competition among the batters and the bowlers in the ODI World Cup 2023. With an average first innings score of 234, this venue could challenge the Indian and South African batters to put a substantial total on the board, if the pitches stay true to their current character.

Team Analysis

India

Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, and Shreyas Iyer put together an exhibition of batting against Sri Lanka, notching up half-centuries, to help India post a massive score of 357/8 on the board. The bowling attack of the Men in Blue took the mantle from where the batters left it off, demolishing Sri Lanka for 55, with the fast bowling trio of Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Shami, and Mohammed Siraj picking up the bulk of the wickets.

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

Rohit Sharma (c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Suryakumar Yadav, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohammed Shami, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj

South Africa

The hundreds from Quinton de Kock and Rassie van der Dussen set up a big total of 357/4 on the board for South Africa, against a very good bowling attack from New Zealand. In defence of the target, the Proteas bowlers were on fire from the very beginning, collectively as a unit, with most of the wickets coming the way of Marco Jansen and Keshav Maharaj, to bowl out the opposition for 167 runs.

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa

Quinton de Kock (wk), Temba Bavuma (c), Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Gerald Coetzee, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngidi

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

It’s very difficult to ascertain a potential winner for such a high-quality contest between India and South Africa in the ODI World Cup 2023. But, since the venue is Eden Gardens in Kolkata, the Men in Blue could have a slight edge over the Proteas on November 5. 

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

IndiaSouth AfricaODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-india-vs-south-africa-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-india-and-south-africa-ind-vs-sa-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
