Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
NFL Winners and Losers
Lakers trade D'Angelo Russell
NFL playoff picture
Saquon goes over 2K
History for Raiders rookie Bowers
Powered by
England defender compares Three Lions youngster to Jude Bellingham
Caughtoffside Articles
Thu, Mar 21, 2024·2 min read
England defender compares Three Lions youngster to Jude Bellingham

One England defender has compared Manchester United youngster Kobbie Mainoo to Real Madrid superstar Jude Bellingham.

Mainoo has been a sensation for Manchester United, making his first Premier League start in November and now stands a chance of joining Real Madrid midfielder Bellingham on the plane for this summer’s international duties at the European Championships in Germany.

Harry Maguire is confident that England have unearthed another talent akin to Bellingham. The Manchester United defender has been mentoring 18-year-old Kobbie Mainoo at the club level and believes he is primed for international duty.

Kobbie Mainoo is in line to make his senior international debut during England vs. Brazil on Saturday March 23, 2024.
Maguire compares Kobbie Mainoo to Jude Bellingham

The Man United centre-back has compared his teammate to Bellingham:

“It’s incredible he’s (only) 18, he’s so mature. He’s a bit like Jude was when he was a young boy. He’s got a mature head on his shoulders. I had no concerns. I see day in, day out his ability in training. He just wants to work hard and do well. I congratulated him, said he deserved it, keep it up, and make sure he enjoys himself.

‌”He’s got everything, he can handle the ball brilliantly. He’s really strong, powerful, and you can see the progression to play that role, especially for Manchester United,” via the Mirror.

Similar to Marcus Rashford’s breakthrough ahead of the Euros in 2016 as a teenager at United, Mainoo’s emergence marks another instance of prodigious Red Devils talent surfacing before a major tournament.

Maguire and Rashford mentoring Manchester United prodigy Kobbie Mainoo

Now, Rashford, alongside Maguire, assumes a senior role in guiding Mainoo, considering it a vital aspect of their responsibilities at Old Trafford.

Maguire added: “A role and responsibility for the senior players at Manchester United is to bring through academy players. The club is always built on giving opportunities to young boys, we have numerous of them training with us a lot, we try and make them feel welcome.”

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Week 17 Wrap: Saquon Barkley surpasses 2,000 rushing yards in the fantasy football championships

Fantasy football analyst Dalton Del Don recaps all the action from the championship round in Week 17.

Yahoo Sports
Myles Garrett becomes only player in NFL history with 14-plus sacks in 4 consecutive seasons

Sadly for the Browns, Garrett's success has coincided with some very bad football teams.

Yahoo Sports
Week 17 Pulse Check: Veteran stars come up big in the fantasy football championships

When we needed them most, the old heads came through. Fantasy football analyst Tera Roberts examines four key veteran performances from Week 17.

Yahoo Sports
Amen Thompson throws Tyler Herro to the court, sparking fight in Heat's win over Rockets

Amen Thompson and Tyler Herro were both ejected in the brawl on Sunday night in Houston.

Yahoo Sports
Fantasy football championships delivered by NFL's stars of tomorrow — today

Scott Pianowski highlights several strong rookie performances in Week 17, which will surely end up dictating many fantasy title matchups.

Yahoo Sports
Sports world reacts to death of President Jimmy Carter, with Arthur M. Blank, MLB and more paying tribute

Carter, who died Sunday at age 100, was honored by sports leagues and teams within his native Georgia.

Yahoo Sports
Anthony Edwards fined again for using 'profane language,' this time $100K

The fine is the largest yet for Edwards, whose tally for the season now stands at $235,000. And the NBA made clear on Sunday that fines will escalate for Edwards as a repeat offender.

Yahoo Sports
NFL scores: Vikings top Packers, Dolphins beat Browns as both clubs keep their playoff dreams alive

The Dolphins can still get an AFC wild card spot, while Minnesota can become the No. 1 seed in the NFC with a Week 18 win.

Yahoo Sports
Eagles win NFC East as Saquon Barkley hits 2,000 yards in blowout win over Cowboys

Philadelphia might still have plenty to play for in Week 18 — with Barkley in striking distance of Eric Dickerson's single-season NFL rushing record.

Yahoo Sports
Aaron Rodgers penalized for a bad late hit after throwing interception in blowout loss to Bills

Aaron Rodgers threw two interceptions on Sunday afternoon in Buffalo.

Yahoo Sports
Greg Gumbel receives tribute from CBS' 'The NFL Today,' former studio partner Terry Bradshaw

Gumbel worked 25 years at CBS, which paid homage to the longtime broadcaster during Week 17's "The NFL Today" pregame show.

Yahoo Sports
Military Bowl official ends up with bloody face after trying to break up fight late in East Carolina's win

The Pirates beat NC State 26-21 and eight players were ejected.

Yahoo Sports
Bengals shake off late Broncos TD, win in overtime to keep their playoff hopes alive

The Broncos needed a win on Saturday night to clinch a playoff berth in Week 17.

Yahoo Sports
Bowl season winners and losers: USC starts and ends its 2024 with wins over SEC teams in Vegas

The Trojans got a Week 1 win over LSU and beat Texas A&M in the Las Vegas Bowl.

Yahoo Sports
Patriots rookie QB Drake Maye cleared after concussion test, returns to game vs. Chargers

Drake Maye suffered a concussion in late October against the Jets.

Yahoo Sports
Miami's Cam Ward sets Division I career passing TD record in Pop-Tarts Bowl

Ward entered the game tied with former Houston QB Case Keenum and now has 158 passing TDs.

Yahoo Sports
NFL Week 17 Saturday: Rams outlast Cardinals, Bengals defeat Broncos to contend for AFC's final playoff spot, Chargers clinch playoffs with win over Patriots

AFC and NFC playoff spots are on the line throughout the day as the postseason picture continues to clear up with the season winding down.

Yahoo Sports
Luka Dončić is latest high-profile athlete whose home is burglarized, Dallas police confirm

The NBA and NFL have issued warnings to players to increase security measures as theft rings target their homes for break-ins.

Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck declares for 2025 NFL Draft

Beck underwent surgery to repair the UCL in his right elbow this week after injuring it during the SEC title game.

Yahoo Sports
Alex Ovechkin goals tracker: The Great Eight now 25 away from breaking Wayne Gretzky’s all-time record of 894

We're tracking Alex Ovechkin's chase for Wayne Gretzky's all-time goals record of 894.

Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/england-defender-compares-three-lions-231600490.html 
 ----- 
