SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR $1/WEEK

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

SUBSCRIBER-ONLY NEWSLETTER

On Soccer With Rory Smith
Is Germany Heading for Humiliation at the Euros?

A nation that was soccer’s gold standard a decade ago is now trying anything and everything to find its way. The clock is ticking.

Share full article
Germany’s results since October (a win, a draw and two straight defeats) have not inspired confidence.
Credit...
Fabrizio Bensch/Reuters

By Rory Smith

March 22, 2024
You’re reading the On Soccer With Rory Smith newsletter, for Times subscribers only.  News and analysis, on and off the pitch. Get it with a Times subscription.

Last month, Toni Kroos posted a “short and painless” update to his Instagram feed, confirming that he had decided to heed the honey-soaked call of Julian Nagelsmann, Germany’s relatively new coach, and rescind his international retirement.

He would, he wrote, return to the national team — after three years away — and be available for selection for this summer’s European Championship. Given how torrid Germany’s preparations for the tournament have been, it was a welcome boost: The cavalry was arriving, albeit, this being Kroos, at a gentle, unruffled sort of pace.

There was something about the caption, though, that did not quite fill you with confidence. “Why?” Kroos asked, rhetorically, of his decision to return. “Because I was asked by the national coach, I’m up for it and I’m sure that a lot more is possible with the team at the European Championships than most people believe!”

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

It was not exactly a marketing slogan to stir the soul. As a representation of exactly where Germany is, three months out from a tournament it will host, though, it is hard to beat:

Germany 2024: It probably won’t be as bad as you think.

Image
Julian Nagelsmann and his team will carry the hopes of the host nation into this summer’s Euros.
Credit...
Kirill Kudryavtsev/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images

The reasons for the angst are clear. When he was appointed last September, Nagelsmann became Germany’s third coach in three years. Joachim Löw, the man who had led the country to victory in the 2014 World Cup, had departed after Germany’s forlorn exit from the 2021 European Championship, his team falling to a limp defeat against England in the round of 16.

Löw was replaced by his former assistant, Hansi Flick, the warm, likable coach who had always had the ear of the players and — as is always the case in these situations — had been heralded as the true architect of the golden age. Flick had won a domestic and European treble at Bayern Munich. His appointment was, it seemed, a no-brainer.

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Rory Smith is a global sports correspondent, based in the north of England. He also writes the “On Soccer With Rory Smith” newsletter. More about Rory Smith

A version of this article appears in print on March 23, 2024, Section B, Page 10 of the New York edition with the headline: Germany Looks Lost, and Is Running Out of Time to Find Its Way. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
Share full article

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2024 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions
Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times. Already a subscriber? Log in.
Subscribe now for uninterrupted access.
FINAL HOURS
$1/week for your
first 6 months year.
Billed as $4 every 4 weeks, then $25 thereafter.
Subscribe now
Cancel or pause anytime.
All Access includes news, plus Games, Cooking, Audio, Wirecutter and The Athletic.
Offer for a New York Times All Access subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Some games may be available without a subscription. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $4.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $25.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.

We accept:

 

©2024 The New York Times Company

Help Feedback
We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/22/world/europe/germany-euro-2024.html 
 ----- 
