Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 06, 2024 06:10 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Honduras play host to Trinidad and Tobago in the CONCACAF Nations League on Saturday

Honduras get their 2024 CONCACAF Nations League campaign underway when they play host to Trinidad and Tobago on Saturday. Angus Eve’s men journey to the Estadio Nacional Chelato Uclés on a four-match losing streak against the hosts and will be looking to end this dry spell.

Honduras were denied a third consecutive victory on June 16 when they fell to a 2-1 loss against Ecuador in a friendly at the Rentschler Field.

Before that, Reinaldo Rueda’s side snapped their four-game winless run on June 7 when they beat Cuba 3-1 in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, three days before claiming a 6-1 victory over Bermuda.

Honduras suffered a quarter-final defeat against Mexico in the 2023-24 CONCACAF Nations League last November and will be looking to build on that run this year.

Trending

Trinidad and Tobago, on the other hand, secured their first win of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers in style as they thrashed the Bahamas 7-1 at the SKNFA Technical Center on June 8.

Eve’s men have now won all but one of their last four matches across all competitions, with a 2-2 draw against Grenada at the Hasely Crawford Stadium on June 6 being the exception.

Trinidad now get their Nations League campaign underway as they look to surpass their performance from the 2023-24 edition, where they suffered a 4-2 aggregate defeat against the United States in the quarter-finals.

Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
With 11 wins from the last 20 meetings between the sides, Honduras boast a superior record in the history of this fixture.
Trinidad and Tobago have picked up just three wins in that time, while the spoils have been shared on six occasions.
Honduras are on a four-game winning streak against Eve’s men, scoring 11 goals and conceding twice since a 2-0 loss in July 2013.
Trinidad are unbeaten in six of their last seven matches across all competitions, picking up four wins and two draws since November 2023.
Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago Prediction

While Trinidad have put together a fine run of results in recent outings, they are in for a tough 90 minutes against Honduras, who have won their last four encounters.

Given the gulf in quality between the two teams, we are backing Rueda’s men to secure all three points at the Estadio Nacional Chelato Uclés.

Prediction: Honduras 3-1 Trinidad and Tobago

Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Honduras to win

Tip 2: First to score - Honduras (The hosts have opened the scoring in four of their last five games against Trinidad)

Tip 3: Over 4.5 cards - No (There have also been fewer than five bookings in Honduras’ last six matches)

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Honduras Football
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/honduras-vs-trinidad-tobago-prediction-betting-tips-september-7th-2024 
 ----- 
