Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
WATCH LIVE ON TV AND STREAMING
How to watch Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk September 06, 2024

Here are all of the details of where you can watch Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago on US television and via legal streaming:
WHO	Honduras vs Trinidad and Tobago
WHAT	Concacaf Nations League
WHEN	10pm ET / 7pm PT • Friday, September 6, 2024
WHERE	Paramount+
FREE TRIAL	WATCH NOW
Paramount+ is now offering a 7-day free trial promotion for new subscribers, giving fans the ability to watch a ton of soccer fans (and other content) for free.
After the 7-day trial, Paramount+ is just $7.99 per month.
Saka to be out for a few months! - Arteta
Paramount+ features more than 2,000 live matches each year. In addition to Serie A, the extensive portfolio of soccer properties also includes Coppa Italia, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and UEFA Europa Conference League; English Football League; Carabao Cup; NWSL; Argentina’s Liga Profesional de Fútbol, and more.
Paramount+ includes exclusive original programs such as: Halo, Star Trek: Discovery, Frasier, Lawmen: Bass Reeves, and Evil, as well as movies including Mean Girls, Mission: Impossible Dead Reckoning and more. You can also stream CBSN (CBS News), CBS Sports HQ and ET Live, as well as — with the Premium Plan — your local CBS network.
Paramount+ is available on PC or Mac as well as Roku, iPhone and Android phones, Apple TV, Chromecast, Amazon Fire TV, PlayStation 4, Samsung smart TV, Vizio and XBOX One.
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Here are the steps to sign up for your 7-day free trial to Paramount+:
1. After clicking the ‘Try It Free’ button, you’ll see the following page that explains the two choices you’ll find. Click ‘Continue’ to be presented with the options:

2. Choose between the ‘Paramount+ Essential’ or ‘Paramount+ With Showtime’ options. If you want to save over 15% with an annual plan, click the Annual option. Then hit ‘Continue’ to move on.

3. Next, you’ll need to create a free Paramount+ account:

4. Enter your contact details, and click ‘Continue’ to move to the next step.

5. The following page explains the free 7-day trial:

6. Enter your payment details and then click ‘Start Paramount+’ to begin your free trial.

Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
How to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
Christian Pulisic's injury woes continue: Milan boss Paulo Fonseca reveals concerning update ahead of Roma clash
Risking wrath of Manchester United? Cristiano Ronaldo fuels speculation of Manchester City move amid Guardiola-Messi reunion rumors
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
Cristiano Ronaldo addresses Manchester United's problems: 'It's not the coaches'
Cristiano Ronaldo's Bold Statement: SPL Better Than Ligue 1?
Saudi Pro League Stars Shine, But Fans Stay Home: EFL Clubs Embarrass Ronaldo, Benzema, Neymar
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Ruben Amorim acknowledges his job in Manchester United is 'in danger'
Manchester United coach Ruben Amorim admitted that his job is 'in danger' amid the team's lack of results.
Real Madrid or Barcelona? Premier League star Trent Alexander-Arnold tells Liverpool of his career decision influenced by Jude Bellingham
A lot of curiosity surrounds Trent Alexander-Arnold's future. As his contract expires at the conclusion of the season, the 26-year-old is caught between global soccer rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona in a transfer tug-of-war.
How to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
Find out how to watch Porto vs Boavista in the USA with live stream options and TV channels for the 2024-25 Primeira Liga season.
Christian Pulisic's injury woes continue: Milan boss Paulo Fonseca reveals concerning update ahead of Roma clash
Christian Pulisic's absence has dealt a blow to AC Milan as they prepare for a crucial Serie A fixture against Roma at San Siro on Sunday. Now Paulo Fonseca’s latest injury update has raised an alarm.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/honduras-vs-trinidad-and-tobago-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
