Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SF Giants 3B J.D. Davis leaves game vs. Padres with shoulder strain
The SF Giants removed corner bat J.D. Davis from Tuesday night's game against the San Diego Padres with an injury.
Marc Delucchi | Sep 26, 2023
SF Giants 3B J.D. Davis leaves game vs. Padres with shoulder strain /
In this story:
San Francisco Giants

The SF Giants removed third baseman J.D. Davis from Tuesday night's game against the San Diego Padres in the top of the fourth inning, lifted for pinch-hitter Luis Matos (Giants Top 4 Prospect). Davis had seemed to be favoring his shoulder after a head-first slide into third base trying to extend a double in the bottom of the first inning. The team later revealed that he was removed from the game with a left shoulder strain.

With less than a week left in the regular season, Davis could have very easily played the final game of his season. While the Giants (and Davis) obviously are hopeful he avoided a serious injury, with San Francisco out of playoff contention, it might make sense to be conservative and place Davis on the injured list to finish the season and give his playing time to a younger player like Marco Luciano, Tyler Fitzgerald, or Casey Schmitt-who could be recalled to take Davis' spot on the roster.

Davis has been one of the Giants' few everyday players this season, providing excellent defense at third base alongside a .246/.325/.413 triple-slash with 23 doubles and 18 home runs in 144 games. Under team control through 2024 via arbitration, Davis seems like a surefire bet to be tendered a contract. However, with no guarantees, that could change if he suffered a serious shoulder injury that could sideline him through next season.

Published Sep 26, 2023
MARC DELUCCHI

Marc Delucchi (he/they/she) serves as the Managing Editor at Giants Baseball Insider, leading their SF Giants coverage. As a freelance journalist, he has previously covered the San Francisco Giants at Around the Foghorn and McCovey Chronicles. He also currently contributes to Niners Nation, Golden State of Mind, and Baseball Prospectus. He has previously been featured in several other publications, including SFGate, ProFootballRumors, Niners Wire, GrandStand Central, Call to the Pen, and Just Baseball. Over his journalistic career, Marc has conducted investigations into how one prep baseball player lost a college opportunity during the pandemic (Baseball Prospectus) and the rampant mistreatment of players at the University of Hawaii football program under former head coach Todd Graham (SFGate). He has also broken dozens of news stories around professional baseball, primarily around the SF Giants organization, including the draft signing of Kyle Harrison, injuries and promotions to top prospects like Heliot Ramos, and trade details in the Kris Bryant deal. Marc received a Bachelor's degree from Kenyon College with a major in economics and a minor in Spanish. During his time in college, he conducted a summer research project attempting to predict the future minor-league performance of NCAA hitters, worked as a data analyst for the school's Women's basketball team, and worked as a play-by-play announcer/color commentator for the basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams. He also worked as an amateur baseball scout with the Collegiate Baseball Scouting Network (later renamed Evolution Metrix), scouting high school and college players for three draft cycles. For tips and inquiries, feel free to reach out to Marc directly on Twitter or via email (delucchimarc@gmail.com).

Follow maddelucchi

Home
/
San Francisco Giants News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/giants/news/sf-giants-injuries-jd-davis-leaves-game-padres 
 ----- 
