Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI SWIMSUIT
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SI SHOPS
MY ACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Padres’ Josh Hader Explains Decision to Make Himself Unavailable During Monday’s Loss
The San Diego reliever addressed his decision not to pitch during the team’s push for the postseason.
Karl Rasmussen | Sep 26, 2023
Padres’ Josh Hader Explains Decision to Make Himself Unavailable During Monday’s Loss /
In this story:
San Diego Padres

Padres closer Josh Hader did not make himself available to pitch during Monday’s loss against the Giants, despite a situation that was seemingly ideal for the team’s premier relief pitcher.

Needing four outs in order to shut the door on San Francisco, San Diego was clinging onto a 1–0 lead. With two outs in the top of the eighth, the Padres were forced to turn to Robert Suárez because Hader did not make himself available to enter the game to pitch for four outs.

Suarez surrendered two runs in the eighth inning and San Diego lost 2–1. 

Hader, a five-time All-Star, has not pitched more than three outs in a regular season game since 2020. Even with San Diego’s playoff hopes hanging in the balance, Hader opted against lifting his restriction.

After the loss, Hader explained his decision not to make himself available, suggesting his choice came down to the team’s current situation.

“It’s the situation that we are at,” said Hader on Monday night, via AJ Cassavell of MLB.com. “Are we in the playoff race?”

Following Monday’s loss, the Padres would have to win out their remaining five games to reach the postseason. While still technically in the playoff race, it’s highly unlikely.

“It has nothing to do with the offseason,” said Hader, who is set to hit free agency after the 2023 season. “It’s the now, it’s the health, it’s the making it through the entire season—162 games is not an easy task to do. You see guys work overloads, they get injured.” 

This season, Hader has made 57 appearances and registered 31 saves. He owns a 1.19 ERA with 81 strikeouts across 53 innings on the mound. 

Published Sep 26, 2023
KARL RASMUSSEN

Karl Rasmussen is a staff writer for the Breaking and Trending News team for Sports Illustrated. A University of Oregon alum who joined SI in February 2023, his work has appeared on 12up and ClutchPoints. Rasmussen is a loyal Tottenham, Jets, Yankees and Ducks fan.

Follow Karlras920

Home
/
MLB
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
FAQ
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/2023/09/26/padres-josh-hader-explains-decision-make-himself-unavailable-during-monday-loss 
 ----- 
