Sign in

Choose your location

See all locations
Enable GPS or enter your city manually for accurate local news.
Local News
Headlines
Newsletter
ABOUT NEWSBREAK
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Contact
Press Room
Blog
PARTNER WITH US
Publishers
Advertisers
Contributors
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Don’t Sell My Info
Community Standards
FOLLOW US
©2024 NewsBreak. All Rights Reserved.
FanSided
·
Follow
user · 442.2K followers
Philadelphia
Eagles legend Donovan McNabb calls out Daniel Jones and Giants out of nowhere

By Braulio Perez,

2023-09-24
Donovan McNabb knows all about a good rivalry with the NY Giants. He put up some big games for the Eagles while taking on the G-Men. He also spent a season with Washington - which was incredibly weird to see. McNabb is enjoying life in retirement, which includes him watching...
Read full article
6
COMMENTS / 3
Post
Community Policy
Ed
2023-09-26
No one could play QB behind that OL.
Reply
0
Robert Moss
2023-09-25
I should have stayed quiet in the super bowl and played team ball but you talking trash to T.O y'all should have won that game... I'm a Steelers fan but a fan of the game
Reply
0
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
The World Around Jae and Beyond
·
Follow
user · 29.8K followers
Jay-Z Faces Fire Over Rihanna, Alleged 'Celebrity B' Revealed by Alex Spiro During Press Conference

Disclosure: State of Alabama-based writer. This article is a work from cited sources for informational purposes and is used with permission. No affiliate links are included. Last week, a clip from The Tyra Banks Showbegan circulating on Reddit. In it, a teenage Rihanna recalls how she auditioned for Jay-Z, then-president and CEO of Def Jam Records, and the label's chairman, Antonio "L.A." Reidy. Rihanna explained that she performed "Pon de Replay," the song that would later catapult her to stardom. "They were interested," she told Banks, reflecting on the audition that changed her life.

Alabama · 20d
968
479
Share
Akeena
·
Follow
user · 28.6K followers
Jeff Bezos’ Fiancée, Lauren Sanchez, Announces Her Son Attending a Florida University

Lauren Sanchez, fiancée of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, is celebrating a major milestone for her younger son, Evan Whitesell. The 18-year-old will soon begin his academic journey at the University of Miami, where he plans to study at the Herbert Business School. Sanchez shared the news on her Instagram Stories this past Sunday, expressing her excitement and pride. “My heart is bursting,” she wrote. “Beyond proud of you.”

Miami, FL · 
24d
154
119
Share
Chrissie Massey
·
Follow
user · 37.0K followers
Young and the Restless Spoilers: Vail Bloom Returns As Heather, Sharon's Flashback Under Hypnosis

The Young and the Restless (Y&R) spoilers tease that Vail Bloom is set to return as Heather Stevens in the week of December 16, though not through a resurrection storyline. Instead, Stevens will appear during Sharon Newman's (Sharon Case) flashback sequence as she undergoes another hypnosis session.

Kansas · 26d
112
10
Share
This site uses various technologies, including third-party cookies, pixels, and codes, to personalize our website functionalities, measure website usage and performance and provide targeting advertising. Information about your site visit may be stored or shared with third parties as identified in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this website you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. If you select Reject Cookies we will not set cookies on your browser except for cookies that are strictly necessary to operate our Site and a single 'Reject Cookies' preference cookie.
... more
Accept Cookies
Reject
Comments /
Community Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newsbreak.com/fansided-510057/3168539972974-eagles-legend-donovan-mcnabb-calls-out-daniel-jones-and-giants-out-of-nowhere 
 ----- 
