Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
China's football World Cup hopes in serious danger after South Korea loss
CHINA

Tuesday, 11 Jun 2024

9:09 PM MYT

South Korea's Lee Kang-in celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates during the World Cup AFC Asian Qualifiers Group C match against China at the Seoul World Cup Stadium on Tuesday, June 11, 2004. South Korea won 1-0. - Reuters

SEOUL (AFP): China's hopes of qualifying for the 2026 World Cup were left hanging by a thread after suffering a damaging 1-0 defeat at South Korea on Tuesday.

Paris Saint-Germain's Lee Kang-in scored the only goal just after the hour in Seoul when he fired home from close range, with skipper Son Heung-min heavily involved in the build-up.

South Korea were already into the third and final stage of qualifying as group winners, but China's defeat leaves them in serious trouble of an early exit.

Thailand will leapfrog China into second in Group C -- and a place in the next phase -- if they defeat Singapore and overturn China's slightly superior goal difference.

With no more games to play in the second qualifying round, China's defeat left them on eight points and a goal difference of zero.

Thailand go into their home fixture against basement side Singapore later Tuesday with five points and a goal difference of minus two.

South Korea may already have topped the group but they had more of the ball for much of the contest at Seoul World Cup Stadium.

STARPICKS
Raising the standard of living for Malaysians

Midway through the first period Son, the Tottenham attacker, fired a free-kick from distance onto the roof of Wang Dalei's goal.

The Koreans, under caretaker coach Kim Do-hoon, continued to put pressure on the visitors' defence but it was China who could have taken the lead 10 minutes before the break.

Xu Haoyang whipped in a delicious free-kick from the right but Jiang Shenglong could only flash his unmarked header wide of the home goal.

Under then-coach Jurgen Klinsmann, South Korea were comfortable 3-0 winners away at China in November, with Son scoring twice.

Themselves under a new coach in Croatia's Branko Ivankovic, China held on for an hour this time, until Lee struck to leave their World Cup dreams in danger.

Son crossed from the left and the ball eventually fell to Lee near the penalty spot, the attacking midfielder arriving at the perfect time to rifle the ball into the net on 61 minutes. - AFP

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
China , World Cup Qualifiers , Big Loss , South Korea , Qualification , In Danger

   
How useful is this article to you?

100% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
ASEANPLUS NEWS 10h ago
Zelensky urges China to put pressure on North Korea over troops
CHINA 9h ago
Anwar confident in enhancing China-Asean cooperation as M'sia gears...
LAOS 14h ago
Laos and China launch QR payment system for cashless tourism
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in AseanPlus

1

THAILAND1d ago
Thailand to impose top-up tax from Jan 1

2

CHINA1d ago
‘China’s grandma’ hospital cleaner adopts 38 abandoned babies, in line for top moral award

3

SINGAPORE1d ago
Two-year-old Singapore girl hit on head by falling metal bar at playground

4

ASEANPLUS NEWS1d ago
China's Yiche ethnic minority, known for open relationships, earliest wearers of mini-shorts

5

ASEANPLUS NEWS26 Dec 2024
Taiwan son scams online scammers to get back US$21,000 father loses to crooks

6

SOUTH KOREA26 Dec 2024
Mr Sunshine’ actor applied for Kia factory job. The result is …

7

CHINA1d ago
Images show new novel Chinese military aircraft designs, experts say

8

SINGAPORE26 Dec 2024
Singaporean killed in Italy blast: Remains found in rubble likely those of his wife

9

SINGAPORE1d ago
Jail for man who had sex with underage girl, then lied to cop that youth had raped her

10

SINGAPORE1d ago
MRT, bus fares for adults to go up by 10 cents in Singapore from Dec 28
Others Also Read
ENTERTAINMENT1d ago
'Baby Driver' actor Hudson Meek dies at 16 after falling from moving vehicle
STARPICKS
The silent sting of shingles
INTERNET1d ago
The speed of human thought lags far behind your Internet connection, study finds
NATION1d ago
No to electricity tariff hike that would badly impact majority of Malaysians...
BUSINESS1d ago
SC reprimands Bybit for operating illegal digital asset exchange
FOOTBALL1d ago
New Harimau Malaya CEO to be named soon
NATION1d ago
Anwar has 'fruitful, engaging' discussion with Thaksin
ECONOMY1d ago
Penang, Johor, Selangor, Sarawak and KL dominates Malaysia's exports in...
NATION1d ago
Thunderstorm warnings issued for several states
NATION1d ago
Public caning for khalwat offender draws crowd in Kuala Terengganu
NATION1d ago
Muslims permitted to photograph festive decorations with conditions
CORPORATE NEWS1d ago
Govt to decide on proposed 14% electricity tariff hike by mid-2025
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2024 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/aseanplus/aseanplus-news/2024/06/11/china039s-football-world-cup-hopes-in-serious-danger-after-south-korea-loss 
 ----- 
