Skip to main content
Best News Website or Mobile Service 
Digital Media Awards Worldwide 2022
Sign In
My Feed
Search
Edition Menu
Hamburger Menu
Main navigation
Top Stories
Latest News
Asia
East Asia
Singapore
Commentary
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Watch
Listen
ADVERTISEMENT

East Asia

Beaten China squeeze into final phase of World Cup qualifying
South Korea's Hwang Hee-chan (right) fights for the ball with China's Jiang Guangtai during the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asia zone qualifiers football match between South Korea and China in Seoul on Jun 11, 2024. (Photo: AFP/Jung Yeon-je)…see more
11 Jun 2024 11:35PM (Updated: 11 Jun 2024 11:49PM)
Bookmark
Share

HONG KONG: China squeezed into the third and final round of Asian qualifying for the 2026 World Cup despite suffering a 1-0 defeat at South Korea on Tuesday (Jun 11), with Indonesia also progressing on a night of drama.

Paris Saint-Germain's Lee Kang-in scored just after the hour in Seoul for South Korea, who were already into the next qualifying phase as group winners.

The damaging loss left China's World Cup hopes hanging by a thread, but Thailand failed to take advantage as their dreams of progressing fell agonisingly short.

They needed to beat basement side Singapore by three goals in Bangkok to leapfrog China into second place in Group C of the second qualifying phase, but the Thais could only win 3-1.

China and Thailand finished with the same number of points and the same goal difference, but the Chinese went through with a superior head-to-head record.

Some of the Thai players were in tears at the end.

In contrast to the crushing disappointment in Bangkok, Indonesia celebrated reaching the third qualifying round for the first time with a 2-0 home victory over the Philippines.

Indonesia joined Iraq in advancing out of Group F, with Thom Haye and Rizky Ridho the goal-scoring heroes in front of a raucous crowd of 64,000 in Jakarta.

FIVE-STAR JAPAN 

Elsewhere, coach Hajime Moriyasu warned Japan that the final qualifying round will be "a completely different level" after thrashing Syria 5-0 to go through with a 100 per cent record.

Moriyasu's side completed the second qualifying stage on maximum points with 24 goals scored and none conceded after an easy win in Hiroshima.

Japan are looking to qualify for their eighth straight World Cup when the tournament takes place in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

"We were facing a team that had to win, and the players got the result by working hard to prepare, doing the things that they had to do," said the coach.

"But the final round coming up will be a completely different level from the second round."

North Korea thrashed Myanmar 4-1 in Vientiane, the capital of Laos, to leapfrog Syria and join Japan in moving out of Group B.

In Group D, Malaysia defeated Taiwan 3-1 at home but it is unlikely to be enough, unless Kyrgyzstan lose to Oman later by seven goals.

In a dead rubber in Group I, Australia thrashed Palestine 5-0 in Perth with Portsmouth's Kusini Yengi scoring twice, one from the spot. Both sides were already into the next phase.

Like Japan, Australia had maximum points in the second phase and did not concede a goal in six games.

Eighteen teams will contest the third qualifying round in Asia, when there will be direct spots for the World Cup up for grabs.

Also read:
Son stars as South Korea rout Singapore 7-0 at packed National Stadium
Source: AFP/rl
Related Topics
Football
ADVERTISEMENT
Also worth reading
Indonesian serial rapist Reynhard Sinaga attacked in UK prison, man charged: Report
Japanese actress Miho Nakayama died due to 'unfortunate accident', agency announces
Actress Sora Ma reveals her husband died 6 months ago, before the birth of their son
Woman who was sued by Raymond Ng killed herself in part due to rising legal costs, coroner finds
CNA Sections
Asia
Singapore
Business
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Luxury
CNA938 Live
Newsletters
Commentary
Interactives
Live TV
Sport
World
Special Reports
About CNA
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Correspondents
Presenters
Mediacorp Network
 Follow our news
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
RSS

Copyright© Mediacorp 2024. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.

Official Domain | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Report Vulnerability
This browser is no longer supported

We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with CNA to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.

To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.

Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.channelnewsasia.com/east-asia/china-2026-world-cup-progresses-third-qualifying-round-4402591 
 ----- 
