Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
GTA
Shake Shack will finally open its doors in Toronto. Here’s what’s on the menu

Twenty years after first opening in New York City, there are now more than 300 locations in America as well as outposts in countries such as China, Mexico and Turkey.

Updated June 11, 2024 at 4:26 p.m.
June 10, 2024
3 min read
Save

The classic smash burger and ShackMeister ale from Bellwoods Brewery at Shake Shack, which opens its first Canadian location on June 13.

Nick Lachance Toronto Star
By Karon LiuFood Reporter

No longer will Torontonians have to hop on a flight to the U.S. for a taste of Shake Shack. This Thursday morning, the popular burger joint is opening its first Canadian location at Yonge and Dundas, 20 years after the smash burger and crinkle fry joint opened its first location at a New York City park.

“The logistics of entering the market with the right food and suppliers; that’s what took a lot of time (to open here) even though Canada is so close,” said Shake Shack culinary director Jim Frisch at the Monday afternoon preview of the 135-seat, two-floor restaurant inside the former Adidas flagship store. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Karon Liu is a Toronto-based food reporter for the Star. Reach him via email: karonliu@thestar.ca.

Related Stories
Here’s when Shake Shack will open in Toronto, and what’s exclusive on the menu for Canada
Canada’s 100 Best Restaurants list for 2024 is here. These Toronto-area dining spots made the cut
We ate at Toronto’s New Ho King, the spot Kendrick Lamar name-dropped. Here’s what to order
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
14 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
11 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
7 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
10 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
13 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
7 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: The joke is over for the leader of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada
9 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
2 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More News
GTA
At Toronto’s ‘Museum of Bad Gifts,’ where unwanted presents are ‘another person’s treasure’
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Motorcyclist dead after collision in York Region, police seek witnesses
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Fireworks, skating and New Year’s Eve parties: Here’s where you can ring in 2025 in Toronto
Article was updated 5 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Man charged with assault, arson after two-alarm apartment fire in Etobicoke
Article was updated 5 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/shake-shack-will-finally-open-its-doors-in-toronto-heres-whats-on-the-menu/article_dcaee3c4-275e-11ef-a16b-a78a4a8973e9.html 
 ----- 
