 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Wednesday, Jan 8th 2025 10AM 23°F 
1PM 27°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
EXCLUSIVEJason Holder claims it is 'bittersweet' to see Barbados-born Jacob Bethell playing for England - as West Indies all-rounder insists his side have 'no fear' ahead of white-ball tour
Jacob Bethell was born in Barbados but made his England debut last month
Bethell is set to play against the West Indies during England's white-ball tour
Tune in to England's tour of the West Indies, starting with the first ODI live on TNT Sports 1 from 5.30pm on 31st October. Sign up to TNT Sports and discovery+ here 

By AADAM PATEL

PUBLISHED: 12:38 EST, 30 October 2024 | UPDATED: 06:21 EST, 31 October 2024

e-mail
53
shares

View comments

For Jason Holder, the former West Indies captain, seeing Barbados-born Jacob Bethell picked for England leaves a ‘bittersweet’ feeling.

Bethell is part of England’s squad for their white-ball tour of the Caribbean (which starts on Thursday, live on TNT Sports in the UK) and as Mail Sport revealed earlier this week, the 21-year-old is part of the touring party for the Test series against New Zealand.

‘I met Jacob (Bethell) at the airport during the U19 World Cup in 2022,’ says Holder, who is also from Barbados. 

‘I’d heard of him and then I first saw him play on Brian Lara’s Instagram page. He must have been about 12 or 13 years old. He was very small but Brian talked him up to be special and you can see that because he looks at home on the international circuit. 

'It’s no surprise to see England backing him with their mantra and hopefully he grabs the opportunity and makes the most of it. Moments like this - we’ve had Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer and now Bethell - leave kind of a bittersweet feeling because we’re losing great cricketers to England but also I'm happy for them because they're playing international cricket.’

+
5
View gallery

Jason Holder said it is 'bittersweet' to see Barbados-born Jacob Bethell playing for England

+
5
View gallery

The West Indies all-rounder praised Bethell's quality and insisted he is happy for the youngster

+
5
View gallery

He impressed against Australia last month in what was his first taste of international cricket

Read More
EXCLUSIVE
 England make latest surprise selection as they call up Jacob Bethell for Test tour of New Zealand 

And Holder stressed that Archer, who is part of England’s squad for the three ODIs and five T20Is, is still keen to play Test cricket for England, despite injuries. The 29-year-old last played a Test match in 2021.

‘Jofra’s body will tell him what he can and can’t do. He’s a cricket nut. He loves the game but his body is the only thing that can tell him. Either way, it’s good to have him fit for sure,’ the 32-year-old said.

England’s Test team have not won a series in the Caribbean since 2004, while the white-ball side have lost each of their last three series and Holder insists that West Indies feel ‘no fear’ whenever England tour.

+
5
View gallery

Holder also insisted that the West Indies have 'no fear' ahead of the upcoming white-ball tour

+
5
View gallery

Holder similarly stressed that Jofra Archer, who was also born in Barbados, is still keen to play Test cricket for England, despite injuries. The 29-year-old last played a Test match in 2021

‘There’s no fear for sure - an England series is always a big series for us and whenever you do well against England, it’s recognised around the world. Of course, the English public travels and supports well and we love playing in front of massive crowds. Historically, it’s always been a great rivalry and a great spectacle and a really good chance to shine,' Holder added.

England will be led during the ODI leg of the tour by Liam Livingstone, with Jos Buttler continuing his recovery following a calf injury that has kept him out since July. Buttler hopes to return for the T20 series, which begins on November 9.

 

Tune in to England's tour of the West Indies, starting with the first ODI live on TNT Sports 1 from 5.30pm on 31st October.

England Cricket
New Zealand
Share or comment on this article: Jason Holder claims it is 'bittersweet' to see Barbados-born Jacob Bethell playing for England - as West Indies all-rounder insists his side have 'no fear' ahead of white-ball tour
e-mail
53
shares
Add comment
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
Brian Matusz dead at 37: Tributes pour in for ex-Cubs and Orioles star
Watch insane moment Penn State's stadium collapses to kickstart $700m renovations
Transformation of aging Beaver Stadium began at the weekend
EXCLUSIVERevealed: Hulk Hogan's backstage reaction to getting booed at WWE's Netflix debut in LA
Has a love-hate relationship with fans 
Travis Kelce gives awkward summary of New York trip with Taylor Swift on latest New Heights
ADVERTISEMENT
Angel Reese deletes Instagram after fans savaged her revealing New Year's Eve outfit
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
Russell Crowe is accused of hiding the 'real' reason he shot down bombshell report that he is trying to sell his stake in Souths
Former NFL star hinted at Fox rumors weeks ago with mystery FS1 'romance' comments
Eagle-eyed fans believe he knew a while ago
Ex-NFL star suggests Fox Sports sex scandal involving Joy Taylor cost him his job
Marcellus Wiley hinted that the alleged 'love triangle' hurt him
Travis Kelce reveals the only time of year he wouldn't marry Taylor Swift
ADVERTISEMENT
San Francisco 49ers fire coach after falling from Super Bowl runners up to playoffs failure
Inside the Kansas City Chiefs' travel chaos: Travis Kelce lifts the lid on team's Denver nightmare
Who is Joy Taylor? All you need to know about Fox Sports host amid bombshell lawsuit
Taylor joined Fox Sports in March 2016, working her way up the ladder
Who is Noushin Faraji? The hairstylist at center of blockbuster Fox Sports lawsuit involving Skip Bayless and Joy Taylor
ADVERTISEMENT
Kylie Kelce makes shock Tinder confession after meeting husband Jason on dating app
Opened up on her dating life
Dallas Cowboys star Brandon Aubrey breaks his silence after hitting a cheerleader in the head
Michael Strahan leaves fans fuming with response to Rob Gronkowski ranting about New England Patriots
Revealed: Former Brazil star Hulk's 'wedding vows after he married his ex-wife's NIECE in £2.6m ceremony'
Fox Sports' Joy Taylor slept with ex-NFL star Emmanuel Acho and network exec to advance career, suit claims
Walkout songs, mic'd-up trash talk, shot clocks and simulators: Inside TGL and Tiger Woods' new world of golf
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Tyson's friend claims fight with Jake Paul was 'rigged' - as he reveals the moment he believes proves bout was fixed
Travis Kelce's punishment revealed by NFL for his celebration after breaking Tony Gonzalez's Chiefs record
Incredible moment Tiger Woods nails the camera at TGL on first attempt
Father of Georgia coach Kirby Smart dead after falling during Sugar Bowl trip to New Orleans
Hulk Hogan, 71, is BOOED OUT of WWE and stutters over his words after fans turned on him for declaring he is racist in historic n-word rant about his daughter's...
Tiger Woods gives four-word verdict on YouTube star Grant Horvat after golf legend was asked to give advice
Stirring moment fans chant U-S-A at Sugar Bowl in tribute to New Orleans terror attack victims
Falcons 'have already made a decision' on future of $180m flop Kirk Cousins after awful first season
Liverpool fans unite after Elon Musk's father reveals the billionaire wants to buy the Reds in bombshell interview - and claim the world's richest man would 'wi...
Bodybuilder and YouTube star Park Seung-hyun who admitted to using drugs dies aged 35
ADVERTISEMENT
Fans hail Colin Cowherd's unlikely 'win' in bombshell Fox Sports lawsuit
Troy Deeney in tetchy spat with Nigel Reo-Coker and ex-US star Mike Grella live on TV while working 'unpaid' for American channel CBS - after fans slammed him f...
Inside Luke Littler's upbringing and how it made him a darts superstar: Rival stepped in to confront his 'dead critical' taxi driver dad - but it paid off for w...
Two-time World Series champion Justin Verlander signs $15m deal with new MLB team at age of 41
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce 'will marry this year and have kids', claims NFL legend
After 18 months of the couple dating
Travis Kelce slams claims the Chiefs deliberately lost to stop the Bengals making the NFL playoffs
How much would Elon Musk have to pay to buy Liverpool? Premier League club's worth revealed after his father claimed billionaire wants to buy them
Jude Bellingham 'in a new relationship with stunning popstar', reports in Spain claim
Ex-Cowboys star Ezekiel Elliott signs for Super Bowl contender after being cut by Dallas and Jerry Jones
Mikel Arteta bizarrely blames the Carabao Cup BALL for Arsenal's missed chances against Newcastle... as he bemoans his side 'kicking a lot over the bar' during ...
Tottenham emerge as contenders to sign Marcus Rashford on loan but face competition from European rivals for wantaway Man United star
Elon Musk buying Liverpool would be like seeing your dream home bulldozed - he is everything this city cannot stand and even if he made every ticket free I woul...
MAN UNITED CONFIDENTIAL: The truth about why Kobbie Mainoo and Alejandro Garnacho may be sold and how United stopped their team news leaks
Chelsea leading the chase for Kobbie Mainoo if he leaves Man United, as they hit contract stalemate with academy poster boy, 19, and face a budget squeeze
Jason Kelce gets concerning news about his late-night ESPN talk show
ADVERTISEMENT
Mahomes throws shade at axed Raiders coach Pierce... after his controversial plan to rough up QB
Their beef goes back 10 months 
Kirk Herbstreit reveals he nearly quit ESPN's College GameDay... here's why
NFL fans are all saying the same thing after Chiefs suffer stunning 38-0 loss without Kelce and Mahomes
Vikings lineman Dalton Risner's wife says she was 'heckled, touched and called names' by Lions fans in Detroit
Woods and McIlroy's 'awesome' TGL debut gets thumbs up from fans on star-studded opening night
League began with New York taking on The Bay
Championship club 'set to SACK manager' amid fear of back-to-back relegations
Dave Portnoy, Stephen A. Smith savaged for Joy Taylor takes by Jason Whitlock amid Fox's bombshell sex lawsuit
Had his say 
Chiefs face more travel chaos after Broncos clash as fresh blizzard warning sweeps through Kansas City
Barcelona 'CAN register Dani Olmo but only for the time being' after club lodged appeal as Man United and Man City are dealt blow
Antonio Brown makes vile comment about Joy Taylor's outfit after her return to Fox amid bombshell lawsuit
ADVERTISEMENT
Revealed: Mauro Icardi's X-rated sex texts to estranged wife Wanda Nara amid the couple's messy divorce after tumultuous 10-year relationship
Biles' NFL husband Owens is ripped by fans after awful attempt at the Lambeau Leap
Not quite as good a leap as we saw from Simone in Paris last summer 
Starting NFL quarterback announces birth of first child as he and stunning wife pose with new baby girl
Adorable post on social media 
Man United LOSE protracted battle with Arsenal over FA Cup allocation - as FA deny their request for final 1,000 tickets to go to neutral fans
Huge update on pregnant Brittany Mahomes after Patrick was caught up in Chiefs travel chaos
German football club mourn death of 22-year-old midfielder Luca Meixner, who was 'found dead in his bed' just two days after Christmas
NFL team locks in 2025 No. 1 Draft pick after dramatic reshuffle on final day of the season
Mystery over tennis star Daniil Medvedev's absence from Australia is solved as he reveals his baby joy
Kirby Smart sits courtside with his son at UGA basketball game... days after suffering family tragedy
Argentinian sports reporter breaks silence on Lionel Messi affair rumors
Inter Miami star's public interactions with journalist sparked speculation
ADVERTISEMENT
Elon Musk wants to buy Liverpool FC, billionaire's father reveals - after he opened up on his 'very poor' working class grandmother's roots in the city
Aston Villa's billionaire owner 'considering leaving the UK because of tax reasons'
Watch Newcastle supporters gatecrash Arsenal fan channel broadcast after Magpies earn shock 2-0 Carabao Cup semi-final first leg win over the Gunners
Kansas City Chiefs make huge Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes call hours before NFL finale against Broncos
West Ham ready to sack Julen Lopetegui TODAY, as they issue update with big hint on his future... as Graham Potter leads as No 1 target but with a surprise 'Pla...
Here's why Tottenham and trophies have never gone together - Spurs are lucky anyone still thinks we have a Big Six not a Big Five, writes MATT BARLOW
Bayless 'offered Fox Sports hair stylist $1.5m to have sex with him', bombshell lawsuit claims
Shocking allegations in 42-page suit filed in LA 
Real Madrid legend Roberto Carlos, 51, 'is sleeping at the club's training ground as he divorces his wife and mother of two of his ELEVEN children amid bitter b...
Business as usual for Joy Taylor again as FS1 star hosts 'Speak' live from Cosm LA in wake of Fox lawsuit
Carlos Alcaraz delivers hilarious congratulations message to Alex De Minaur and Katie Boulter after their engagement - as the Spaniard also lifts the lid on his...
ADVERTISEMENT
Brett Favre slams Joe Biden's Medal of Freedom selections that included Lionel Messi and Magic Johnson
NBA star Walker Kessler's shocked reaction as he watches stunning girlfriend named Miss America
Revealed: The most valuable footballers in the world - £209m Jude Bellingham beats £184m Erling Haaland in boffins' list... and which Premier League stars crack...
Super Bowl contender Detroit Lions get major injury boost from David Montgomery going into the playoffs
Bill Simmons goes viral for his reaction  to glamorous Nikki Bella dancing for the cameras at WWE RAW
NFL fans concerned for Colts owner Jim Irsay after shocking video emerges
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Cricket RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Troy Deeney in tetchy spat with Nigel Reo-Coker and ex-US star Mike Grella live on TV while working 'unpaid'...
Tottenham emerge as contenders to sign Marcus Rashford on loan but face competition from European rivals for...
Inside Luke Littler's upbringing and how it made him a darts superstar: Rival stepped in to confront his...
Jude Bellingham 'in a new relationship with stunning popstar', reports in Spain claim
MAN UNITED CONFIDENTIAL: The truth about why Kobbie Mainoo and Alejandro Garnacho may be sold and how United...
Ad Feature
Hideki Matsuyama finished with a PGA Tour 72-hole record of 35-under-par to win The Sentry last weekend -...
West Ham ready to sack Julen Lopetegui TODAY, as they issue update with big hint on his future... as Graham...
Elon Musk buying Liverpool would be like seeing your dream home bulldozed - he is everything this city...
Man United LOSE protracted battle with Arsenal over FA Cup allocation - as FA deny their request for final...
Championship club 'set to SACK manager' amid fear of back-to-back relegations
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU remember the Liverpool team that thumped Arsenal 5-1 in December 2018?
Revealed: The most valuable footballers in the world - £209m Jude Bellingham beats £184m Erling Haaland in...
Here's why Tottenham and trophies have never gone together - Spurs are lucky anyone still thinks we have a...
RACING CONFIDENTIAL: How Man City owner Sheikh Mansour can take over racing with world-class £23m stud farm
Watch Newcastle supporters gatecrash Arsenal fan channel broadcast after Magpies earn shock 2-0 Carabao Cup...
Arsenal 0-2 Newcastle PLAYER RATINGS: Who was the 'complete package'? Whose display was 'assured and...
Why Nottingham Forest really can win the Premier League: The 'finishers' approach, Nuno's blueprint for...
Trent Alexander-Arnold is playing a dangerous game - here's how he can leave Liverpool and preserve the...
Inside Leeds' Promised Land strategy: The four positions they want to upgrade in January, the secrets behind...
How Ruben Amorim outfoxed Liverpool with risks, trust and roaming centre backs - and what's needed now in...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/cricket/article-14020807/Jason-Holder-Barbados-Jacob-Bethell-England-West-Indies.html 
 ----- 
