CLOSE
SECTIONS
Home
Kathmandu
Nepal
COVID-19
Covid Connect
World
Opinion
Business
Sports
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Science&Tech
Blog
Environment
Health
       
TRENDING
Nepal
11 faint, two injured in Nepal as earthquake strikes with epicenter in Tibet
Nims Purja's Elite Exped loses court case, told to pay Rs 11.3m to Ghising
Bangladesh's ailing former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia to undergo medical treatment in London
'Collaboration with India can mitigate Nepal's food security concerns'

MORE

     Wednesday, 08 January 2025
        SEARCH
Videos E-Paper
MENU
Sports
Nepal defeats India to reach SAFF Women's Championship final
By Sandeep Sen
Published: 08:30 am Oct 28, 2024
     
Nepal teammates celebrate after defeating India in a penalty shootout in the SAFF Women's Championship 2024 at Dasharath Stadium in Kathmandu, Nepal, on Sunday, October 27, 2024. Photo: Skanda Gautam/THT

KATHMANDU, OCTOBER 28

Nepal secured a place in the final of the SAFF Women's Championship with a thrilling victory over India in the semifinals. The high-stakes match at Dasharath Stadium in Tripureshwor on Sunday evening ended with Nepal triumphing 4-2 in a penalty shootout, following a 1-1 draw in regulation time.

 

In the penalty shootout, Nepal's Sabitra Bhandari, Gita Rana, Sabita Rana Magar, and Amisa Karki converted their shots.

For India, Manisha and K Purushottam Shirvoikar's shot found the net while, India's captain Ashalata Devi missed her initial penalty, hitting the crossbar, while Ranjana Chanu's attempt was saved by Nepal's substitute goalkeeper Anjana Rana Magar, who became the game's standout performer after replacing regular goalkeeper Anjila T Subba in anticipation of the shootout.

Nepal teammates celebrate after defeating India in a penalty shootout in the SAFF Women's Championship 2024 at Dasharath Stadium in Kathmandu, Nepal, on Sunday, October 27, 2024. Photo: Skanda Gautam/THT

Nepal will face Bangladesh in the final, marking another highly anticipated showdown between the two teams.

Bangladesh advanced to the final earlier on Sunday by defeating Bhutan 7-1.

Tensions and controversy surrounding the match

Sunday's second semifinal was marred by controversial referee decisions, a red card, and crowd disruptions that resulted in a 1-hour and 6-minute delay.

The intense atmosphere began in the 51st minute when Nepali forward Rekha Poudel received a red card for a second yellow. Bhutanese referee Om Choki issued the card for what was ruled as a blocking foul, though replays suggested minimal contact. With Nepal down to 10 players, India capitalized on their advantage as Sangita Basfore scored in the 71st minute, putting India ahead.

Shortly after India scored, Nepal appeared to equalize when Preeti Rai netted a goal from an open position after a pass from Samba. Catching the Indian players off-guard as they celebrated their lead off the field, Rai's goal was initially allowed by the referee. However, following India's strong protest, the goal was ultimately disallowed, sparking loud protests from Nepali players, officials, and thousands of fans in attendance. The disallowed goal led to a temporary stoppage as tensions flared.

Nepal's remarkable comeback

Nepal responded with resilience as Sabitra Bhandari 'Samba' scored an equalizer to bring the score to 1-1. With no further goals by the end of regular time, the match went to penalties, where Nepal's well-executed shots and Anjana's heroics secured the victory.

Sabitra Bhandari 'Samba' celebrate after defeating India in a penalty shootout in the SAFF Women's Championship 2024 at Dasharath Stadium in Kathmandu, Nepal, on Sunday, October 27, 2024. Photo: Skanda Gautam/THT

Samba, awarded "Player of the Match," dedicated the win to her injured teammates Hirakumari Shahi and Deepa Bhujel, also thanking fans for their support.

This is Nepal's second consecutive semi-final victory over India in the SAFF Women's Championship. In 2022, Nepal defeated India at the same venue, though they fell to Bangladesh in the final.

The highly anticipated final against Bangladesh will take place on Wednesday.

Nepal teammates celebrate after defeating India in a penalty shootout in the SAFF Women's Championship 2024 at Dasharath Stadium in Kathmandu, Nepal, on Sunday, October 27, 2024. Photo: Skanda Gautam/THT

#SAFF Womens Championship
Stay in touch!
   
Next Article
ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE WITH US ARCHIVES CONTACT US E-PAPER
 
 
 
 
 

© 2021 The Himalayan Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thehimalayantimes.com/sports/nepal-defeats-india-to-reach-saff-womens-championship-final 
 ----- 
