मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
Devon Conway: All you need to know about New Zealand's new T20 star
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Feb 22, 2021 | 14:16 IST
New Zealand batsman Devon Conway became the first batsman from his country to score five successive fifties in the T20 format.
Devon Conway hammered 99 runs off just 59 balls in the 1st T20I against Australia.  |  Photo Credit: AP

In the first T20I against Australia, New Zealand were in a spot of bother having lost the wickets of Martin Guptill, Tim Seifert and skipper Kane Williamson. With the scoreboard reading 19/3, Australia looked in total command of the proceedings. However, New Zealand's next batsman Devon Conway had other plans as he launched a counter-attack with Glenn Phillips to bring the Black Caps back in the game.

Conway and Phillips added a quick 74-run stand for the fourth wicket before the latter was dismissed by Marcus Stoinis. As wickets continue to fall from one end, it did not affect Conway - who continued to smash the Australian bowlers to all parts of the ground. At the end of 20 overs, Conway remained unbeaten on 99 off just 59 balls to help his team post a challenging 194-run total.

In his short career so far, Conway has entertained the cricket lovers with several blitzkriegs. Here's all you need to know about the hard-hitting batsman:

Conway was born in Johannesburg was part of South Africa's domestic cricket for the first eight years of his first-class career. He moved to New Zealand in 2017.

He made his debut for Wellington in the 2017/18 season.

He continued to impress in domestic cricket and was the highest run-getter in the country's three domestic competitions.

He was named New Zealand’s domestic player of the year for 2 years in a row after setting the domestic season on fire. 

In May 2020, he was given a central contract by New Zealand.

He made his T20I debut for New Zealand against West Indies on November 20, 2020 and scored a 29-ball 41 in a winning cause.

The 99-run knock against Australia was Conway's 5th successive fifty in the shortest format of the game.

Conway has now joined Virender Sehwag, Hamilton Masakadza, Kamran Akmal, Jos Buttler and Warner as the only batsmen to have scored five successive half-centuries in T20 matches, domestic or international.

In his T20I career so far, Conway has amassed 273 runs at a brilliant strike rate of 157 and a mind-blowing average of 91.

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/devon-conway-all-you-need-to-know-about-new-zealands-new-t20-star/723451 
 ----- 
