Skip to main content
SHOP
TICKETS
Canada
Featured

NFL

NBA

NHL

Soccer

Sports
NFL
NBA
NHL
MLB
Soccer
Curling
WNBA
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
Boxing
MMA
WWE
Golf
Tennis
F1
NASCAR
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
EDITIONS
Canada
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Where to watch West Indies vs. New Zealand T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 match in US and Canada: TV channel, free live stream
Abhinav Sharma
06-12-2024
•
4 min read
(Getty Images)

New Zealand find themselves in a must-win situation as they prepare to take on high-flying West Indies in match 26 of the T20 World Cup at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy on Wednesday evening.

With Afghanistan running a rampage against the Kiwis, Group C in the T20 World Cup 2024 is now wide open. 

New Zealand understand that they have no margin for error from here on. Even if they hit the ground running against West Indies, they could well suffer an early elimination because of their poor net run-rate (minus 4.2), unless the co-hosts lose to Afghanistan.

WATCH FOR FREE: Every T20 World Cup match, live on Fubo (free trial)

West Indies, meanwhile, have already won their winnable matches against Papua New Guinea and Uganda, beating the latter by 134 runs last time out. It will now be a test of their nerves against New Zealand and Afghanistan.

With the cricketing extravaganza continuing at the 2024 ICC T20 World Cup, The Sporting News has all the details on how to watch the action.

MORE: Full T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 schedule and updated results

West Indies vs. New Zealand ICC T20 Cricket World Cup TV channel, live stream
Match: West Indies vs. New Zealand 
Date: Wednesday, June 12, 2024
Stage: Group Stage
Start Time: 8:30 p.m. ET/ 5:30 p.m. PT
Venue: Brian Lara Cricket Academy, Trinidad and Tobago

Fans in the United States and Canada can watch the 2024 T20 World Cup live on WillowTV.

Willow Sports is a cable TV channel. If it's not in your current package or if you don't have cable, you can get it on Fubo.

Fubo now offers Willow TV in its sports package. You can watch live matches, replays, and highlights on demand from any device. Start a free trial today to catch all the action.

You can also stream the tournament live on Sling TV, which offers new subscribers $20 off their first month.

MORE: When are West Indies playing at T20 Cricket World Cup?

Watch West Indies vs. New Zealand T20 Cricket World Cup match for free

For fans wanting to watch the West Indies vs. New Zealand T20 Cricket World Cup clash for free, Fubo is the best option.

Cricket lovers can take advantage of a 30-day free trial to the service, which includes access to WillowTV. This allows you to enjoy live matches, replays, and highlights without any cost during the trial period.

If 2024 T20 World Cup matches are not available to watch live in your location or if you're traveling abroad, you can use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). VPNs offer a secure and private online connection, allowing you to bypass geographical restrictions to access your favorite streaming services from any device anywhere in the world.

WATCH FROM ANYWHERE: Sign up for NordVPN (30-day moneyback guarantee)

West Indies T20 Cricket World Cup Schedule

West Indies kick-started their tournament against Papua New Guinea on June 2 at Providence Stadium in Guyana. They returned to thrash newcomers Uganda by a whopping 134 runs on June 8 at the same venue.

Their next match is against New Zealand on June 12 at Brian Lara Cricket Academy in Trinidad and Tobago. They will then round off their group-stage campaign with a clash against Afghanistan on June 17 at Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in St Lucia.

Date	Group	Match/ Result	Start time (ET)	Venue
June 2	C	West Indies vs. Papua New Guinea (WI won by 5 wickets)	10:30 a.m.	Providence Stadium, Guyana
June 8	C	West Indies vs. Uganda (WI won by 134 runs)	8:30 p.m.	Providence Stadium, Guyana
June 12	C	West Indies vs. New Zealand	8:30 p.m.	Brian Lara Cricket Academy, Trinidad and Tobago
June 17	C	West Indies vs. Afghanistan	8:30 p.m.	Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, St Lucia

MORE: West Indies Squad for T20 Cricket World Cup in United States

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Abhinav Sharma

Abhinav Nair is a content producer for The Sporting News, working across global editions.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
Partners
NBA
SuperDraft
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/ca/cricket/news/watch-west-indies-new-zealand-stream-channel-t20-world-cup/4008cf6c0c58e2d7c7dbccaa 
 ----- 
