COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
33°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
North Texas Friday weather forecast: Snow, ice to end with clearing expected midday
Live updates: Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
Amid cold conditions outside, Mavericks use hot fourth quarter in comeback win vs. Blazers
Grocery stores, malls closing early amid North Texas winter storm
U.S. Supreme Court denies Trump bid to delay sentencing in NYC hush money case
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
Photos removed from Fort Worth museum as police investigate child pornography allegations
Live radar: Watch as snow, sleet, freezing rain drop over Dallas-Fort Worth area
Everything to know about Texas-Ohio State: Quinn Ewers faces familiar foe in Cotton Bowl
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Embodying baseball’s grittiness, the Oakland Athletics went out in style vs. Texas Rangers
The community of Oakland gathered at the Coliseum on Thursday to celebrate its connection and history with the Athletics.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 26, 2024
|
Updated 8:35 p.m. CDT
|
5 min. read
A fan holds an "Oakland Forever" sign at a baseball game between the Oakland Athletics and the Texas Rangers on Sept. 26 in Oakland, Calif.(Benjamin Fanjoy / AP)

OAKLAND, Calif. — Baseball lost a little bit of cool on Thursday.

Which seems like an odd tactic to take for a league that is desperately jamming up your social media fits with everything from fits to food telling you how cool it is. Sorry, if that’s too Gen X. Make it: How much “rizz” it has. Thing is: We may not be entirely sure what rizz is, but we’re pretty sure if you’ve got it, you don’t have to say it.

The Oakland A’s didn’t have to say it. For nearly 60 years, they and their fan base embodied everything that was edgy and gritty in baseball. From fashion statements to critical thinking, the A’s were often at the forefront. And now, it’s no more.

When Travis Jankowski grounded out on a 103.5 mph fastball from Mason Miller, ending the Rangers’ 3-2 loss Thursday, it ended the A’s home season. And also the A’s. Well, they may still be the A’s when they get to Sacramento next season and maybe eventually to Las Vegas. But whatever they are, they won’t be Oakland. Maybe no franchise in baseball was more imbued with its home than the A’s.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

That’s baseball’s loss.

“Oakland is cool,” said Rangers second baseman Marcus Semien, who grew up in the East Bay, played six years for the A’s and leads all active players in games and hits at the Oakland Coliseum. “It has a different swagger than the rest of the country. The rest of the country might not like the music, how we dance, how we talk, but this place is cool. Everybody who is from here is proud to be from here.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:Oakland Coliseum finale is personal to Bay Area native, Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien

That connection seemed to be the theme for the final series. The Rangers were merely coincidental visitors, though it was appropriate Semien was on hand. He’s the latest in a list of East Bay-raised greats to have spent significant time with the A’s. On Thursday, 46,889 fans showed up early — parking lots opened at 8 a.m. PDT and were packed by 9 — and stayed late. They were there when Oakland-raised Rickey Henderson and Oakland-raised Dave Stewart threw out first pitches. Nobody had left when Jankowski grounded out. Well, except for the two numbskulls who decided to sprint onto the field in the ninth.

There was concern it would be far worse. Who among Rangers fans can forget the club’s own history? On the last day before they moved to Texas, the then-Washington Senators had to forfeit their final home game due to fans plundering the field. That was more than 50 years ago. Sports has only become more unruly since. The Rangers were prepared to make a hasty exit in case they came under a physical plundering. Semien had all but dismissed that notion. He knew.

Oakland Athletics fans cheer after Brent Rooker (foreground) hit a single during the third inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers on Sept. 26 in Oakland, Calif.(Godofredo A. Vásquez / AP)
ADVERTISEMENT

The fans had come to celebrate their connection with the team, not mourn it. Sure, they chanted “Sell The Team,” just about every half inning after the game became official. But it was a happy crowd, a crowd intent on taking home one last memory.

ADVERTISEMENT

This could go into a long dissertation about A’s owner John Fisher, MLB, the never-ending hunt for maximizing revenue out of a market, but that’s been hashed out over and over for the last decade, if not more as site after site for a new glitzier stadium in the East Bay was proposed and ultimately shot down. Fisher instead will take the A’s to an actual minor league ballpark in Sacramento for the next few years while he waits for a palace to be built in Las Vegas. They are even installing artificial turf in Sacramento, which will make the field even hotter. Makes perfect sense. But, hey, we digress.

Related:Texas Rangers’ history at Oakland Coliseum: Top 3, bottom 3 moments

This is about the A’s being cool. And, if you are of a certain demographic (meaning mostly newspaper-reading age), you know of that which we speak.

The A’s were born in Philadelphia and had a layover in Kansas City before getting to Oakland in 1968, a year after the Summer of Love swamped the Bay Area. The A’s took a sport steeped in old-fashioned traditions and infused it with as much counterculture as they could. They embraced individuality in both their players and their fans.

ADVERTISEMENT

They wore their hair longer and shaggier than the rest of the league. Facial hair was encouraged. They wore bright green jerseys and white cleats. And they dominated baseball. They produced winning seasons in each of their first nine years in Oakland, won five straight AL West titles and three straight World Series titles.

This is how cool they were: When they hosted their first World Series game in 1972, they were without Reggie Jackson, the King of Cool, because he tore his hamstring stealing home in the ALCS. Jackson was introduced to the crowd before the rest of the team, limped out of the dugout in a full-length leather coat and received a crazy reception.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Swingin’ A’s were the dynasty of the ’70s and the first dynasty broken up by the advent of free agency. In the 1980s came Henderson, setting base stealing records with style, and then the Bash Brothers, Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire. They went to three more World Series in a row.

“There is a genuine aura around this team,” said Rangers catching instructor Bobby Wilson who has been coming to the Coliseum for nearly 20 years as a player and then coach. “There was a grime to them. They had long hair and dirty uniforms. When I was just getting into baseball, everybody I knew wanted to be a ‘Bash Brother.’ The impact they had kind of swept the nation.”

ADVERTISEMENT

When free agency gutted them again, they reinvented themselves into the “Moneyball” A’s, heading the forefront of the advanced metric era. Then Brad Pitt came to run the team. Or something like that. Put it this way: No other team in baseball is getting Brad Pitt to play their GM in a movie. The Dodgers? They got a cranky Harrison Ford. And they are literally in Hollywood.

Along the way, while the A’s shine on the field was dimmed, they became the place where families could go to games. Could take the BART, like Semien and his friends did. Could load up on $1 hot dogs.

ADVERTISEMENT

“This was the place you could go to see Major League Baseball when you couldn’t afford to see the Giants,” Semien said Tuesday with a certain ardor.

The inference: There are fewer and fewer venues like that around baseball these days, what with priorities placed on premium seats and corporate partnerships. And now there is one less.

ADVERTISEMENT

But the A’s went out in style Thursday. It’s something they always had.

Correction, 12:30 p.m. Friday: An earlier version of this article misidentified Rangers second baseman Marcus Semien as Rangers shortstop Marcus Semien. Additionally, it stated parking lots opened at 8 a.m. PST when it should have stated they opened at 8 a.m. PDT.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
Former Texas Rangers top catching prospect Sam Huff claimed by San Francisco Giants

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
North Texas Friday weather forecast: Snow, ice to end with clearing expected midday
2
Live updates: Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
3
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
4
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
5
Winter storm: Icy Dallas-Fort Worth roads suggest “extreme caution” for drivers on Friday
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/26/embodying-baseballs-grittiness-the-oakland-athletics-went-out-in-style-vs-texas-rangers/ 
 ----- 
