Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Baseball gods were taking care of them': Rangers drop Coliseum finale
Share
'Baseball gods were taking care of them': Rangers drop Coliseum finale
Rocker, Leiter combine for 8 innings; A's score go-ahead run on popup lost in the sun
September 27th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

OAKLAND -- It was an odd and sad bus ride into the East Bay for the Rangers on Thursday morning.

Preparing for the final game at the Oakland Coliseum, A’s fans filled the parking lots as the sun rose. Athletics legends like Dave Stewart and Rickey Henderson roamed the large space of foul territory during batting practice. Barry Zito sang the national anthem. Rangers manager Bruce Bochy reminisced on his time at this ballpark when he was at the helm of the San Francisco Giants across the Bay. It was a celebration.

It would ultimately be a sellout crowd of 46,889 fans by the time former Athletic Marcus Semien stepped into the batter's box to lead off the game.

Semien reflects on Coliseum memories before final series

For all the excitement of the day permeating throughout the ballpark, the Rangers still knew they had baseball to play this week, intent on finishing the season strong, despite what was happening in front of them.

“I'm focused on us playing good baseball,” Semien said going into the series. “But yes, it's a pretty surreal thing for someone to tell you that this is the last baseball game here. … Oakland is one of those places where you still felt that authenticity. It's just a bummer that this is the last game.”

The Rangers dropped the Coliseum finale, 3-2. They finished with 203 total wins at the facility, good for the most by a visiting team in Oakland.

Rookie pitchers Kumar Rocker and Jack Leiter combined for all eight innings, with Rocker's three earned runs making the difference in the game.

Related
Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Heim, Taveras avoid arbitration, agree to 2025 contracts

1:34 AM UTC

How Rangers fill closer role in 2025 still up in the air

January 8th, 2025

Early 2025 predictions for the Rangers

January 4th, 2025

From 16 to 26, here is the best prospect at each age

November 13th, 2024

What we learned from the Rangers' 2024 season

September 29th, 2024

“It's always cool when there's a kind of the buzz in the stadium,” Leiter said after throwing 3 1/3 scoreless frames. “Obviously, as a starter, you don't go out there early, but as a reliever, I did. So just feeling that, there was that excited energy, it felt like, in all of us. It was pretty cool to have a packed house here. There’s a lot of history.”

Bochy commended his two young pitchers for keeping the Rangers in the game the whole way, though neither was perfect. The two held their own in what felt like a postseason environment, though the defense did few favors behind them.

The winning run scored with two outs in the fifth inning, when rookie left fielder Wyatt Langford lost a fly ball in the sun, allowing Jacob Wilson to score from second base and end Rocker’s day.

“Maybe the baseball gods were taking care of them on that one,” Bochy said. “[Langford] has done such a good job out there in left field. I've seen a lot of fly balls lost in that sun out here. That area is where you see it lost the most. There were a couple plays we didn't make, and that sun ball was one of them. That was really the difference in the game.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Outside of the Rangers’ two previous home ballparks, and the original Washington Senators' home park, the club has also played in the final game at the Seattle Kingdome and Municipal Stadium in Kansas City. Texas lost both of those matchups as well.

Texas has played 412 games all-time at the Coliseum, the third-most games at any venue since the franchise moved to Texas in 1972, behind 2,081 at the Ballpark in Arlington (1994-2019) and 1,750 at Arlington Stadium (1972-93).

“I’m disappointed we didn't play well,” Semien said postgame. “That's really what I'm here to do, is play good baseball. But in terms of this community showing up for this team, it's pretty sad, because there are a lot of people who love this team in Oakland. … It’s a great place to play when you fill it up. It’s a place I love to play baseball at, and I won’t anymore.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Kumar Rocker

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/rangers-lose-to-a-s-in-last-game-at-coliseum 
 ----- 
