Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images
NBA TRADES
HOME
NBA TRADES
LOS ANGELES LAKERS
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS
Anthony Davis makes his feelings clear on LeBron James’ trade rumors to Western Conference rivals
Aikansh Chaudhary
Thu 17 October 2024 12:46
Updated Sat 19 October 2024 7:17

LeBron James was linked to several teams following a poor start to the 2023-24 NBA season by the Los Angeles Lakers.

James‘ stint with the Lakers has been full of ups and downs. Sure, King James led the Purple and Gold to an NBA championship in 2020. Since then, the Lakers have struggled to find a similar level of success in the postseason.

The more concerning part for the organization over the past two seasons has been their performance in the regular season. Although the Lakers managed to advance to the playoffs in both years, they barely did so. After all, they had to compete in the NBA Play-In Tournament each time.

For James, who is about to turn 40 years old, this display of inconsistency is not optimal. As a result, it wasn’t a shock when multiple rumors emerged about the 4x NBA champ seeking a potential trade away from the Lakers last season.

Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images
LeBron James was linked to the Golden State Warriors

When a player of James’ caliber is reported to be unhappy, many organizations will evidently jump at the opportunity to trade for him. In the last season, the Warriors were viewed as the prime contenders to land King James if he requested a trade.

Although LeBron stayed with the Lakers, the drama could have had a negative impact on the morale of the team. However, as per Anthony Davis, nothing happened in the locker room.

“I wasn’t on social media at the time, so I didn’t see [it],” Davis said. “I heard about it. How did I hear about that? I don’t even remember, I mean, it was ______ national news.

“I can’t remember how I exactly heard about it, I think maybe my dad called me. Something like that. But I don’t think it affected anybody.”

MORE NBA NEWS

Throughout his career, James has been loyal to his contract. In simple terms, he has never requested a trade. Every time James has switched teams it has been after finishing his contract with the franchise.

Anthony Davis on last season's ESPN report that the Warriors reached out to the Lakers about trading for LeBron James: pic.twitter.com/uYnHH7W5lx

— Jovan Buha (@jovanbuha) October 15, 2024
View Tweet
Davis believes James’ trade rumors were strange
Photo by Jonathan Bachman/Getty Images

Being a part of trade rumors is a part of playing in the NBA. At one point or another, every big-name star faces that problem. Now, whether there is substance to those rumors or not, is an entirely different discussion.

Keeping that in mind, AD further revealed, it was strange to hear the 4x NBA champion’s name in a potential move to the Dubs.

“I mean, I think that might be the first time ever that he’s been in trade talks in his career,” AD added. “He’s kind of seen everything, so I don’t think that affected him. That didn’t affect our team. But it was definitely strange to hear in the sense of like, the first time he’s ever been talked about in a trade before, you know what I’m saying? But it didn’t happen so…”

At the end of the day, James is now gearing up for year 22 in his NBA career. He remains the oldest player in the league. But at the same time, James is still arguably the best player on the Lakers’ roster.

On top of that, he is undoubtedly the leader of the roster. If there was any bad blood between him and the team, the Lakers would have most likely relied on Davis to fulfill that role.

Related Topics
ANTHONY DAVIS
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS
LEBRON JAMES
LOS ANGELES LAKERS
WESTERN CONFERENCE
RELATED POSTS
MORE IN LOS ANGELES LAKERS
More in Los Angeles Lakers
ABOUT US
EDITORIAL POLICY
MEET THE TEAM
NEWSLETTER
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
COMPLAINTS
PRIVACY SETTINGS
a proud member of
© 2025 GRV Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved
GRV Media Ltd, 18 Mulberry Avenue, Widnes,
Cheshire, WA8 0WN
Company No. 04155089
Read our Sustainability Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nbaanalysis.net/anthony-davis-makes-his-feelings-clear-on-the-aftermath-of-lebron-james-trade-rumors-to-western-conference-rivals/ 
 ----- 
