Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Instant Observations: Magic Cruise Past 76ers in Preseason's Final Act
The Orlando Magic closed out its preseason slate with a victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night in the Kia Center, 114-99.
Mason Williams | Oct 19, 2024
Philadelphia 76ers forward KJ Martin (1) drives past Orlando Magic forward Paolo Banchero (5) during the first quarter at Kia Center. / Mike Watters-Imagn Images
In this story:
Orlando Magic

ORLANDO, Fla. – The Orlando Magic closed out its preseason in victorious fashion on Friday night, defeating the Philadelphia 76ers 114-99.

Heading into the regular season, the Magic put together its most complete effort thus far to cruise to a victory with relatively no issues.

Here's a couple of instant observations from the contest that sees Orlando through to the ones that count.

Ball movement powers Orlando's offense

Before Friday night's game, Orlando had committed 43 turnovers in the first two outings of the preseason.

In the contest versus the 76ers, the Magic flipped the script – and then some.

The Magic offense looked as sharp as we've seen it thus far, moving with fluidity and having passes find the right spot at the right time to capitalize on open looks. Orlando was synchronous with the ball in its hands, and the Magic had 32 assists on 42 made field goals Friday night.

Jalen Suggs had seven assists in his 24 minutes. Anthony Black had eight in his stints on the floor. Above all, the Magic committed just 16 turnovers, which came in waves throughout most of the night.

The quality of looks a team gets on offense is often a product of how they're moving the ball as a unit, and the shooting display Orlando put on Friday evening is a di

Considering the questions regarding not only initiation on that end of the floor, but just the offense in general, that's a positive Orlando can take pride in as its preseason draws to a close.

Magic defense stifles in most uniform showing yet

Orlando's defensive identity wasted little time in reintroducing itself to the Kia Center crowd on hand, forcing some low-quality looks throughout, as well as stealing extra possessions and altering the Sixers' plans on offense.

The Sixers shot just 37 percent from the field and 25 percent from three. Philadelphia turned the ball over 18 times, leading to 24 Orlando points on the ensuing possessions.

Orlando's on-ball defense was what you'd expect it to be from the first unit. Anytime a ballhandler got past Suggs or Caldwell-Pope on the perimeter, they'd often meet the other, and both Banchero and Wagner were solid in their efforts as well.

That's not to discount the second unit, though. Orlando got all-around buy-in on the defensive end. While the Sixers were missing numerous contributors who will account for the majority of their scoring stardom to start, then Tyrese Maxey left the game with a right thumb contusion, Jamahl Mosley has always stressed that the focus will be on his team first and foremost – regardless of the situation facing them.

With that in mind, the review of this game will show a defensive effort that was connected for nearly the whole night.

Because the games count starting next week, and this was the final tune-up, Orlando truly finished the preseason on a high note.

Final Box
Up Next:

The Magic head to Miami to open the regular season vs. the Heat inside the Kaseya Center. Tip-off is set for 7:30 p.m. ET.

Related Stories on the Orlando Magic
JALEN SUGGS' FULL-COURT PASS TO BEAT HALF BUZZER: Suggs reverted back to his days as a quarterback to help Orlando beat the halftime buzzer. CLICK HERE
MAGIC'S TV PARTNER BECOMING FANDUEL SPORTS NETWORK: Bally Sports Regional Sports Network, is becoming FanDuel Sports Network right before tip-off of the NBA regular season. CLICK HERE
WCJ ON HIS HEALTH, PRESEASON FINALE: Orlando Magic center Wendell Carter Jr. met the media following the Magic's shootaround before the preseason finale vs. Philadelphia. WATCH
MAGIC-SIXERS INJURY REPORT: The latest on the injury status of both teams entering Friday night's preseason finale. CLICK HERE|
MAGIC'S PRESEASON FINALE STORYLINES: Here's what to look out for as the Sixers come to town for the Magic's preseason closer. CLICK HERE
Want more Orlando Magic coverage on Sports Illustrated?

Follow 'Orlando Magic on SI' on Facebook and like our page. Follow Magic beat reporter Mason Williams on Twitter/X @mvsonwilliams. Also, bookmark our homepage so you never miss a story.

Published Oct 18, 2024|Modified Oct 19, 2024
MASON WILLIAMS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/magic/news/instant-observations-orlando-magic-cruise-past-philadelphia-76ers-in-preseason-final-act- 
 ----- 
