Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Montas logs season-high 10 K's, but bats go quiet in 3rd straight loss
Share
Montas logs season-high 10 K's, but bats go quiet in 3rd straight loss
September 7th, 2024

Tim Stebbins

@tim_stebbins
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- After taking a few steps off of the pitcher’s mound, Frankie Montas stopped and put his hand on his hip. And as Michael Toglia began his trot around the bases, Montas let out a deep breath.

After 5 1/3 no-hit innings on Friday, Montas’ outing took a sharp turn in the sixth, when Toglia crushed a three-run blast off him that bounced off the scoreboard in center field. That swing proved to be the difference in the Brewers’ 3-2 loss to the Rockies in the series opener at American Family Field.

“Definitely not the results I was expecting, especially after [how] the night started,” Montas said. “I thought I was throwing the ball really well. Just one pitch. … It feels like I can’t afford to miss one pitch. I always give up a homer.”

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Montas took a tough-luck loss despite allowing just three runs on two hits and three walks in six innings while striking out 10, his new season high. The Brewers had a down night offensively, tallying just four hits while leaving five runners on base.

The Brewers (81-60) maintain a nine-game lead in the NL Central after the Cubs (72-69) lost, 3-0, to the Yankees earlier on Friday. But they have gotten off to a tough start in September, going 1-4 after ending August on a five-game winning streak -- and scoring four or fewer runs in each loss to start this month.

“Nobody in baseball has not hit a swoon here,” manager Pat Murphy said. “We’ve hit a swoon with one-run games. We’re competitive in every game. Sure, it’s disappointing, but we’re right there, and that bodes well.”

It looked early on like one run would be enough to win on Friday, with how Montas came out dealing. After he issued a one-out walk to Rockies third baseman Ryan McMahon in the first inning, the right-hander retired 10 straight Colorado hitters, including striking out the side in the second inning.

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

January 10th, 2025

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

LIVE: Mets welcome new starter Frankie Montas

December 6th, 2024

Mets finalize two-year deal with righty Montas

December 4th, 2024

What these 2 deals tell us about the free-agent pitching market

December 3rd, 2024

Montas struck out Nolan Jones, Jacob Stallings and Sam Hilliard in the second with three different pitches -- splitter, slider and four-seam fastball. He felt the former two offerings were “better” on Friday than previous outings, and his trust in his four-seamer also is evident.

“I cannot tell you the amount of confidence that I have on that pitch,” Montas said.

That’s reflected in both how often Montas is throwing his four-seamer and the results he has been getting since the Brewers acquired him from the Reds on July 30.

Frankie Montas’ four-seam fastball

Usage with Reds: 33.8%

Usage with Brewers: 38.5 (entering Friday)

Whiff rate with Reds: 19.5

Whiff rate with Brewers: 29.4

Two of Montas’ strikeouts on Friday were with his four-seamer. He had three with his slider, two with his splitter, two with his sinker and one with his cutter.

“That’s telling me that I’m just moving on the right path,” Montas said of the double-digit strikeout effort. “[Pitching coach Chris] Hook has been doing a really good job on correcting mechanical stuff. I definitely feel like every time I step on the mound, I feel better and better. Just got to continue grinding and continue working.”

The Brewers got three scoreless innings in relief from lefty Aaron Ashby after Montas’ outing, and they got the tying run to second base in the bottom of the ninth inning after Jake Bauers drew a walk. Pinch runner Brewer Hicklen was thrown out attempting to tag up on a flyout to center field to end it.

“At the end of the day, you don’t want to make a play that close at the end of the game,” Hicklen said. “I’m already in scoring position, and a single is going to score me. I know my speed can score me from second. I always play the game aggressively, and it’s just one of those learning moments for me. It's tough. I’m obviously disappointed in myself and cost potentially the team. It’s just one of those moments.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

A tough moment, on a tough night for the Brewers, who will look to get back on track on Saturday.

“It sucks over the last two or three games,” Montas said. “It sucks, but nobody here is going to put their head down. I feel like everybody is just going to try to do the part and come back tomorrow and come back to what we are. Just going to try to win a ballgame.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Frankie Montas

Tim Stebbins is a reporter/producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/frankie-montas-strikes-out-10-but-brewers-lose-to-rockies 
 ----- 
