Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies’ Ryan Feltner finally wins, with huge assists from Brenton Doyle and Michael Toglia
Rockies had three hits and struck out 14 times
Colorado Rockies pitcher Ryan Feltner throws during the second inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Kayla Wolf)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 6, 2024 at 8:06 PM MDT

Ryan Feltner was overdue for a win. Long overdue.

The Rockies right-hander finally snagged one, thanks to his own superb performance, a big assist from first baseman Michael Toglia, and another sensational throw from Gold Glove center fielder Brenton Doyle to close out the game.

Feltner shut down the Brewers for six innings in Colorado’s 3-2, white-knuckle win Friday night at American Family Field. It was Feltner’s first win since April 12 at Toronto, a span of 22 starts.

The Brewers tried to rally in the ninth against closer Tyler Kinley, but Doyle snuffed them out with a perfect throw.

With one out and pinch runner Brewer Hicklen perched on second, Rhys Hoskins hit a flyball to deep right-center field. As Hicklen prepared to tag up, Doyle moved in front of right fielder Jordan Beck, made the catch and threw a perfect 95 mph strike to third baseman Ryan McMahon, who made an excellent tag on Hicklen for the game-ending double play.

“In those spots, you always anticipate the ball being hit to you, so I was ready for it,” Doyle told Rockies.TV. “It was a close one between either Beck and I to catch it and try to throw him out. I kind of just took authority and wanted to do it myself. I called (Beck) off and made a good throw to ‘Mac.'”

The play was reviewed but it stood up.

“That was an amazing, incredible play,” manager Bud Black told reporters. “To throw that guy out? To throw that ball on the line, with velocity, and make perfect throw to ‘Mac?’ What a play.”

Kinley, who notched his 10th save, raved about Doyle’s throw and McMahon’s catch and tag.

“That throw was so accurate,” Kinley told Rockies.TV. “And ‘Mac’ was so good with his hands on that tag. We see it all the time with him. … What a huge play. It gives us two wins in a row.”

The Rockies beat the Braves, 3-1, in Atlanta on Thursday night.

Toglia’s big fly was gigantic. His two-out, three-run blast in the sixth hit the scoreboard beyond center field, knocking out a few lights. Toglia, who hit cleanup, has hit a team-high 23 homers.

Colorado Rockies’ Michael Toglia rounds the bases after hitting a three-run home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Kayla Wolf)

Shortstop Ezequiel Tovar ignited the rally with a one-out double off Frankie Montas. It was Colorado’s first hit of the night. McMahon coaxed a walk from Montas before Toglia stepped up and crushed a first-pitch, 93.9 mph sinker that floated up in the zone.

The Rockies had only three hits and struck out 14 times. How rare is a Rockies victory when they have just three hits? They are now 13-177 all-time.

The super-sharp Feltner confounded the Brewers for six innings, giving up just one run on two hits while striking out six. He finished with a flourish, striking out William Contreras, Garrett Mitchell and Willy Adames in the sixth.

“We have talked about how Ryan needs to learn how to finish at-bats and finish innings and finish his game,” Black said. “There were a couple of at-bats in there where he needed to finish, and he did.

“That’s what it takes to win games, especially a pitching duel like he was in against Montas. He did that, and I’m proud of him.”

Feltner did walk three, and two free passes cost him the second inning. He served up a one-out walk to Jake Bauers, a two-out walk to Blake Perkins and an RBI single to Joey Ortiz.

Despite his 2-10 record, Feltner has whittled his ERA to 4.96 with a 3.54 ERA over his last 11 starts.

Saturday’s pitching matchup

Rockies LHP Ty Blach (3-7, 6.65 ERA) at Brewers RHP Tobias Myers (6-5, 3.00)

5:10 p.m., American Family Field

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

Radio: 630 AM

Blach, called into action when right-hander Cal Quantrill went on the injured list, will make another fill-in start. The last one didn’t go well. He yielded five runs on five hits and two walks over four innings Sunday in Colorado’s loss to the Orioles at Coors Field. Blach, promoted from Triple-A Albuquerque for his first major league appearance since July 26, gave up one run through three innings before Baltimore’s four-run fourth inning, topped off by James McCann’s two-run homer. In four career games (one start) against the Brewers, Blach is 0-1 with a 5.40 ERA.

Myers pitched last Sunday at Cincinnati and came away with a no-decision in Milwaukee’s 4-3 loss. He gave up three runs (two earned) on eight hits, with four walks and seven strikeouts over 5 2/3 innings. He has made six quality starts this season and has pitched well of late, posting a 2.27 ERA over his last 15 starts. The Rockies beat Myers on July 4 at Coors Field. He gave up all four runs in a 4-3 loss, getting tagged for eight hits over six innings.

Pitching probables

Sunday: Rockies LHP Kyle Freeland (4-7, 5.30) at Brewers RHP Freddy Peralta (10-7, 3.75), 12:10 p.m.

Monday: Off

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 6, 2024 at 7:09 PM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Take A Look Inside Dolly Parton's Repulsive Home
Rank Upwards
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Every Man & Woman With Hair Loss Should Watch This (It's Genius)
WG Hair Restore
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Doctor: if You Have Joint, Knee or Back Pain - Try This
Health News | Joint Pain
North Charleston: Discover Stunning 2-bed Senior Homes - Take a Look Inside Now!
Senior Living
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
TardiveDyskinesia | Search Ads
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Can't Sleep (Insomnia) - Do This Next Time You Sleep
WG Sleep Health
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Taking Metformin? Use This Household Food to Lower Blood Sugar
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Broncos four downs: Buffalo delivers Sean Payton, Denver season knockout and clinic on how to win in the playoffs
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
How it happened: Broncos’ season ends after Bills dominate AFC wild-card game
Broncos report card: Offense fizzles, Vance Joseph’s defense overwhelmed in blowout wild card loss to Buffalo
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
6
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/06/rockies-ryan-feltner-beat-brewers/ 
 ----- 
