Croatia beats Serbia and Belgium in cricket World Cup qualifiers
by croatiaweek July 10, 2024 in Sport

(Photo: O. Tilley)

Croatia has begun its pursuit to qualify for the next ICC T20 World Cup with back-to-back victories.

Playing in the ICC T20 World Cup Sub Regional Europe Qualifiers in Germany this week, Croatia caused a big upset on Monday by beating the much higher-ranked Belgium side, and have followed it up today with a win over rivals Serbia

Promising 16-year-old Zach Vukusic produced a man-of-the-match performance to guide Croatia to victory in their opening match against Belgium.

Zach Vukusic (Photo: O. Tilley)

Vukusic, who plays club cricket in England and is a real talent, hit four sixes on his way to 53. He was ably assisted by Dan Marsic who scored 37 as Croatia posted 140/6 in their 20 overs.

A great opening spell of bowling had Belgium in big trouble early in their chase, and despite a half century from opener Muhammad Muneeb, tight bowling, and in the end rain, saw Croatia take all two points, winning by 6 runs on the DLS method.

(Photo: O. Tilley)

Today’s victory over Serbia was more comfortable thanks to an impressive display again with the ball from the Croatians.

Vukusic again was the side’s top scorer, hitting 40 off just 26 balls in Croatia’s total of 104/9.

Zach Vukusic (Photo: O. Tilley)

A wonderful spell of bowling from Michael Grzinic at the top of the innings saw the required run-rate quickly become a problem for the Serbs.

John Vujnovich (Photo: O. Tilley)

Grzinic finished his fantastic spell in the end with two for seven off his four overs. Three wickets a piece at key moments from skipper Daniel Turkich and medium-pacer Luke Potthoff helped restrict Serbia to 75/8, giving Croatia a 28-run victory.

Boro Jerkovic rifles one in (Photo: O. Tilley)

Croatia now has 4 points and are joint top of Group A with Jersey, whom they will play on Thursday. Their final group match will be against Switzerland. The winner of Group A will play the winner of Group B on Sunday. 

Current standings (ICC)

The winner of the final will then go onto to a final qualifier with World Cup places up for grabs.

Croatia’s openers head out (Photo: O. Tilley)

Croatia’s squad is mainly made up of Australian and New Zealand Croatians who play their club cricket in their respective countries. Croatia is coached by former England international Mal Loye. 

Croatian cricket squad

You can see the full schedule, as well as watch all matches live on the ICC T20WC app or https://www.icc-cricket.com/videos 

Tags:
CRICKET
Sign up to receive the Croatia Week Newsletter
Related Posts
Trailblazing umpire Jasmine Naeem in Croatia for European series
by croatiaweek September 11, 2024 in Sport
Read more...

Featured articles
Food Map of Croatia: Exploring the diversity
by croatiaweek May 19, 2024 in Food & Wine
PHOTOS: Six cute heart-shaped islands in Croatia
by croatiaweek February 14, 2024 in Travel
VIDEO: Teachers’ dance at school graduation wows Croatia
by croatiaweek February 5, 2024 in Entertainment
Croatian gem named on World’s Top 20 Best Beaches list
by croatiaweek February 4, 2024 in Travel
The Croatian brands popular abroad
by croatiaweek February 3, 2024 in News
15 facts about Croatian language you probably didn’t know
by croatiaweek February 1, 2024 in Entertainment
Latest posts
Why Croatians are rushing to buy air-conditioners this winter
by croatiaweek January 3, 2025 in News
Croatia ensures stable gas supply amid Russian transit disruption
by croatiaweek January 3, 2025 in Business
Croatia ranks first in Europe for wine price increases
by croatiaweek January 3, 2025 in News
First snow in Zagreb as it blankets parts of Croatia
by croatiaweek January 3, 2025 in News
Important pages
About Us
Advertising
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions & Privacy Policy
Categories
Home
News
Sport
Business
Entertainment
Food & Wine
Travel
Contact Us
Copyright 2021 - Croatia Week - All Right Reserved
  
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.croatiaweek.com/croatia-beats-serbia-and-belgium-in-cricket-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
