MENU
English US 
Trioliet.us > News > News
The latest news
NEW: Triomatic WP 2 600 feeding robot

01/10/2024

Capacity Robot for Large-Scale Livestock Farms


More and more farmers want to feed their animals better and more frequently. Research and extensive practical experience now show that frequent feeding leads to higher feed efficiency. Additionally, it promotes the health, well-being, and lifespan of the cows.

The increasingly tight availability of suitable and qualified personnel in the agricultural sector is another key driver for agricultural entrepreneurs to automate the feeding process. A Triomatic automatic feeding system provides its users with a great deal of flexibility and typically results in labor savings of up to 80% on the feeding process.

In addition to the feed and labor advantages, making livestock farms more energy-efficient is also an important reason for investing in automated, and therefore electrified, feeding. More and more businesses are self-sufficient, and the ability to efficiently and effectively convert this energy on-site is a major incentive for many dairy farmers to make the switch.

The Triomatic feeding system from Trioliet has been making these benefits possible for almost 20 years now. 

BIGGER, BIGGER, BIGGEST

Until now, the Triomatic product range included feeding robots with a capacity of 3 m³. As interest in automation for larger-scale livestock farms grows, Trioliet is now introducing the WP 2 600 feed robot. The WP 2 600 feed robot has a capacity of 6 m³ and a loading capacity of approximately 2,000 kg. This makes the robot particularly suitable for farms with a size between 600 and 800 Livestock Units (LU). 

Naturally, with the Trioliet Batch&Traffic manager, it is possible to scale the system’s capacity to a maximum of 4 robots, making automatic feeding accessible for farms with approximately 1,200 LU up to a maximum of 2,500 LU.

In addition to large-scale farms, the WP 2 600 is also a very welcome addition for farms with dry, bulky rations such as hay milk farms in France or Switzerland. The spacious mixing tub allows dry ingredients to be processed, mixed, and dispensed well. A unique feature in the market for automatic feeding. 

TWO AUGERS MIX BETTER THAN ONE

The mixing tub of the Triomatic WP 2 600 is equipped with two vertical augers made of wear-resistant stainless steel. With two augers, the feed is mixed better than with a single auger. Even small quantities are homogeneously mixed thanks to our Dual Flow principle. This makes it impossible for the animals to select only the tastiest feed. With the help of counter blades in the mixing tub and knives on each auger, the feed is also well chopped.

The Triomatic WP operates energy-efficiently because, when dispensing, only the auger closest to the discharge gate is activated. The second auger is only engaged when the feed amount falls below a certain level. This saves energy and increases capacity. Discharge is done via a cross conveyor belt.

All settings can be entered directly via the large touchscreen on the robot, but also via a computer, smartphone, or tablet. The feed robot is loaded by a Trioliet feed kitchen of choice: the Triomatic T10, T20, T30, or T40.

Key Advantages: 

DualFlow principle for the best mixing result
Extremely wear-resistant Trionox mixing tub and augers
New Edition discharge door with C-guide for more dosing capacity and accuracy
Integrated steel hay ring (optional with extra rubber hay ring for dry rations)
Integrated feed pushing unit
Highest capacity in the market due to permanent power supply
Feed multiple times a day for up to approximately 800 LU
Energy-efficient independent auger drive
1 m or 1.5 m offset feed corridor up to 6 m possible
Always insight and easy control via remote access
Integration with various herd management systems available on the market is possible
Optionally equipped with: object detection, hydraulic counter blades, additional auger knives, backup battery, etc.

The official introduction of the WP 2 600 will be at Eurotier 2024: Hall 27, Stand G24.

For further information:  Jeroen Meijerink (PR Manager), pr@trioliet.com

AUTOMATIC FEEDING

BACK
RELATED NEWS
23/09/2021 This dairy farm has been feeding automatically for 15 years
27/05/2021 Less residual feed thanks to Triomatic robotic feeding system
03/06/2020 "Feeding always goes ahead, whatever the circumstances"
15/02/2018 More goats and less work with automated feeding system
06/09/2017 Get more out of forage with the automatic feeding system
Visit- and mailaddress

Kleibultweg 59
7575 BW Oldenzaal
The Netherlands

Route description

T 0541 57 21 21
F 0541 57 21 25
E info@trioliet.com

Goods issue

Hinmanweg 19
7575 BE  Oldenzaal

Route description

VAT NL003335215B01
K.v.K. Enschede 06039881

Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
Customer service
Sales and Delivery Conditions
Warrenty Conditions
Purchase Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer
Sitemap
We use cookies

We use cookies to optimize your user experience, analyze web traffic and display targeted advertisements via third parties. Read more about how we use cookies and how you can manage them by clicking "Cookie settings". If you agree to our use of cookies, click "Accept".

Cookie settings
Accept
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trioliet.us/news/news/new-triomatic-wp-2-600-feeding-robot 
 ----- 
