Leagues
Schools
Clubs
Coaches
Tournaments
States
Australian Open
JOIN
LOG IN
PLAY
LEARN
NEWS AND EVENTS
START
PLAYING
Leagues
	
Schools
	
Clubs
	
Coaches
	
States
	
Tournaments
	
Australian Open
	
TV Guide
News & Features
Players & Rankings
Pro Tournaments
Events
Subscribe
Tennis Australia
> News and Events
> News and Features
> All News
> Defending Australian Open champions aiming to “just enjoy it out there”
DEFENDING AUSTRALIAN OPEN CHAMPIONS AIMING TO “JUST ENJOY IT OUT THERE”

Reigning Australian Open champions Rinky Hijikata and Jason Kubler are not feeling any pressure ahead of their title defence.

Melbourne, Australia, 13 January 2024 | Leigh Rogers 9 65 

Rinky Hijikata and Jason Kubler enjoyed a magical run in the Australian Open 2023 men’s doubles competition.

Teaming up for the first time, the wildcards sensationally defeated seven top-20 players during their march to the title.

It was a fairy-tale run that captivated fans too, sparking incredible scenes each time they took to the court.

“It was crazy,” Hijikata related to tennis.com.au.

“It was only my second time playing AO dubs, so it was pretty cool. Having that support and being on court with someone like Kubs, who is a good mate and really fun to play with, was awesome.

“I think the crowd definitely got us through a few of those tough matches at the start and I don’t think we would have gone close to winning without them.”

Ranked No.277 at the time, Hijikata has since skyrocketed to a career-high doubles ranking of world No.23.

He will reunite with Kubler, whose doubles ranking peaked at No.27 during 2023, again this summer.

Since their Australian Open heroics, they have won only three of their 13 matches together.

“We didn’t manage to play a whole lot in 2023, so looking forward to getting back out there with him and seeing what we can do and just enjoying it out there,” Hijikata said.

Although they enter the tournament as the defending champions, the 22-year-old Hijikata downplayed any extra pressure.

“Both of us really want to make a push in our singles tournament and that’s going to be our main focus,” he said.

“Any time we’re playing a singles and doubles event, the doubles kind of takes a back seat.

“It’ll just be fun to go out there with him. I don’t think we’ll have any expectations, and I don’t think anyone will have many expectations for us, and we’re fine with that.

“We’ll just go out there to enjoy it and compete as well as we can.”

> BUY NOW: Australian Open 2024 tickets

Find your way to play: Visit play.tennis.com.au to get out on court and have some fun!

RELATED AUSSIE PROFILES
Jason Kubler
Rinky Hijikata
LATEST
Brisbane: Birrell brilliance rewarded with first career WTA 500 quarterfinal
Jordan Thompson books a place in Brisbane quarterfinals
United Cup: Team GB thwarts quarterfinal hopes for Australia
View more
SIMILAR
Jordan Thompson books a place in Brisbane quarterfinals
United Cup: Team GB thwarts quarterfinal hopes for Australia
United Cup: De Minaur fires for Australia before Argentina triumphs
Search
Play
Leagues
For Parents
Tournaments
Coaching
Inclusion & Diversity
Performance Pathways
Cardio Tennis
Juniors
Learn
Policies
What is tennis?
How to Play
Rules & Scoring
Ways to play
Benefits
Health & Fitness
Courts & Surfaces
News and Events
TV Guide
News & Features
Players & Rankings
Pro Tournaments
Events
Subscribe
About TA
Australian Tennis Foundation
Serving Our Community
Careers
National Strategy
Reports, Publications and National Policies
Partners
Media
Tennis Australia Board and Executive Team
© Copyright 2025 Tennis Australia
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Conditions of Use
ShareThis Copy and Paste
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tennis.com.au/news/2024/01/13/defending-australian-open-champions-aiming-to-just-enjoy-it-out-there 
 ----- 
