Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
YANKEES
Yankees drop reliever after latest series loss
Updated: Sep. 06, 2024, 12:08 a.m.|Published: Sep. 05, 2024, 11:34 a.m.

New York Yankees' Scott Effross pitches during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Aug. 12, 2022, in Boston. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)AP

By Randy Miller | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

ARLINGTON, Texas — Scott Effross’ return to the Yankees bullpen from Tommy John surgery in the fall of 2022 and back surgery last winter lasted four days.

After two outings, the sidewinding right-hander was optioned back to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Thursday, an off day for the Yankees.

The Football Review | Episode 1229 | SF 01

The Yankees had been carrying an extra reliever since farming out fill-in starter Will Warren last Sunday.

The move was made to add Luis Gil, who is off the injured list and will start a series opener in Chicago against the Cubs.

To make room for Gil, omeone had to go and the Yankees’ opted for Effross, who allowed two runs over 2.1 innings in his two appearances.

The Yankees will drop another reliever on Saturday when Clarke Schmidt returns from the IL to start at Wrigley Field.

Candidates to go include Phil Bickford, Tim Mayza, Ron Marinaccio and Mark Leiter, Jr.

Here are other recent NJ Advance Media posts to check out:

-- Doggin’ it? Yankees’ Alex Verdugo tells why he’s not always running hard

-- Strengths, weaknesses of 4 Yankees closer options, per MLB scout

-- MLB magic numbers, schedules: Mets and Braves, Yankees and Orioles in tight races (9/5/24)

-- Yankees drop another series, issues exposed in 10-6 loss to Rangers

-- Clay Holmes loses closer job after Texas blowup ... and outside noise was a reason

-- Clay Holmes mess is on Yankees for not addressing their weakest link | Analysis

-- Clay Holmes addresses his confidence after blown save No. 11

-- How Yankees reacted to Clay Holmes blowing another game

-- Clay Holmes melts down again, Rangers win on walk-off grand slam

-- Who’s out? Yankees set up rotation with Clarke Schmidt, Luis Gil returning

-- Gerrit Cole updates on his calf

-- Jasson Dominguez snubbed! Here’s Yankees’ message to angry fans

-- Yankees wish their record-setting unsung hero would get proper due

-- Latest on Gerrit Cole’s calf, Austin Wells’ hand, Jazz Chisholm

-- Gerrit Cole exits with injury, Anthony Volpe wins 1st showdown vs. Jersey classmate

RECOMMENDED•NJ.COM

Yankees hot for former Gold Glover to replace Gleyber Torres ... despite red flagsJan. 8, 2025, 6:00 a.m.

Mets legend breaks silence on Juan Soto addition: ‘It’s not just for show’Jan. 9, 2025, 6:00 a.m.

-- Taking cheap shots at Aaron Judge? It’s bush league, even for Little League

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.

Randy Miller may be reached at rmiller@njadvancemedia.com.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/yankees/2024/09/yankees-drop-reliever-after-latest-series-loss.html 
 ----- 
