Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Rays erupt for 8-run inning to halt slump, win 2nd straight vs. Twins
Share
Rays erupt for 8-run inning to halt slump, win 2nd straight vs. Twins
September 5th, 2024

Joey Johnston

Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. PETERSBURG -- Just before game time Wednesday night, violent storms swept through the Tampa Bay area. Streets were flooded. Once safely inside Tropicana Field, fans saw the constant flashes of lightning.

Then they witnessed some rare Rays thunder.

Fueled by an eight-run fourth inning, the Rays made quick work of the Twins by winning 9-4, an unusual outing for an offensively challenged team that had scored nine runs total in its previous three games.

“I feel like we’re capable of putting pressure on the defense -- maybe not scoring eight runs every inning -- and it showed in all aspects,’’ Rays manager Kevin Cash said.

The Rays’ fourth inning was a dizzying cavalcade of timely hitting and shoddy Twins defense, all punctuated by Yandy Díaz's two-run homer to dead center field.

“Everyone was feeling good, and that inning it looked like we were out there to attack,’’ Díaz said through team interpreter Manny Navarro. “To play a game without so much pressure on you all the time, it felt good.’’

The fourth-inning deluge began when the Rays put runners on first and third with one out. Twins pitcher Louie Varland attempted a pickoff of Junior Caminero, but the low throw skipped past first baseman Carlos Santana and into the bullpen area as Brandon Lowe scored from third.

With the infield playing in, Caminero scored from third when shortstop Brooks Lee awkwardly fielded Jonny DeLuca’s bouncer and was late with the throw home. Later, the Rays scored another run on a throwing error by Royce Lewis, who was making his first career start at second base.

Mixed in the madness was José Caballero’s RBI single, Taylor Walls’ two-run single and the homer by Díaz.

“I feel like as many close ballgames as we play, to come out and jump on a team and put eight up in the fourth, that kind of lets everybody relax,’’ Walls said. “That’s a rare commodity. It’s not going to happen all the time. We’ve got to continue to grind at-bats regardless of how many runs we put up in an inning and hope for the best.

“At the same time, you don’t want to get too comfortable or too complacent. They did a good job of battling back and actually making it a game there. As long as you stay disciplined enough and hold yourself accountable to keep adding runs, that’s what you want.’’

Related
Why the rotation is Rays' strong point entering '25

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Rays avoid arbitration with 4 players; Walls headed to hearing

January 10th, 2025

Rays finalize extension with Rasmussen: 'He's a dominant pitcher, period'

January 8th, 2025

Rays state preference to be back at Trop for start of 2026 season

January 7th, 2025

The Twins scored four runs in the seventh, making it 8-4 and chasing reliever Tyler Alexander. Hunter Bigge inherited a runner, and after allowing a single to Jose Miranda to put two runners on, he struck out Ryan Jeffers on a 98.1 mph four-seam fastball, ending the threat.

“My mentality was to come in there and get hot quick,’’ Bigge said. “Fill up the zone and make them beat me by putting the ball in play. You put up eight runs and your chances of winning really skyrocket. We had it separated, but they came back and we had to stop them.’’

The Rays and Twins had played seven consecutive games that were decided by one run. The Rays have been accustomed to close games all season, having MLB’s best record in games decided by two runs or fewer (47-26).

“There was a lot to like tonight and everyone contributed,’’ Cash said. “These games right now are critical.’’

It’s still very much a long shot, but the Rays are six games out in the American League Wild Card standings. Cash said the Rays must get “hotter than hot’’ in order to achieve the postseason and that means winning a series. The Rays, who captured back-to-back games for the first time since Aug. 20-21, can take three of four from the Twins by winning Thursday afternoon.

“It’s not a secret that we need to keep winning games to get to the playoffs,’’ Díaz said.

Wednesday night, the secret sauce was an eight-run inning. At the Trop, the lightning came first, then the thunder.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Tampa Bay Rays
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/8-run-inning-leads-rays-in-win-over-twins 
 ----- 
