ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Australia vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
WT20
17 Oct 21 to 14 Nov 21
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Points Table
Teams
Players
Venues
More 
Results
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
WT20
Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 14, 2021
New Zealand
172/4 (20.0)
Australia
173/2 (18.5)
Australia beat New Zealand by 8 wickets
2nd Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 11, 2021
Pakistan
176/4 (20.0)
Australia
177/5 (19.0)
Australia beat Pakistan by 5 wickets
1st Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Abu Dhabi, Nov 10, 2021
England
166/4 (20.0)
New Zealand
167/5 (19.0)
New Zealand beat England by 5 wickets
Sports Home ICC T20 World Cup 2021 News Australia Vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball By Ball ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
Australia vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between Australia vs Bangladesh from Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: November 04, 2021 03:58 pm IST
Read Time: 15 min
BAN vs AUS Latest Score

Follow the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 live cricket score on Sports.NDTV.com. After 5.1 overs, Bangladesh are 32/3. Get live score, ball by ball commentary and much more. Keep track of ICC T20 World Cup 2021 today match between Australia and Bangladesh. Everything related to Australia and Bangladesh match will be available on Sports.NDTV.com. Stay updated with Australia vs Bangladesh live score. Do check for Australia vs Bangladesh scorecard. You can get scorecard updates, match related facts. Get quick live updates with ads, Sports.NDTV.com, which is the perfect destination for live cricket score.

4.6 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! EDGY! Good-length ball, just outside off. Mahmudullah prods and looks to block with hard hands. The ball takes the outside egde and flies past Aaron Finch at first slip. A boundary to end the over.

4.5 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Nicely done! Short of a length, around off. Mahmudullah hangs back and whips it in front of square to collect a boundary. He gets off the mark in some style!

4.4 overs (0 Run)
Back of a length, around off. Mahmudullah hangs back and blocks it off the back foot.

4.3 overs (0 Run)
BEATEN! Length ball, outside off, inviting Mahmudullah to drive through covers. He comes forward to carve it through cover but the ball zips past his outside edge.

4.2 overs (0 Run)
Length ball, shaping away from outside off. Mahmudullah prods but leaves it alone.

4.1 overs (1 Run)
A full toss, around leg. Mohammad Naim stays back and whips it to deep square leg for a single.

Change. Mitchell Starc (1-0-2-1) is back on.

3.6 overs (1 Run)
That is the first over of the match where a wicket has not fallen. Short of a length, outside off. Naim runs it to deep backward point for a single.

3.5 overs (0 Run)
Slower ball, on a length, outside off. Naim waits for it and taps it to covers.

3.4 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Lovely stroke. Back of a length, outside off. Naim punches it through covers. Two fielders chase it but the ball wins the race. Pure timing on that shot.

3.3 overs (0 Run)
Short of a length, around off. Naim pushes it to covers.

3.2 overs (0 Run)
Length ball, angling across off. Naim gets no bat on it while looking to block.

3.1 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Over the fielder! Full ball, outside off. Naim goes at it with hard hands but gets it from the outer half of the bat. The ball goes towards backward point. Smith dives full length to his left but does not get there. The ball runs to the fence.

Pat Cummins comes into the attack now. He replaces Josh Hazlewood.

2.6 overs (0 Run)
Loopy ball, on off. Blocked out.

The skipper of Bangladesh, Mahmudullah, comes out to bat at number 5. How will he handle the repair work?

2.5 overs (0 Run)
OUT! LBW! Aussies get the third wicket in the third over and this is just how they would have wanted to start this game! Tossed up, around off. Rahim looks to flick but gets hit on the pads. The appeal is put in and the umpire raises the finger! The impact could be an issue here but Rahim does not review and walks back!

2.4 overs (1 Run)
Flatter ball, on off. Naim pulls it to deep mid-wicket for one.

2.3 overs (0 Run)
Tossed up, around off. Naim pushes it to covers.

2.2 overs (1 Run)
Loopy ball, on off. Rahim works it past square leg for one.

2.2 overs (1 Run)
Darted down the leg side. Left alone and called a wide.

2.1 overs (1 Run)
Shorter ball, outside off. Naim hits it to long off for one.

Who will walk out now? Mushfiqur Rahim it is. Also, a bowling change for Australia. Glenn Maxwell comes into the attack now.

1.6 overs (0 Run)
OUT! BOWLED! Further trouble for Bangladesh and the Aussies are off to a dream start! Josh Hazlewood serves a length ball, right on the off pole. It looks like Sarkar attempts to run it down to third man for a single. But the ball drops near him after hitting the bat and bounces back on the stumps!

1.5 overs (0 Run)
Short of a length, on leg. Sarkar pulls it towards square leg.

1.4 overs (0 Run)
Good length, on off. Sarkar stays inside the crease and defends it to backward point.

1.3 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Nicely played. Sarkar gets the first boundary of the innings. On a length, on off. Sarkar hangs back and heaves across the line. The ball takes the inner half and goes through mid-wicket for a boundary.

1.2 overs (0 Run)
Fuller ball, around off. Sarkar blocks it out with ease.

1.1 overs (0 Run)
On a length, on leg. Sarkar blocks it to the leg side.

Who will bowl from the other end? Josh Hazlewood it is.

0.6 over (0 Run)
On a length, on off. Naim taps it to point. A good first over by Starc.

0.5 over (1 Run)
Short of a length, around off. Sarkar pushes it past covers for one.

0.4 over (0 Run)
Full ball, on the pads. Sarkar works it to square leg.

Who will walk out now? Soumya Sarkar it is.

0.3 over (0 Run)
OUT! BOWLED! Starc gets the wicket in the first over! Again, he serves the perfect yorker, on off. Das looks to block but gets the inside edge. The ball rolls back onto the leg pole and Das walks back for a golden duck.

0.2 over (1 Run)
Another perfect yorker, on off. Naim looks to dig it out but gets the inside edge to fine leg for one.

Two slips come in place now.

0.1 over (0 Run)
A very full one. on off. Naim blocks it out with ease.

The game is set to begin! Both the teams stride out to the middle for their respective national anthems. It will be Bangladesh's first, followed by Australia's. Done with all the pre-match proceedings. Right then. The Australian players spread out to the respective fielding positions. Liton Das and Naim Sheikh walk out with their blade. All the players take the knee, to show their support for the Black Lives Matter movement. Mitchell Starc to start with the ball.

Pat Cummins is down for a chat. Says that the break between the two matches gave them a chance to regroup after the loss to England. Says that the game against England was a tough one and they want to move on from that. Informs that they will look to take quick wickets against Bangladesh. Mentions that the key is to concentrate and repeat how they played against Sri Lanka.

The Bangladeshi skipper, Mahmudullah, says that he would have bowled first but they will look to put a good score now. Adds that it has been a tough tournament for them and they would like to finish on a high. Informs that Mustafizur Rahman is back in for Nasum Ahmed.

Aaron Finch, the skipper of Australia, says they will bowl first. Adds that it looks like a good wicket and if at all there is any moisture on the wicket they would like to exploit it. Informs that they have made one change to their side, Mitchell Marsh comes back for Ashton Agar.

Bangladesh (Playing XI) - Mohammad Naim, Liton Das (WK), Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah (C), Afif Hossain, Shamim Hossain, Soumya Sarkar, Mahedi Hasan, Shoriful Islam, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman (In for Nasum Ahmed).

Australia (Playing XI) - Aaron Finch (C), David Warner, Mitchell Marsh (In for Ashton Agar), Glenn Maxwell, Steven Smith, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade (WK), Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood.

TOSS - Aaron Finch and Mahmudullah are out in the middle for an all-important toss. The coin goes up and lands in favour of Australia. They have decided to BOWL first.

PITCH REPORT - Michael Atherton is down for the pitch report. He says that there will be no dew as it is a day game. Adds that this was the same pitch that was used for the clash between New Zealand and Scotland, so it should be a good pitch to bat on. Dale Steyn says that the Aussies batters would be happy with this pitch as they look to get a big win here.

Bangladesh came into the competition after beating Australia and New Zealand in T20I series back home. But they soon received a reality check when Scotland got better of them in their first clash. They recovered and got through to the Super 12s but inconsistency has haunted them here. They have also dropped a lot of catches, which is not desirable in this format of the game. Now, they are out of contention to make it to the semi-finals and would want to play fearless cricket. Will Bangla Tigers get their first win of the competition? Stay tuned to find out over the course of this game.

Australia have been quite decent so far in the competition. They got two wins to start things off but the recent beating they took at the hands of England, has been a setback for them. Given how South Africa won their last game against Bangladesh, the Aussies would now be feeling the heat a bit. They would want to win this game by a big margin to not only get 2 points but to also help their NRR. It will be interesting to see if Mitchell Marsh comes back in the side as he missed their last game. Australia had a very poor show with the bat against England and would be desperate to change that here.

Hello and a warm welcome to the clash between Australia and Bangladesh. Before we get into the game, a very Happy Diwali to all our readers. A few months ago, both these teams faced each other in a T20I series in Bangladesh and it was dominated by the hosts. But those were different conditions and Australia did not have many players from the current squad play in that series. Things have changed and the Aussies have had a decent run so far in the T20 World Cup while Bangladesh have been quite poor in the Super 12s. They can only be party spoilers now and would look to spoil the party for the Aussies. Will they be able to? We shall find out.

... MATCH DAY ...

Super 12 - Match 34, ICC World Twenty20, 2021, Nov 04, 2021
Match Ended
AUS
78/2 (6.2)
BAN
73/10 (15.0)
Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai
Australia beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
Bangladesh Cricket Team
Australia Cricket Team
Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai
ICC T20 World Cup 2021
Australia Vs Bangladesh, Super 12 - Match 34
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
Shahid Afridi Reveals His "Unfulfilled Desire", It Has An 'India-Pakistan' Connection
India vs Pakistan: Rohit Sharma And Co. On The Cusp Of Huge Record In International Cricket
"It Was Relentless": England All-rounder Chris Jordan Reveals He Faced Racist Abuse After T20 World Cup Loss
"Don't Need To Say What India Means To Us": Mohammed Shami Opens Up On Being Targetted By Trolls After India's Defeat To Pakistan In 2021 T20 World Cup
"Hardest Pills I've Had To Swallow": Jofra Archer On Missing T20 World Cup And The Ashes

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/icc-t20-world-cup-2021/australia-vs-bangladesh-live-score-over-super-12-match-34-t20-1-5-updates-2599286 
 ----- 
