Skip to main content
SI TA
facebook twitter youtube instagram soundcloud

E-PAPER

Search form



9:47:18 January 06, 2025

Main menu
Local
 
Political
 
Business
 
Editorial
 
World
 
Law & Order
 
Entertainment
 
Features
 
T & C
 
Sports
 
Obituaries
 
More
Home Our bowlers did a fine job despite defeat, says Dasun Shanaka
Our bowlers did a fine job despite defeat, says Dasun Shanaka
Wednesday, November 3, 2021 - 01:00
Print Edition
Sports
Sri Lankan players celebrating a dismissal

The Sri Lanka bowlers have been outstanding throughout the tournament in the first ten overs. The back end of the game has been a concern for us said Sri Lankan skipper Dasun Shanaka after the England World Cup T20 match played in Sharjah Stadium on Monday. “ This is the first WC for most players, when they gain experience, they’ll do a better job”.

“We knew that dew will play a major factor in the second half. Losing wickets in regular intervals cost the game for us. Credit should go to Morgan and Buttler, They showed their experience. Actually Six months back, were not the same team. We were out of the competition, but these boys have come a long way in this tournament. I am happy with the way the boys have been fighting.said Skipper Shanaka.

Meanwhile England Captain Eoin Morgan, who has played more T20s than any other England player, described it as “one of Buttler’s best ever in an England shirt”.

“It was incredible to be at the other end and to watch the ebb and flow and then sheer domination at the end,” Morgan said.

“He is one of the best in the game and it is a privilege to play alongside him and have him in our team.”

Asked what makes Buttler so special, Morgan said: “It is a combination of the unbelievable skill level and the calm nature that he goes about it.

“He combines that with reading the game, where to score and when to score.”

He really is one of the best in the game, a privilege to play with and great to have in our team. I thought our all-round fielding performance was pretty good, given conditions and how wet things got. We’re just delighted with the win. Sri Lanka have pushed us further than we’ve been pushed so far in this tournament

They’ve boxed above their weight so far in the World Cup so they should be incredibly proud so far of what they’ve achieved but we’re delighted with four wins said skipper Morgan (Agencies)

Email
 
Facebook
 
Twitter
  
Pinterest
0 
WhatsApp
 
Viber
 
Messenger
  
Tags: 
Print Edition
ADD NEW COMMENT



There is 1 Comment
Our bowlers did a fine job despite defeat, says Dasun Shanaka
Submitted by Ranjit Thabrew (not verified) on Thu, 11/04/2021 - 10:06
reply
Add new comment
Your name 
Subject 
Comment *

Related Articles

<div class="views-lazy-load">Loading...</div>

 

Latest News
Sergeant, WPC interdicted for misplacing complaint book
The Nuwara Eliya Assistant Superintendent of Police has interdicted a...
Lotteries to be Rs.40 from today
The price of lotteries sold by the Development Lottery Board and the...
Three floating bodies found
Three unidentified bodies floating in the coastal sea area in Dehiwala and...
Fake shooting: Director, three remanded till July 19
Colombo Additional Magistrate Rajindra Jayasuriya yesterday (5) ordered...
Jaffna bus set on fire by owner to cash in on Rs. 30 Mn insurance
Information has been revealed that a luxury bus that was running from...
Police IDs of SP, OIC go missing in Kataragama
Police IDs of two Senior Police officials who were on special official...
Anticipatory bail refused for former Kandy Girls’ School Principal
The anticipatory bail application filed by the lawyers of the former...
Wanted suspect arrested after knife attack on police in Pettah
A person who tried to attack the police officers with a knife has been...

Editor's Pick
New laws to prohibit actions that threaten religious harmony - Minister
Stock market endorses DDO
Litro gas prices below Rs. 3,000 from midnight today
Sri Lanka will be able to shed its bankruptcy status by September - President
PUCSL approves overall 14.2% electricity tariff reduction
Entire banking system relieved of burden
Cabinet unanimously approves DDR
Debt restructuring will not affect superannuation funds - President
Recent comments
WIND POWER AND SOLAR
2 years 11 months ago
For once. Good idea.
Coin
2 years 11 months ago
coin
News
2 years 11 months ago
news
Pack of 20 commodity items
2 years 11 months ago
A good proposal. Arrangements are not in place for those who cannot go to the outlets.
Driving Licence Renewal
2 years 11 months ago
i need to renew my Driver's License
MORE 
Local
Political
Business
Editorial
World
Law & Order
Entertainment
Features
T & C
Sports
Obituaries
More
Government Gazette
On Air
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
About Us
Browse by Date
Awards & Accolades
Email :
dailynewsonline@lakehouse.lk
Call us : (+94) 112 429 429
Web Advertising : (+94) 112 429 315  Randinu Pathirana  +94 71 438 4072
 
Lake House Rest - Kataragama
NEWSPAPERS
Sunday Observer
Dinamina
Silumina
Thinakaran
Vaaramanjari
Observer Jobs
Observer Education
Adz
Arogya
Budusarana
Maanchu
Sarasaviya
Tharunie
Sathmadala
Subasetha

 © The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd., 1995–2023. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : http://archives1.dailynews.lk/2021/11/03/sports/263579/our-bowlers-did-fine-job-despite-defeat-says-dasun-shanaka?page=1035 
 ----- 
