Premier League
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
The Art of Scanning In Football
Man Utd Are Now a Sporting Irrelevance For Liverpool
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$0.50
sale price:  
 $0.25/week
Billed as $1 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $2 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $1 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $2 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
EFL players at the Asian Cup: It won’t just be Premier League stars in Qatar
By Nancy Froston
Jan 9, 2024

13

The memories of the Ahmed bin Ali Stadium in Qatar will still be fresh for Australia.

Thirteen months on from their impressive World Cup run, ended by a 2-1 defeat at the hands of eventual winners Argentina in the round of 16, they prepare to make a return to the same stadium in their Asian Cup group opener against India. Winners of Asia’s version of the European Championship, Copa America and Africa Cup of Nations in 2015, Graham Arnold’s side will look to build on the successes of last winter with a side full of players who ply their trade in the English Football League.

And Australia are far from alone — 11 players in total from the English football pyramid (all the leagues below the Premier League) will be turning out for their countries at the Asian Cup, with 19 in total playing in England, which is the most of any nation outside the AFC confederation.

From familiar faces including Riley McGree to lesser-known names such as Sean Tse, here are the lower-league players to monitor as they look to claim the crown of Asian champions from hosts and title holders Qatar.

Australia

More EFL players are representing Australia at the 24-team tournament than any other nation, with six making the trip to Qatar as part of Arnold’s squad. Harry Souttar‘s performances during the World Cup in 2022 earned him a move from Stoke City to Leicester City, who are currently leading the Championship. Though limited to four appearances under new manager Enzo Maresca for Leicester this season, the towering 6ft 6in (198cm) defender has been a regular for Australia since his first international call-up in 2019. The 25-year-old grew up in Scotland but is eligible to play for Australia through his mother, who was born in Port Hedland, Western Australia.

Middlesbrough team-mates Riley McGree and Samuel Silvera also made the squad, and both will be playing in their first senior Asian Cup.

McGree made his name in Australia’s A-League with Newcastle Jets, Melbourne City and Adelaide United before a loan spell at Birmingham City from 2020-21 and a permanent move to Middlesbrough in January 2022. The attacking midfielder won their goal of the season award for 2022-23 for a strike against Norwich City and was an integral part of the national team’s World Cup finals campaign, playing in all four games. Silvera is a more junior member of the squad with two caps to his name after his first senior call-up last September, shortly after he completed his move from the A-League’s Central Coast Mariners to Teesside.

EFL high-fliers Portsmouth and Ipswich Town, chasing promotion in League One and the Championship respectively, will be without striker Kusini Yengi and defender Cameron Burgess.

Yengi, a 24-year-old summer recruit from Western Sydney Wanderers, has scored seven in 18 games for John Mousinho’s side, where 13-goal Colby Bishop has been the leading striker. Scotland-born Burgess’ family moved to Australia when he was 11. He has had an established career in the EFL for Fulham, Oldham Athletic, Bury, Scunthorpe United, Salford City and Accrington Stanley before joining Ipswich, where he has become a key player for Kieran McKenna at centre-back or left-back. His first senior call-up came last September and he was also included in their October squad, along with club team-mate Massimo Luongo, who has since announced his international retirement. Luongo was voted player of the tournament as Australia won the 2015 Asian Cup under current Tottenham Hotspur head coach Ange Postecoglou.

Rounding out the EFL contingent in the Australia squad is Bolton Wanderers defender Gethin Jones.

The 28-year-old has featured for several EFL clubs including Plymouth Argyle, Barnsley and Wrexham during his career and, as his name suggests, represented Wales from under-16s to under-21s before switching his allegiance to the country of his birth. Bolton are chasing promotion from League One this season, with Jones featuring in 27 games for Ian Evatt’s side up to his departure for the Asian Cup.

Australia are in a group with India, Uzbekistan and Syria and will want to improve on their 2019 Asian Cup where, as defending champions, they were knocked out by the United Arab Emirates in the quarter-finals.

	Kusini Yenghi has seven goals for Portsmouth this season (Warren Little/Getty Images)
Hong Kong

Representing the non-League part of the English football pyramid at the tournament is Radcliffe FC’s Sean Tse, who will switch from the Northern Premier League’s Premier Division (seventh tier) for group games against the United Arab Emirates, Palestine and also Iran, who featured at the 2022 World Cup. Tse is one of two players who feature for teams outside Asia in the Hong Kong squad, managed by Jorn Andersen. The Far East nation are ranked 150th in the world and have a best-ever Asian Cup finish of third, in 1956.

Tse, a 31-year-old defender, is a product of Manchester City’s academy and has played in the Hong Kong Premier League for South China, Tai Po, R&F and Kitchee as well as Mancunian club Hyde United in the seventh tier of English football. He made his international debut in 2022 in an Asian Cup qualifier against Afghanistan.

Indonesia

By far the biggest name on this list — if social media following is any measure — is Elkan Baggott, a star for Indonesia’s national team who has 1.6million Instagram followers.

Currently on the books at Ipswich, the 21-year-old centre-back has been on loan spells at non-League King’s Lynn Town, Gillingham and Cheltenham Town after progressing through the ranks at Portman Road.

Born in Thailand, Baggott has lived in the UK since the age of nine and represented Indonesia at under-19 and under-23 levels before his senior debut in November 2021. He played an integral role in helping Indonesia get to this tournament with three appearances and a goal in a qualification event staged in Kuwait.

Indonesia will face Japan, Iraq and Vietnam in the group stage.

Iraq

Competing in the same group as Baggott will be AFC Wimbledon’s Ali Al-Hamadi.

The 21-year-old is enjoying a breakthrough season in League Two, scoring 13 league goals before joining up with the national team he made his senior debut for in November 2021. Following stints at Wycombe Wanderers, Swansea City and non-League Bromley, Al-Hamadi has found a home at Plough Lane as the leading man in Johnnie Jackson’s forward line.

After fleeing Iraq under the rule of Saddam Hussein with his mother, Al-Hamadi moved to Liverpool as a one-year-old but declared for the country of his birth in 2019. He has three goals in 11 international appearances, all of them scored this season.

	Al-Hamadi, left, in Carabao Cup action for Wimbledon against Chelsea (Clive Rose/Getty Images)
Japan

Also featuring in Group D is Huddersfield Town’s Japanese centre-back Yuta Nakayama.

After a valiant display at the 2022 World Cup which saw them knocked out on penalties by 2018 runners-up and eventual semi-finalists Croatia, Japan will look to assert their dominance as four-time Asian Cup winners. Along with the likes of Arsenal’s Takehiro Tomiyasu, Wataru Endo of Liverpool and Brighton’s Kaoru Mitoma, 26-year-old Nakayama will head to Qatar having missed out on the World Cup there due to an Achilles tendon injury suffered after he was named in their final squad.

He has made 20 appearances in the Championship for Huddersfield this season, after joining them from Dutch side PEC Zwolle in 2022.

Lebanon

A tough group containing champions Qatar, China and Tajikistan awaits Wimbledon’s Omar Bugiel.

The 30-year-old progressed up the pyramid in England after moving to the UK aged 16 from Germany, featuring for clubs including Worthing, Forest Green Rovers and Sutton United before signing for Wimbledon in June 2023. He holds dual Lebanese-German citizenship and received his first international call-up for the former in May 2017. The striker has played 31 times for Wimbledon this season, scoring five goals in all competitions.

Premier League players at the Asian Cup: Son Heung-min (Tottenham Hotspur, South Korea), Hwang Hee-chan (Wolves, South Korea), Kim Ji-soo (Brentford, South Korea), Tomiyasu (Arsenal, Japan), Endo (Liverpool, Japan), Mitoma (Brighton, Japan), Saman Ghoddos (Brentford, Iran), Justin Hubner (Wolves, Indonesia).

(Top photos: Getty Images)

Nancy Froston is The Athletic's Leeds United writer. She previously reported on the EFL covering the Championship, League One and League Two as well as a three year spell writing about Sheffield Wednesday. Follow Nancy on Twitter @nancyfroston

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5178824/2024/01/09/asian-cup-efl-players/ 
 ----- 
