Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things To Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Go and Do Calendar
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Senior Living
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Today’s Ads
Jobs
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Tigers gain ground in AL wild card race as Carpenter, Meadows key 4-3 win over Orioles
1 of 10

Detroit Tigers’ Kerry Carpenter, left, celebrates after his home run in front of Baltimore Orioles catcher Adley Rutschman (35) during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 22, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 22, 2024 at 6:20 PM EST

BALTIMORE (AP) — Kerry Carpenter homered twice, Parker Meadows made a home run-saving grab and the surging Detroit Tigers gained ground in the American League wild card race with a 4-3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season
Carpenter’s third multi-home run game of the season ensured the Tigers their first winning season since 2016 as Detroit (82-74) matched Kansas City (82-74) and moved a half-game in front of Minnesota (81-74) for the final AL wild card spot.

“We still have a long way to go, so we’re going to stay grounded,” said Tigers manager A.J. Hinch. “But both things can happen — we can be proud of what we’re doing and we can stay grounded and look forward to the next series.”

The Twins, who won the season series 7-6 with the Tigers, have the second game of their doubleheader in Boston later Sunday. The Twins would finish ahead of the Tigers if they finish with the same record.

The Tigers have won 11 of their last 14.

Baltimore (86-70) lost its fifth consecutive series and fell 5 1/2 games behind New York (91-64) in the AL East race with six to play but is still four games ahead of Kansas City and Detroit for the top wild card spot.

“We had a great chance to win last night, didn’t get it done,” said Orioles manager Brandon Hyde. “We had a chance today also. I thought we just had some unfortunate breaks today.”

Spencer Torkelson homered off Orioles right-hander Albert Suarez (8-7) and Trey Sweeney contributed an RBI double as the Tigers took a 2-0 lead.

Carpenter hit the first of his two homers in the third to make it 3-0.

Cedric Mullins connected with a two-run shot for Baltimore. Jordan Westburg added an RBI double in his first game since July 31 (right wrist fracture) to complete a three-run fifth and tie things up at 3-3.

The damage would’ve been greater without Meadows’ leaping grab over the wall in right-center to deny Colton Cowser a two-run homer off Sean Guenther (2-0) and end the inning.

“I was getting ready to jump at the wall,” said Carpenter, who was in right field with Meadows in center. “And then I saw him. He was locked on that thing.”

Carpenter led off the sixth with his second deep shot and 17th of the season, which cleared the front of the grounds crew shed in right by a few feet.

“It’s huge,” Carpenter said. “They could’ve taken a two-run lead and then two minutes later I hit the homer and we’re up by one. So it changes the entire game.”

From there, Brenan Hanifee and Will Vest bridged the gap to Jason Foley, who worked a perfect ninth for his 26th save.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Tigers: INF Colt Keith (right shoulder) made his first defensive start since Tuesday, playing second base. … Hanifee took Ramon Urías’ sixth-inning liner off the left thigh but remained in the game.

Orioles: Reinstated Westburg and Urías (right ankle sprain) from the 10-day injured list and optioned OF Daniel Johnson and INF Livan Soto to Triple-A Norfolk.

UP NEXT

Tigers: Will return to using a conventional starter to begin a home series against Tampa Bay on Tuesday when AL Cy Young contender Tarik Skubal (17-4, 2.48 ERA) makes his 31st start.

Orioles: Dean Kremer (7-10, 4.19) will try to complete six-plus innings for a fourth consecutive start to open Tuesday’s series at the New York Yankees.

— By IAN NICHOLAS QUILLEN, Associated Press

Originally Published: September 22, 2024 at 6:17 PM EST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Innovative Bra Design by 60-year-old Grandmother Goes Viral
Libiyi
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
North Charleston: Brand-new 2-bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
tardive
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
10 Foods You Should Never Eat at Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Dangerous Signs That You Have Psoriatic Arthritis (Take a Peek!)
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
What Triggers Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Shock You! (Learn More)
Myeloma Symptoms I Search Ads
Psoriatic Arthritis Unveiled: Understanding the Key Symptoms
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You'll Never Guess The Real Reason!
Tardive
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Forget Minoxidil, Use This Household Item to Fight Hair Loss
WG Hair Restore
Lymph Fluid & Excessive Swelling? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Edema
Neuropathy? When the Burning, Tingling & Numbness Won't Stop - Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
New retail center slated for old St. Mary’s property in St. Clair Shores
New retail center slated for old St. Mary’s property in St. Clair Shores
Someone buys state’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 in Macomb County
Someone buys state's first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 in Macomb County
Warren officials seek ‘door to door’ policy to be instituted in Fitzgerald
Warren officials seek 'door to door' policy to be instituted in Fitzgerald
Raising Cane’s fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
Raising Cane's fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
‘Like you’re on a different planet:’ Malibu left decimated by Palisades fire
‘Like you’re on a different planet:’ Malibu left decimated by Palisades fire
Richmond man killed in multi-vehicle crash in Oakland County
Richmond man killed in multi-vehicle crash in Oakland County
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn’t freeze to death, family says
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn't freeze to death, family says
Clinton Twp. Police Department ‘extremely proud’ of sergeant, overnight shift for water rescue
Clinton Twp. Police Department 'extremely proud' of sergeant, overnight shift for water rescue
Lakeview turns to new defense, rebounding philosophies in win over Fraser
Lakeview turns to new defense, rebounding philosophies in win over Fraser
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2024
September
22
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
e-Edition
Sign Up For Newsletters
IOS app
Android app
CLASSIFIEDS
Real Estate
Jobs
Autos
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Share Your News
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Daily Tribune
Oakland Press
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.macombdaily.com/2024/09/22/tigers-gain-ground-in-al-wild-card-race-as-carpenter-meadows-key-4-3-win-over-orioles/ 
 ----- 
