Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
TIGERS
AL wild-card race: Tigers control their own destiny after perfect Sunday
Updated: Sep. 23, 2024, 9:50 a.m.|Published: Sep. 23, 2024, 6:00 a.m.

Detroit Tigers' Trey Sweeney (27) and Spencer Torkelson (20) celebrate after a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, Sept. 22, 2024, in Baltimore. The Tigers won 4-3. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)AP

By Evan Woodbery | ewoodber@mlive.com

Here’s something that would have sounded crazy just a week ago: The Detroit Tigers control their own destiny in the MLB playoff race.

Sure, you’re welcome to engage in scoreboard-watching. But the Tigers no longer need any help. Their path to the playoffs for the first time since 2014 is exclusively in their hands.

0:01
/
0:13
Keep Watching
Green sends message with slam after heated exchange with Holland

That’s the case because of a Sunday in which everything went perfectly.

The Tigers beat the Baltimore Orioles to finish off a 5-1 road trip. Meanwhile, the Minnesota Twins were swept in their doubleheader with the Boston Red Sox, the Kansas City Royals lost their seventh consecutive game, and the Seattle Mariners snapped a three-game winning streak.

Here’s where the race for three American League wild cards stands.

WILD CARD STANDINGS

Team	Wins	Losses	Games behind
Baltimore	86	70	+4.0
Kansas City	82	74	---
TIGERS	82	74	---
Minnesota	81	75	1
Seattle	80	76	2
Tampa Bay	78	78	4
Boston	78	78	4

(Full standings available here)

Only the Red Sox and Mariners are in action on Monday. Everybody else, including the Tigers, is off.

The Tigers’ playoff odds surged after Sunday’s games.

CURRENT PLAYOFF ODDS (wild-card contenders)

Team	PECOTA	Fangraphs
Baltimore	100 percent	99.8
Kansas City	58.9	69.5
TIGERS	77.4	69.5
Minnesota	48.7	54.4
Seattle	13.9	6.3
Tampa Bay	0.7	0.5
Boston	0.4	0.2

Note: The totals exceed 300 percent because the Orioles and Mariners still have a very slim chance of winning their respective divisions.

It would take a historic collapse for the Orioles to lose a playoff spot. That means the three AL Central teams -- the Tigers, Royals and Twins -- are fighting for the remaining two spots.

Seattle is still hanging around. Tampa Bay and Boston haven’t been eliminated yet.

REMAINING SCHEDULE

The Tigers probably have the easiest final week of the season; the Orioles might have the toughest.

Orioles: at New York Yankees (3 games), at Minnesota (3 games)

Royals: at Washington (3 games), at Atlanta (3 games)

Tigers: Tampa Bay (3 games), Chicago White Sox (3 games)

Twins: Miami (3 games), Baltimore (3 games)

Mariners: at Houston (3 games), at Oakland (3 games)

Rays: at Detroit (3 games), at Boston (3 games)

Red Sox: at Toronto (3 games), Tampa Bay (3 games)

TIEBREAKERS

There are 11 potential tiebreaker scenarios involving the four teams who are most closely bunched together: the Tigers, Twins, Royals and Mariners.

The Twins are in the strongest position by virtue of winning the season series against all three other teams. The Mariners are in the weakest spot. The Royals would beat the Tigers in a head-to-head tiebreaker, but the inclusion of the Mariners in a three-team tiebreaker could tilt the advantage to Detroit.

Two-team tiebreaker:

Twins over Royals

Royals over Tigers

Twins over Tigers

Twins over Mariners

Tigers over Mariners

Royals over Mariners

The Royals and Mariners tied the season series, but the Royals’ 33-19 intradivisional record is currently better than the Mariners’ 27-19 record. Even if the Mariners won their final six games, they would still lose the tiebreaker to the Royals based on interdivisional record.

However, the fact that the Royals and Mariners tied their season series would impact the way the three- and four-team ties are sorted out, potentially benefiting the Tigers.

Three-team tiebreaker:

Twins, Royals, Tigers

Twins, Royals, Mariners

Tigers, Royals, Mariners

Twins, Tigers, Mariners

RECOMMENDED•MLIVE.COM

Detroit Lions’ 2025 opponents are setJan. 6, 2025, 12:30 p.m.

Which NFL Wild Card playoff game has the most -- and least -- expensive tickets?Jan. 6, 2025, 4:37 p.m.

Four-team tiebreaker:

Twins, Tigers, Royals, Mariners

With six games left, the Tigers stand on the edge of a playoff berth. It’s a moment that few could have predicted, but one that this team has fought hard to create.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/tigers/2024/09/al-wild-card-race-tigers-control-their-own-destiny-after-perfect-sunday.html 
 ----- 
