Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Parker Meadows saves Tigers' 4-3 win with leaping catch, Detroit moves into AL's 3rd wild-card spot
The Twins lost twice Sunday, falling one game out of the wild-card picture
Ian Casselberry
Contributing writer
Sun, Sep 22, 2024·2 min read
11

The Detroit Tigers moved into one of the American League's three wild-card playoff spots with a 4–3 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.

Kerry Carpenter hit two home runs and Spencer Torkelson added another to provide the majority of offense for Detroit. The Tigers ran out to a 3–0 lead before the Orioles tied the game in the fifth inning on a two-run homer by Cedric Mullins and an RBI double from Jordan Westburg.

The second of Carpenter's two home runs gave Detroit a 4–3 lead in the sixth, and three Tigers relievers — Brenan Hanifee, Will Vest and Jason Foley — pitched three scoreless, hitless innings to hold that lead through the end.

Foley got the save in the box score, but the Tigers' win might have been truly saved by center fielder Parker Meadows, who made a leaping catch at the fence to rob Colton Cowser of a two-run homer to end the fifth.

Parker Meadows brings this baseball back! 🤯 pic.twitter.com/au8kwkHD9c

— MLB (@MLB) September 22, 2024

Meadows' leaping theft was the second such catch the rookie has made this season, joining a grab he made in early August to swipe a home run from the Seattle Mariners' Cal Raleigh.

The rookie made another great catch on Saturday, taking an extra-base hit away from Mullins with a diving catch toward the warning track in left-center field.

Parker Meadows lays out to take away extra bases from Cedric Mullins 😮‍💨 pic.twitter.com/vagzVtF4hy

— MLB (@MLB) September 21, 2024

Detroit made a leap in the wild-card standings when the Minnesota Twins lost both games of a doubleheader to the Boston Red Sox on Sunday, falling 8–1 in the first matchup and 9–3 in the nightcap. And with the Kansas City Royals losing 2–0 to the San Francisco Giants, the Tigers tied for the AL's No. 2 wild-card spot, though the Royals hold the tiebreaker.

With their two losses on Sunday, Minnesota falls to 81–75 and one game out of the wild-card picture.

The Tigers have been on an improbable run to postseason contention in the second half of the season. On Aug. 10, Detroit was 55–63 and 10 games out of the third wild-card spot. They went 14–5 for the rest of the month and have gone 13–6 in September to make a significant jump in the standings.

Detroit begins a season-ending, six-game homestand on Monday, with three games against the Tampa Bay Rays (78–78) and three versus the Chicago White Sox (36–120).

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

6m ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Why are the A's spending big this winter as they relocate to Sacramento?

Brent Rooker's $60 million extension marks the latest expenditure for the typically thrifty A's.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
'He's generational': Inside Jeremiah Smith's path to stardom at Ohio State

It all started with a snub from a youth football coach that sparked a hunger in a then 7-year-old from South Florida.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
About Last Night: Fantasy basketball stars deliver as Cavaliers top Thunder in matchup of NBA's top teams

Wednesday's NBA slate provided a blend of history and standout fantasy performances. Dan Titus has the top takeaways from the slate.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Vikings-Rams wild-card playoff moved, Lakers game postponed as coaches, athletes are impacted by fires

Two NBA coaches have been affected by the wildfires in Southern California.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/parker-meadows-saves-tigers-4-3-win-with-leaping-catch-detroit-moves-into-als-3rd-wild-card-spot-214243895.html 
 ----- 
