MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Ohtani sets MLB record with homer and stolen base in same game in Dodgers' 6-4 win over Rockies
Updated Sep. 21, 2024 1:26 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Shohei Ohtani set a major league record by homering and stealing a base in the same game for the 14th time and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied to beat the last-place Colorado Rockies 6-4 on Friday night.

The win reduced the NL West-leading Dodgers' magic number to four to clinch the division. Los Angeles is already assured of a postseason berth.

Ohtani’s 52nd homer and 52nd stolen base allowed him to break the previous mark of 13 games with at least one of each set by Rickey Henderson in 1986 with the New York Yankees.

“He's lights out clearly,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “I think he's ramped up his focus.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Teoscar Hernández hit a go-ahead homer — his 30th — leading off the sixth inning that gave the Dodgers a 4-3 lead. He and Ohtani have homered in the same game 11 times.

“It’s great being a teammate with Shohei, especially because of the things he’s been doing this year,” Hernández said.

The Dodgers tacked on two runs in the seventh. Pinch-hitter Tommy Edman scored on Mookie Betts' sacrifice fly. Ohtani legged out an infield single to first base and then stole second. He was safe at third on a throwing error by center fielder Sam Hilliard and scored on Hernández’s infield single.

Ohtani had a go-ahead homer with two outs in the fifth after Andy Pages led off the inning with a solo shot. It was Ohtani's 27th homer at Dodger Stadium, tying Cody Bellinger for the most at home in a single season.

“To be able to cover that ball at the top of the zone, above the zone, go to the big part of the field, it’s pretty spectacular,” Roberts said.

Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026?...
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Marcus Freeman, Notre Dame 'find a way' to get past Penn State, advance to title game
Christian Gray had a memorable interception and Mitch Jeter kicked a game-winning 41-yard field goal to lead Notre Dame to a 27-24 win over Penn...
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

Ohtani singled in the third and finished with his 11th three-hit performance of the season.

He gave the crowd of 49,073 some thrills after the home fans had to watch long distance Thursday night when he became the first player in major league history to hit 50 homers and steal 50 bases in a season at Miami.

The Rockies got home runs by Charlie Blackmon, Hilliard and Michael Toglia.

Alex Vesia (4-4) got the victory with one inning of relief. Michael Kopech pitched the ninth for his 14th save.

Colorado's Kyle Freeland (5-8) took the loss, giving up four runs and seven hits in six innings. He struck out two and didn't walk anyone for the fourth time this season.

Ryan Brasier pitched the first inning to open the bullpen game for the Dodgers.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Rockies: RHP Tyler Kinley went on the 15-day IL with right elbow inflammation.

Dodgers: LHP Clayton Kershaw (toe) threw a 30-pitch bullpen session and hopes to face hitters next week. ... RHP Anthony Banda (hand) will throw a bullpen this weekend.

UP NEXT

Rockies: RHP Cal Quantrill (8-10, 4.68 ERA) makes his second start Saturday since coming off the IL. He's 1-5 in his career against LA.

Dodgers: RHP Walker Buehler (1-5, 5.54) is looking for just his second win of the season. He got hit hard by the Rockies on June 18, giving up seven hits, seven runs and two homers.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Colorado Rockies
Major League Baseball
Los Angeles Dodgers
Shohei Ohtani
Teoscar Hernández
Shohei Ohtani
New York Yankees
Los Angeles Dodgers
Colorado Rockies
MLB - Colorado Rockies vs. Los Angeles Dodgers - 09/22/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/ohtani-sets-mlb-record-with-homer-and-stolen-base-in-same-game-in-dodgers-64-win-over-rockies 
 ----- 
