  
Man United vs. Newcastle: 16 hrs 32 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Como vs. LeccePreview: Villa vs. BrightonPreview: Bologna vs. Hellas VeronaPreview: Ipswich vs. ChelseaToday's previews
Home > Football > France > Previews
Friendlies 1
Mar 23, 2024 at 8pm UK
Parc Olympique Lyonnais
France
0 - 2
Germany

 Mbappe (68'), Rabiot (73')
FT
(HT: 0-1)
Wirtz (1'), Havertz (49')
 Nagelsmann (60'), Andrich (68')
Build-up
Preview
Data Analysis
Lineups
Predicted XI
Match Report
FOOTBALL
Preview: France vs. Germany - prediction, team news, lineups
By Ben Knapton, Senior Reporter
Published: March 21 2024 | 11:53
Last updated: March 22 2024 | 21:40

Hosting the only team to get one over them throughout 2023, France welcome Germany to the Groupama Stadium on Saturday for an international friendly of titanic proportions.

Die Mannschaft bested their Bleus foes 2-1 seven months ago, and this weekend's fixture represents both teams' first match of the year as Euro 2024 preparations heat up.

Match preview

© Reuters

In the wake of World Cup 2022 heartbreak and a forgettable campaign in the Nations League, where they survived relegation to the second tier by the skin of their teeth, France came through their Euro 2024 qualifying group with only one miniscule blot on the notebook.

Seven matches brought seven wins for Didier Deschamps's men, who did the double over the Netherlands and also put a staggering 14 past Gibraltar without reply for the biggest win in their history, before dropping their only points in the section in a 2-2 draw with Greece.

First place in the group had already been long rubber-stamped, though, and Les Bleus will coincidentally reunite with qualifying foes Netherlands and 2022-23 Nations League opponents Austria in the group stage, alongside one of four playoffs hopefuls in Wales, Finland, Poland or Estonia.

March's friendlies with Germany and Chile - who visit the Orange Velodrome in Marseille three days after Germany's sojourn - represent France's final two chances to impress the manager ahead of Euro 2024, where Les Bleus will bid to end a barren 24-year sequence without lifting the coveted continental crown.

Another route to European stardom could come via the Nations League for France, who have been drawn together with Israel, Belgium and Italy in League A Group 2 - to begin later this autumn - and Deschamps's men are on a run of five successive home friendly wins ahead of Germany's highly-anticipated visit.

© Reuters

While witnessing all of their continental counterparts fight for the right to visit their beloved homeland at Euro 2024, Germany have been devoid of competitive action since exiting the World Cup with a whimper for the second time in a row in 2022, engaging solely in friendly battles during a tumultuous 2023.

Only three of those 11 exhibition contests saw Die Mannschaft come up trumps, one of which came under the temporary tutelage of Rudi Voller against France in September, just three days after a humiliating 4-1 home loss to Japan saw the Germany hierarchy pull the trigger on Hansi Flick.

Up stepped Julian Nagelsmann, whose shock sacking from Bayern Munich last spring was unjust in the eyes of many, but since opening his Mannschaft account with a 3-1 beating of the USA, the 36-year-old has overseen a 2-2 draw with Mexico and successive losses to Turkey and Austria.

A far cry from the side that won eight straight games immediately after Euro 2020, Germany have only achieved six victories from their subsequent 22 fixtures and are doing little to inspire national belief ahead of a home Euros, where Hungary, Switzerland and Scotland will fancy their chances of memorable scalps in Group A.

However, Thomas Muller and Leroy Sane's efforts saw the Germans end a six-game winless run against France with a 2-1 success back in September, and the former was also on target when Die Mannschaft last overcame Les Bleus on French soil in 2013, when the winner arrived from Sami Khedira.

France friendly form:
L
W



France form (all competitions):
W
L
W
W
W
D






Germany friendly form
L
W
W
D
L
L



Team News

© Reuters

Only one player originally called up to the France ranks has been forced to pull out through injury so far, although the withdrawal is a significant one, as Atletico Madrid attacker and Bleus mainstay Antoine Griezmann has succumbed to an ankle injury.

As a result, the 33-year-old's incredible streak of 84 consecutive appearances for France will come to an end this month, but aside from Griezmann and knee victim Kingsley Coman, Deschamps is working with a recognisable, star-studded selection of experienced players.

Aston Villa's Moussa Diaby has earned himself a recall to the Bleus squad for the first time in 12 months, while injury-plagued Liverpool defender Ibrahima Konate is also back in the ranks but will likely be kept in reserve owing to his recent hamstring problem.

Meanwhile, two Bayern Munich-based players have already had to leave the Germany camp in the shape of uncapped midfielder Aleksandar Pavlovic and experienced goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, who is now a doubt for his side's Champions League quarter-final with Arsenal due to an adductor injury.

With Neuer sidelined, the second-most capped player in the German ranks behind Muller is Real Madrid's Toni Kroos, back in the national team setup for the first time since Euro 2020 and now in line to win his 107th cap for Die Mannschaft.

However, a surfeit of revered names have been cut from the ranks since November's loss to Austria, including Leon Goretzka, Serge Gnabry, Sane, Mats Hummels, Niklas Sule and Kevin Trapp, while Timo Werner has also been overlooked despite a promising start to life on loan at Tottenham Hotspur.


France possible starting lineup:
Maignan; Clauss, Pavard, Upamecano, T. Hernandez; Rabiot, Tchouameni, Camavinga; Dembele, Thuram, Mbappe

Germany possible starting lineup:
Ter Stegen; Kimmich, Tah, Rudiger, Mittelstadt; Kroos, Andrich, Gundogan; Musiala, Wirtz; Havertz



We say: France 3-1 Germany

With several veterans expelled from the Germany ranks and Nagelsmann still tinkering with his preferred setup, Die Mannschaft could have rather the experimental feel about them this week, which should not be a recipe for success against a settled France.

Even without the Griezmann glue holding them together, Deschamps's side ought to make the most of Germany's current predicament and lay down a serious marker ahead of Euro 2024.


For data analysis of the most likely results, scorelines and more for this match please click here.

Written by
Ben Knapton
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


How you voted: France vs Germany
France
65.4%
Draw
15.6%
Germany
19.0%
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free match previews newsletter! Updates are sent twice a week.  
Read more about Didier Deschamps Rudi Voller Hansi Flick Julian Nagelsmann Thomas Muller Leroy Sane Sami Khedira Antoine Griezmann Kingsley Coman Moussa Diaby Ibrahima Konate Manuel Neuer Aleksandar Pavlovic Timo Werner Kevin Trapp Niklas Sule Mats Hummels Serge Gnabry Toni Kroos Leon Goretzka Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Kroos returns to Germany squad, six players receive first call-up
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
Did Trent just hint at his future? Defender responds to rumours against West Ham
Another Salah record! The numbers behind his incredible season with Liverpool
The best matches to watch during the international period
Antoine Griezmann pulls out of France squad with ankle injury
Top 10 greatest games in World Cup history
Arsenal 'could block Olympic call-up for William Saliba'
Sport News 24/7 
Premier League
7.45pm
	Aston Villa	vs	Brighton
7.45pm
	Ipswich	vs	Chelsea
8pm
	Man Utd	vs	Newcastle
Serie A
5.30pm
	Como	vs	Lecce
7.45pm
	Bologna	vs	Hellas Verona
Primeira Liga
8.15pm
	Famalicao	vs	Santa Clara
League Two
8pm
	AFC Wimbledon	vs	Gillingham
NIFL Premiership
7.45pm
	Ballymena	vs	Glenavon
7.45pm
	Carrick	vs	Crusaders
7.45pm
	Cliftonville	vs	Dungannon
7.45pm
	Linfield	vs	Larne
7.45pm
	Loughgall	vs	Coleraine
7.45pm
	Portadown	vs	Glentoran
Gulf Cup of Nations
2.30pm
	Oman	vs	2nd position Group B
5.45pm
	Bahrain	vs	Kuwait
NFL
1.20am
	Falcons	@	Washington
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Click here for the overview & results for International Friendlies 2024.
> International Friendlies 2024 overview
1
Ipswich vs. Chelsea injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
"He's a smiling assassin": Is Amorim right to banish problematic Rashford?
3
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
4
Aston Villa vs. Brighton injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
5
Another Salah record! The numbers behind his incredible season with Liverpool
6
La Liga attacker 'on verge of joining' Messi & co at Inter Miami
7
Why did Adams miss Bournemouth's draw with Fulham?
8
Sunday's Championship predictions including Derby County vs. Leeds United
9
Sunday's Primeira Liga predictions including Sporting Lisbon vs. Benfica
10
Saka, Sterling return dates: Arsenal injury list for Brentford battle
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/france/preview/preview-france-vs-germany-prediction-team-news-lineups_539454.html 
 ----- 
