Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Guardians place rookie pitcher Tanner Bibee on injured list, ending right-hander’s solid season
1 of 4 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee tosses out Texas Rangers’ Jonah Heim at first base during the third inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

2 of 4 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Cleveland Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

3 of 4 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee, second from right, is checked by a member of the team’s medical staff after being hit on the foot by Texas Rangers’ Leody Taveras (not shown), as Bo Naylor, left and Josh Naylor, right look on during the fifth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. Bibee left the game in the sixth inning because of the injury. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

Read More
4 of 4 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee, back left, throws out Texas Rangers’ Leody Taveras, front right, during the fifth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

BY  TOM WITHERS
Updated 4:01 PM UTC, September 18, 2023
Share

CLEVELAND (AP) — Cleveland Guardians rookie Tanner Bibee was placed on the injured list Monday with hip inflammation, ending a season in which he established himself as a frontline starter while leading a staff decimated by injuries.

Bibee was forced to leave his start on Saturday night against Texas after 5 1/3 innings with what the team called tightness in his hip.

The 24-year-old did not travel with the Guardians on their trip to Kansas City, staying back to receive treatment. Bibee said goodbye to several teammates and coaches in the clubhouse Sunday following Cleveland’s win over the Rangers.

With the Guardians trailing AL Central-leading Minnesota by seven games with 12 remaining, it makes sense for Cleveland to start planning ahead for next season and getting Bibee healthy is a priority.

To take Bibee’s roster spot, the team recalled reliever James Karinchak from Triple-A Columbus.

The Guardians had to count on Bibee this season and the right-hander delivered.

With ace Shane Bieber, Triston McKenzie and Cal Quantrill out for extended periods with injuries, Bibee stepped up and became the team’s No. 1 starter by default. He finished 10-4 with a 2.98 ERA in 25 starts, striking out 141 in 142 innings.

RELATED STORIES
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates
Former Cy Young winner Shane Bieber returning to Cleveland Guardians on 1-year deal, AP source says
Shane Bieber says bonds led to re-signing with Guardians after he missed '24 following elbow surgery

Bibee’s emergence comes at a good time for the Guardians. Cleveland considered trading Bieber before he got hurt and his long-term future with the team remains uncertain. McKenzie seems to have avoided major elbow surgery, but the right-hander has been slowed by injuries for several seasons.

Bibee will likely receive AL Rookie of the Year consideration as one of the front runners with Baltimore shortstop Gunnar Henderson and Texas third baseman Josh Jung.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10,...
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
The ‘Worst in Show’ CES produ cts put your data at risk and cause waste, privacy advocat...
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was 'plainly'...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai met extra voordeel tot €4.000.
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazingwe...
Waarom deskundigen speculeren dat SHAPE wel eens het einde van de dieetin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Adidas alleen vandaag in de aanbieding
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Johnny Gaudreau's number will be retired by the junior USHL's...
Johnny Gaudreau's jersey number will be retired by his junior hockey team at a...
AP News
De door een tandarts ontworpen waterfloss er verovert Groning...
FlossyFresh
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Stop het blaffen van elke hond met dit...
Pet Zen Pro
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Eet dit 's ochtends om je darmen (bijna onmi ddellijk) legen te kun...
Floravia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Groningen: Parents Trust Qustodio
Qustodio
Advertisement:
Try Now
Dit is hoe u weer goed gaat horen (lees hier)
audibene hoortoestellen
Advertisement:
Hyundai KONA Hybrid rijden voor €279 per maand? Leg uit.
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Play for free.
PanzerRush:Advertisement
Afvallen Zonder Hongergevoel: Welke Pillen Werken Daadwerkelijk?
gezondheidsvergelijking.com:Advertisement
Meer lezen
Betaal minder en verwarm uw huis
HeaterLux:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Zeg vaarwel tegen bunion ongemak
HalluxGuard:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/tanner-bibee-guardians-d14d0ca137137c668976a3aa71a0568a 
 ----- 
