Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians score twice with two out in the eighth inning to beat Rangers, 2-1
Updated: Sep. 16, 2023, 10:49 p.m.|Published: Sep. 16, 2023, 8:54 p.m.
33
1/33
Cleveland Guardians vs. Texas Rangers, September 16, 2023
By Paul Hoynes, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Inconsistent teams do inconsistent things.

The Guardians scored 12 runs on 15 hits in Friday’s win against the Rangers. On Saturday night they crossed the plate just twice, but that was enough to beat Texas, 2-1, at Progressive Field.

Russell Wilson Wants To Return to the Steelers

The victory was tempered by an injury to rookie right-hander Tanner Bibee that forced him to leave the game in the sixth inning with what the Guardians described as “right hip tightness.”

It could mark the end of Bibee’s season after 25 starts. He is an AL Rookie of the Year candidate.

Recommended Guardians stories

How will Guardians honor Terry Francona in his final season? Hey, Hoynsie!
Chris Antonetti staying, but Guardians president has many challenges heading into 2024 – Terry Pluto
Kyle Manzardo, Guardians’ newest prospect, tries to concentrate on baseball while his mom awaits a heart transplant

The Guardians were a study in frustration offensively until they scored twice in the eighth inning to overcome the Rangers’ 1-0 lead. Ramon Laureano started the rally with a one-out double off left-hander Will Smith (2-6). Bo Naylor walked, but right-hander Jose Leclerc relieved and retired Myles Straw on a pop up.

But Tyler Freeman kept the inning going with a game-tying bloop single to left field that Evan Carter almost caught. Steven Kwan followed with what proved to be the game-winner with a single to left center field to score Naylor from second.

Cleveland, until the eighth inning, stranded 10 runners and went 0 for 8 with runners in scoring position. The ended the night 2 for 11 with runners in scoring position.

Reynaldo Lopez (3-7) was the winner. Emmanuel Clase pitched the ninth for his 41st save in 52 chances.

“I get a little extra excitement whenever I face the Rangers,” said Clase, through interpreter Agustin Rivero. The Guardians acquired Clase from Texas for Corey Kluber in December 2019. That was 107 saves ago.

The Rangers took a 1-0 lead in the fifth on two-out hits by Carter and Marcus Semien.

Bibee retired Josh Smith on a liner to short to start the inning. Leody Tavares hit Bibee in the left foot with a liner to the mound. Bibee recovered quickly and threw out Tavares at first with a diving effort.

He was was checked by headed athletic trainer James Quinlan and threw one practice pitch before staying in the game. Carter singled to right and Semien doubled high off the left field wall to score Carter.

Bibee left the game in the sixth with one out and a 3-0 count on Mitch Garver.

“My hip kind of locked up on me on the ball I fielded in the fourth inning and the one that went off my foot in the fifth inning,” said Bibee. “I went down to get it, got up, tossed it and my hip locked up and wouldn’t let go.”

In the fourth inning Bibee fielded a routine bouncer back to the mound by Jonah Heim. After he flipped the ball to first base, he started to limp.

Bibee will get an MRI on Sunday. The Guardians have just 13 games left on the schedule, which means Bibee could be shut down.

The Guardians put eight runners on base in the first three innings, but failed to score against Dane Dunning.

“We had so many runners on base early, but we didn’t cash in,” said manager Terry Francona. “But because our bullpen held them, it gave us a chance.”

Enyel De Los Santos, Sam Hentges, Reynaldo Lopez and Clase held the Rangers scoreless on one hit over the last 3 2/3 innings.

Jose Ramirez and Josh Naylor hit consecutive one-out singles in the first, but Kole Calhoun struck out and Andres Gimenez lined out to center.

Will Brennan opened the second with a single, but was thrown out attempting to steal second. It cost the Guardians a run.

Bo Naylor followed with a single and steal of second. Dunning hit Straw with a pitch, but struck out Jose Tena. Dunning walked Kwan to load the bases -- if Brennan was still on base he would have scored -- and ended the inning by striking out Ramirez.

Kalhoun singled with one out in the third. Brennan followed with a two-out walk, but Bo Naylor popped out to third.

Ramirez reached on a bloop single to start the fifth. He stole second (No. 25) and watched Kalhoun draw a one-out walk.

The Guardians put runners on second and third with two in the seventh, but Will Smith retired Calhoun to end the inning.

The win pulled the Guardians within seven games of the first-place Twins in the AL Central with 13 games to play. Any combination of Twins wins and Guardians loses equaling seven will eliminate the Guards.

BET $5, GET $200 BONUS BETS

DRAFTKINGS SPORTSBOOK

CLAIM OFFER

BET $50, GET $250 BONUS BETS

CAESARS SPORTSBOOK

CLAIM OFFER

BET $5, GET $200 BONUS BETS & $100 OFF NFL SUNDAY TICKET

FANDUEL SPORTSBOOK

CLAIM OFFER

$1,000 FIRST BET OFFER

BETMGM

CLAIM OFFER

BET $1, GET $200 BONUS BETS

BET365

CLAIM OFFER

With Ohio sports betting promos now launched, new users can take advantage of sign-up offers from DraftKings Ohio as well BetMGM Ohio, FanDuel Ohio and bet365 Ohio.

RECOMMENDED•CLEVELAND.COM

5 Guardians 2025 season predictions, from Juan Brito’s roster spot to Bo Naylor’s home runs: Joe NogaJan. 8, 2025, 3:00 p.m.

Guardians reach 1-year deal with Lane Thomas to avoid arbitrationJan. 9, 2025, 1:32 p.m.

Next: RHP Gavin Williams (2-5, 3.43) vs. TBA Sunday at 1:40 p.m. Bally Sports Great Lakes, WTAM, WMMS and the Guardians radio network will carry the game.

Ad not displaying properly? Become a Cleveland Baseball Insider by clicking here.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2023/09/guardians-scores-twice-with-two-out-in-the-eighth-inning-to-beat-rangers-2-1.html 
 ----- 
