    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Stokes guides nervy England to semis; hosts Australia knocked out
SPORTS
Stokes guides nervy England to semis; hosts Australia knocked out
November 5, 2022 0

England survived a scare to reach the semi-finals of Men’s T20 World Cup with a nerve-jangling four-wicket victory over Sri Lanka in Sydney.

Chasing 142 in the win-or-bust match, England were cruising at 75-0 in the eighth over before a collapse of 5-36 put them in peril.

They needed 13 from 12 balls with four wickets left, but Ben Stokes’ calm 42 not out took them to victory with two balls to spare at the Sydney Cricket Ground.

It sets up a semi-final in Adelaide on Thursday, most likely against India if they beat Zimbabwe on Sunday.

Click to view full scoreboard

England also recovered excellently with the ball to restrict Sri Lanka to 141-8 after they raced to 52-1 after five overs.

Adil Rashid expertly halted the scoring and claimed the crucial wicket of opener Pathum Nissanka for 67 from 45 balls in returning figures of 1-16 from four overs.

Mark Wood recovered from conceding 17 in his first over to take 3-26 from three, while Sam Curran was superb for 1-27.

England’s win eliminated hosts and defending champions Australia and kept alive their bid to win the T20 world title for a second time.

Stokes delivers when England need him

It should have been far easier for England given the roaring start to their chase, but the pressure of the situation, combined with Sri Lanka’s clever spinners and a tiring pitch, set up an unexpectedly tense finale.

When Chris Woakes cut seamer Lahiru Kumara towards a vocal section of England fans for the four that sealed victory, the relief was palpable.

Captain Jos Buttler added 28 in a thrilling opening stand with Hales, but when he picked out deep mid-wicket off leg-spinner Wanindu Hasaranga the slide began.

Hales toe-ended a sweep to Hasaranga, Liam Livingstone holed out at long-on, Moeen Ali chipped straight to extra cover and Sam Curran hooked to fine leg.

England were also hampered by the loss of Dawid Malan – he did not bat because of a groin injury sustained in the field – but throughout it all Stokes was nerveless.

Although his place in this side has been questioned after one double-figure score in six innings since being recalled to the T20 side, once again he delivered when England needed him most on the big occasion.

He struck only two fours but expertly picked gaps for singles and twos. When he walked from the field he did so with England’s fans wildly singing Sweet Caroline at this famous ground.

It means England join New Zealand in the last four and do so with real momentum. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Archery Guyana to be represented at XXVI Pan American Championship
Next article
Belladrum farmers benefit from breeding bull to boost cattle production
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Guyana Cycling Federation calls emergency meeting amid ‘leadership crisis’
Sports
Do Kohli and Rohit have a future in Test cricket? ‘It’s up to them,’ says Gambhir
Sports
Australia regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy; set up WTC final date with South Africa
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Guyana Cycling Federation calls emergency meeting amid ‘leadership crisis’
Editor - January 5, 2025
Do Kohli and Rohit have a future in Test cricket? ‘It’s up to them,’...
Editor - January 5, 2025
Australia regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy; set up WTC final date with South Africa
Editor - January 5, 2025
1 million passengers transited through ports of entry in 2024
Editor - January 5, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
November 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4	5	6
7	8	9	10	11	12	13
14	15	16	17	18	19	20
21	22	23	24	25	26	27
28	29	30	 
« Oct   Dec »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/11/05/stokes-guides-nervy-england-to-semis-hosts-australia-knocked-out/ 
 ----- 
