Skip to content
54°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTS
Machado’s 2 home runs carry the Padres to a 4-2 win against the Cardinals
Manny Machado hit two homers and drove in three runs for the San Diego Padres, who beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4-2 to extend their season-high winning streak to eight games
Gregory Bull / Associated Press San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado celebrates after hitting a two-run home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals, Friday, Sept. 22, 2023, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
By BERNIE WILSON
UPDATED: September 23, 2023 at 5:47 AM PDT

SAN DIEGOSAN DIEGO — Manny Machado hit two homers and drove in three runs for the San Diego Padres, who beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4-2 on Friday night to extend their season-high winning streak to eight games.

A season after Machado helped carry the Padres to the NL Championship Series, they’re fighting for their playoff lives. The Padres are four games out in the race for the third and final NL wild card, with four teams ahead of them. They’ve been under .500 since May 12.

“We have eight games to empty the tank,” said Machado, who reached 30 homers for the seventh time. He’s been limited to DH duty since Sept. 1 due to right tennis elbow that he says will require surgery after the Padres’ season ends.

Machado twice put San Diego ahead, the second time on a two-run homer to left field off Matthew Liberatore (3-6) with one out in the eighth inning. Machado gestured toward the Padres’ dugout after hitting his 30th homer, with Juan Soto aboard on a double.

He was greeted with chants of “Manny! Manny! Manny!” from the sellout crowd of 42,983 and then answered a curtain call.

“Right now I’m going to continue to keep playing,” Machado said. “It’s the same day every day. It’s not getting worse, it’s not getting better. Surgery is going to be there when the time is. Ultimately now it’s just a matter of going out and competing.”

In the sixth, Machado blew a bubble as he rounded first after his leadoff homer against Dakota Hudson gave the Padres a 2-1 lead. It was his 39th career multi-homer game and sixth this season.

“He’s got a flair for the dramatic, too,” manager Bob Melvin said. “Their guy pitched well so it came down to a couple of Manny homers, which we’ve seen him do before. It’s not a surprise.

“He continues to go out there and play. Doesn’t have to. I think he even took some early swings today, which we’re trying to limit his swings because of it, but he wants to be the best he can be and he certainly was tonight.”

It’s taken until late September for the high-priced Padres to play their best baseball. Their payroll of around $250 million is the third-highest in the majors.

“We’re just playing right now,” Melvin said. “We’ve tried all sorts of different strategies here to understand where we are. Right now we’re just playing games.”

The Cardinals tied it in the eighth when Paul Goldschmidt hit a leadoff single and scored on Jordan Walker’s triple to center field off Luis Garcia. The Cardinals couldn’t bring in Goldschmidt as Garcia struck out Richie Palacios and walked Ivan Herrera before Robert Suarez (4-2) came on and retired the side.

The Cardinals, who were eliminated from playoff contention Tuesday night and are last in the NL Central, tied the game at 1 when Masyn Winn homered leading off the sixth against starter Matt Waldron. It was his second.

The Padres had taken a 1-0 lead on Brett Sullivan’s RBI single in the second.

Waldron, making his fifth start, has allowed a homer in all seven appearances this year. Winn’s shot was the first Waldron served up with his knuckleball. Waldron permitted one run and three hits in 5 2/3 innings, struck out nine and walked two.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: Placed 3B Nolan Arenado and C Willson Contreras on the 10-day injured list, ending their seasons. Arenado was sidelined by lower back spasms, and Contreras has left wrist tendinitis. … St. Louis also transferred OF Dylan Carlson to the 60-day IL, selected infielder-outfielder Irving Lopez from Triple-A Memphis and recalled outfielder Michael Siani from Memphis.

UP NEXT

Cardinals RHP Jake Woodford (2-2, 5.31 ERA) and Padres RHP Nick Martinez (5-4, 3.73) are scheduled to start Saturday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Originally Published: September 23, 2023 at 12:47 AM PDT
Around the Web
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Nurse Salaries & Degrees in The USA Might Surprise You. See Options
Nurse Job in USA
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Doctors Baffled: Simple Tip Relieves Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
Healthier Living
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Taipei: Unsold Car Prices in The USA Might Surprise You
Unsold Cars
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
San Diego escapes a major wildfire as Santa Ana winds die down. More could hit this weekend.
Macy's and Kohl's store closures in San Diego County
Why is Los Angeles on fire but San Diego isn’t? It has to do with wind direction
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
Michael Smolens: Gloria plans an unmistakable message for San Diegans
2025 NFL Mock Draft: Cam Ward to the Titans in our initial first-round projections
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
3 San Diego organizations raising funds or collecting donations for L.A. wildfire victims
With more Santa Anas on way, San Diego fire agencies take aggressive stance
Trump tax cuts, if made permanent, stand to benefit highest income earners, Treasury analysis shows
California bans insurance cancellation in L.A. fire-affected areas
Driver who was fatally shot after ramming El Cajon police officer was ‘soaked in gasoline’
MORE IN SPORTS
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
Padres could be headed to first arbitration hearing since 2014
2023
September
23
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/sports/national/story/2023-09-22/machados-2-home-runs-carry-the-padres-to-a-4-2-win-against-the-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
