Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Rocker set to make history as first MLB player of Indian descent to debut
Share
Rocker set to make history as first MLB player of Indian descent to debut
September 12th, 2024

Thomas Harrigan

@HarriganMLB
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

When Rangers right-hander Kumar Rocker takes the mound for his MLB debut against the Mariners in Seattle on Thursday at 8:40 p.m. CT, it will mark the culmination of a long journey for MLB Pipeline’s No. 95 overall prospect. It will also represent a significant moment in baseball history, with Rocker becoming the first player of Indian descent to appear in the Majors.

What to expect from Kumar Rocker

“It definitely means a lot to me," Rocker, the son of an Indian mother and Black father, told USA TODAY Sports. “I think it means more to my mom. She always let me know that I was Indian growing up, being half and half. And I think she’s going to be really happy about it."

Rocker’s mother Lalitha’s parents immigrated to the United States in 1965. The pitcher’s first name, which means “prince” or “young son” in Hindi, is a nod to his Indian heritage, as Lalitha, or Lu, explained to the Dallas Morning News after her son was selected third overall by the Rangers in the 2022 MLB Draft.

“When I had him, I said, ‘You know what? We’re going to give him an Indian first name so they know my half of the culture,'” Lu said.

Both Lu and Rocker’s father, Tracy -- a College Football Hall of Famer who played for Auburn and a former NFL player who now serves as the defensive line coach for the Tennessee Titans -- are among the family and friends expected to be in attendance in Seattle on Thursday for Rocker’s debut.

“Hopefully, I can give them a show to watch," Rocker said.

Related
Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Heim, Taveras avoid arbitration, agree to 2025 contracts

1:34 AM UTC

How Rangers fill closer role in 2025 still up in the air

January 8th, 2025

Early 2025 predictions for the Rangers

January 4th, 2025

From 16 to 26, here is the best prospect at each age

November 13th, 2024

What we learned from the Rangers' 2024 season

September 29th, 2024

Rocker’s debut will come more than three years after he threw his final college pitch for Vanderbilt. A highly touted Draft prospect, Rocker was initially selected by the Mets with the 10th overall pick in the 2021 MLB Draft. However, New York didn’t end up signing him after the 6-foot-5, 245-pound righty took his physical.

After undergoing right shoulder surgery in September 2021, Rocker signed with the Tri-City Valley Cats of the Frontier League in advance of the 2022 MLB Draft. Months later, the Rangers shocked the baseball world when they took Rocker with the third overall pick.

However, Rocker’s rise through Texas’ system was delayed when he needed to undergo Tommy John surgery in May 2023. Rocker returned to action this past July, and though he initially struggled, he earned his promotion to the big leagues with a dominant stretch that saw him record a 0.91 ERA with 47 strikeouts and four walks over 29 2/3 innings between Double-A and Triple-A.

Now, he's set to test his arsenal, which features an electric fastball and wipeout slider in addition to a curveball and changeup, against the highest level of baseball competition.

“Any time I get a new challenge in front of me," Rocker said, “I’m excited for it. Whether I conquer it immediately or it takes time, I’m always looking forward to the next one, especially in this game.’’

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Kumar Rocker

Thomas Harrigan is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/kumar-rocker-to-become-first-player-of-indian-descent-to-make-mlb-debut 
 ----- 
