Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Star Gets Robbed of Home Run in One of Best Defensive Plays of Season
After hitting a home run in the top of the seventh inning on Wednesday night, Fernando Tatis Jr. took one away too.
Brady Farkas | Sep 12, 2024
San Diego Padres right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. (23) loses a fly ball in the sun resulting in a double to San Francisco Giants center fielder Heliot Ramos (17) during the fourth inning at Petco Park on Sept 8. / Chadd Cady-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

Seattle Mariners fans weren't very happy with Fernando Tatis Jr. on Wednesday night.

The San Diego Padres star hit a home run in the top of the seventh inning at T-Mobile Park to break up the perfect game being thrown by M's starter Bryan Woo - and then he robbed a home run from M's outfielder Randy Arozarena in the bottom half.

This is undoubtedly one of the best catches of the baseball season, given the timing involved and the way in which Tatis Jr. went vertical. It's also impressive given that Tatis Jr. just recently came back off the injured list from a serious leg injury, but he showed no ill-affects from it on this play.

Luckily, he didn't spoil the entire party for the Mariners as the M's won 5-2 to move to 74-72 on the season. Cal Raleigh had an RBI single while Luke Raley brought in two, as did JP Crawford. Woo threw 6.2 brilliant innings to move to 8-2 on the year.

The M's are now 3.5 games back of the Houston Astros in the American League West entering play on Thursday. They'll take on the Texas Rangers for a new series beginning at T-Mobile Park with first pitch coming at 6:40 p.m. PT.

The Rangers will send former first-round pick and top prospect Kumar Rocker to the mound against M's second-year pitcher Bryce Miller. Miller enters the game at 11-8 for the season. Rocker will be on a pitch count, as he's continuing his build up in a return from Tommy John surgery.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas talks about the M's getting back into the playoff race, the need to bring back Edgar Martinez in 2025 and the decision to bring Jerry Dipoto back. Furthermore, we talk with Teren Kowatsch, who spent the day with top prospects Laz Montes, Colt Emerson and Michael Arroyo recently. CLICK HERE:

GET ROCK'D: Kumar Rocker, one of the top pitching prospects in all of baseball, will make his major league debut this week against the M's. CLICK HERE:

OH, EDGAR: The Mariners need to do everything they can to keep Edgar Martinez as hitting coach in 2025, according to Brady Farkas. CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Sep 12, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-star-randy-arozarena-gets-robbed-of-home-run-in-one-of-best-defensive-plays-of-season-by-fernando-tatis-jr-of-san-diego-padres 
 ----- 
