MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
McCollum's 50 points helps the Pelicans snap an 11-game skid with a 132-120 win over the Wizards
Updated Jan. 3, 2025 10:54 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — CJ McCollum highlighted a career high-tying 50 points with 10 3-pointers, and the New Orleans Pelicans snapped an 11-game losing streak with a 132-120 victory over the Washington Wizards on Friday night.

Trey Murphy scored 17 and rookie center Yves Missi had 12 point and 11 rebounds for New Orleans, which won for just the second time in 22 games.

The Pelicans have the NBA's worst record at 6-29, but now share with Washington (6-26) the dubious distinction of having the fewest victories in the league.

New Orleans was playing at home for the first time since a deadly New Year’s Day attack in the French Quarter, and a moment of silence was held before tipoff.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Jordan Poole scored 24 points for the Wizards but was affected by a hard fall under the basket with 4:38 left in the third quarter. He scored just five more points after the fall, which sent him to the locker room briefly for treatment for lower back soreness.

Rookie center Alexandre Sarr scored 19 for Washington.

Takeaways

Wizards: The Wizards scored a season-high 72 points in the paint, only to have it virtually negated by shaky outside shooting and porous defense that allowed New Orleans a season high in points.

Pelicans: New Orleans benefitted from the return from injury (right hamstring strain) of reserve guard Jose Alvarado, who contributed 5 points, 3 assists and 3 steals in 20 minutes after missing 23 games.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
NFL Wild Card Parlay: Our experts make the picks and prop bets to win the weekend
Feel like placing some bets on Wild Card Weekend? Check out a parlay that the FOX Sports betting analysts put together ahead of the action.
Key Moment

McCollum had his toe on the 3-point line when he hit a 21-foot jumper to give New Orleans a 128-111 lead. It was initially ruled a 3, which would have given him a career high in points and tied his franchise high of 11 made 3s. But it was reduced to a 2-point shot on video review.

Key stat

The Pelicans tied a season high with 18 made 3s, going 18 of 41.

Up next

The Pelicans visit the Wizards on Sunday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Washington Wizards
CJ McCollum
New Orleans Pelicans
National Basketball Association
Jose Alvarado
Jordan Poole
Trey Murphy
CJ McCollum
New Orleans Pelicans
Washington Wizards
NBA - Washington Wizards vs. New Orleans Pelicans - 01/04/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/mccollums-50-points-helps-the-pelicans-snap-an-11game-skid-with-a-132120-win-over-the-wizards 
 ----- 
