We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Login or register
 MATCHES
 NEWS
 EXPLORE
 COMPETITIONS
 TEAMS
 PLAYERS
 TRANSFERS
 FIND MATCH
 TELEVISED
 FAVOURITES
LANGUAGES
 EN
 ES
 FR
 IT
 PT
Asian Cup
Emiratos Árabes
Share
 
 
Palestine frustrated by 10-man UAE at Asian Cup
BeSoccer
11 months ago
581
|

Reading time: 2 minutes

UAE opened the scoring midway through the first half through Sultan Adil's header. AFP
Palestine kept their hopes of reaching the knockout stage at the Asian Cup alive despite being held 1-1 by 10-man United Arab Emirates on Thursday.
End
Group C. MD 2
Palestine
  1-1  
UAE
18 JAN 2024

A thrilling game in Qatar took place against the backdrop of the Israel-Hamas war in the Palestinian territory of Gaza. Some of the Palestinian players have lost loved ones or have family trapped in Gaza, and the team have been forced to train and play matches overseas. A brief moment's silence was held before kick-off.

Most of the crowd of over 40,000 in Doha roared their support for Palestine, but the UAE opened the scoring midway through the first half through Sultan Adil's header. Palestine were awarded a penalty and UAE defender Khalifa Al-Hammadi was sent off in the 37th minute, but Tamer Seyam saw his spot kick saved by Khalid Eisa.

Palestine equalised five minutes into the second half when UAE defender Bader Nasser headed the ball into his own goal. But they could not go on to claim their first ever win at the Asian Cup, with Eisa denying them with a series of crucial saves. Palestine lost their opening game 4-1 to Iran, one of the tournament favourites. They play minnows Hong Kong in their final group match on Tuesday.

Eisa heroics

Palestine made a positive start amid a brief rain shower, but UAE burst their bubble with the opening goal in the 23rd minute. Ali Saleh swung in a cross from the right and Adil headed it past Palestine goalkeeper Rami Hamada. The goal seemed to suck the energy out of Palestine but they regrouped and won a penalty after a VAR check.

Hammadi was adjudged to have dragged down Oday Dabbagh in the box, and the replay also brought a red card for the UAE defender. But Seyam, who scored in Palestine's opening game against Iran, fluffed his lines from the spot, hitting his penalty too close to Eisa. Palestine pressed hard for an equaliser before the half-time whistle but Dabbagh's header onto the roof of the net was the closest they came.

They only had to wait five minutes after the break to draw level, when Nasser horribly misjudged a clearance and planted a diving header into his own net. Eisa scrambled away a goal-bound header from Mohammed Saleh on the hour as Palestine turned the screw. The goalkeeper was in inspired form, and UAE held off the Palestine attack for the rest of the game to claim a point. UAE beat Hong Kong 3-1 in their opening game.

 

January 18, 2024
Mentioned in the news story
Asian Cup
News
See page
Emiratos Árabes
News
See page
Palestina
News
See page
Copyright © 2014-2025 BeSoccer.com, Live Scores | Legal notices and Privacy
Play responsibly. 18+
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.besoccer.com/new/palestine-frustrated-by-10-man-uae-at-asian-cup-1298031 
 ----- 
