SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Foreign Minister Penny Wong pushes for Gaza ceasefire and two-state solution in first official trip to West Bank
By Middle East correspondent Allyson Horn

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Wed 17 Jan
Wednesday 17 January
Has Video Duration: 4 minutes 4 seconds.
Watch 4m 4s

Foreign minister meets with Palestinian leaders in West Bank.

abc.net.au/news/foreign-minister-penny-wong-west-bank-trip-gaza-ceasefire-calls/103361970
Link copied
Share article

Foreign Minister Penny Wong has made her first visit to the West Bank as Australia's top diplomat to urge peace among Israelis and Palestinians.

Key points:
The foreign minister met with Palestinian officials and local residents in the West Bank on her first trip there as Australia's top diplomat
It comes after she held talks with Israeli officials about the Gaza war on Tuesday
Her diplomatic tour of the Middle East ends with a visit to the United Arab Emirates on Thursday

Senator Wong travelled into the occupied territory for meetings with Palestinian officials and local residents, a day after talks with Israeli powerbrokers.

She told the Palestinian Prime Minister Mohammad Shtayyeh that Australia was lending its support to calls for a ceasefire in the Gaza war and a two-state solution.

"I am here to add our voice, Australia's voice, to advancing the cause of peace," Senator Wong said.

"I expressed Australia's support for a two-state solution in which Israelis and Palestinians can live in peace and dignity, and security."

The foreign minister told Palestinian Prime Minister Mohammad Shtayyeh that Australia was lending its support to calls for a ceasefire in Gaza. (ABC News: Haidarr Jones)

Senator Wong denied her calls for a ceasefire were inconsistent with Israel's right to fight against Hamas.

"We have been consistent in Israel having a right to self-defence," she said.

"What we've also said is how it conducts itself in the pressing of that … matters."

Senator Wong is half-way through a three-day Middle East tour across Jordan, Israel, the West Bank and the United Arab Emirates, as regional tensions escalate alongside the war in Gaza.

Arab countries surrounding Israel have condemned the war and human rights organisations say large numbers of Gazan civilians are facing a catastrophic humanitarian disaster of starvation, dehydration, and homelessness.

Penny Wong meets with Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki, after meeting Israel's foreign minister the previous day. (ABC News: Haidarr Jones)

Senator Wong said she spoke with both the Israeli and Palestinian foreign ministers about the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Gaza.

"I didn't just express my concerns," she said.

"What I have consistently sought to do is express the concerns that Australians have, that Australians are concerned with the loss of civilian life that is mounting. Australians are concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza which is dire.

"And that we want to see civilians protected, and we want to see humanitarian access."

Penny Wong tours a Holocaust museum in Jerusalem. (ABC News: Haidarr Jones)

It has been a decade since Senator Wong last visited the occupied Palestinian territories during a study tour.

To get into the territory, the foreign minister had to change into an armoured car at the Israeli-controlled border checkpoint from Jerusalem into the West Bank.

Australia cautions Israel over humanitarian concerns in Gaza
Photo shows A man and woman, both in suits, stand and speak to each other in front of a building and Australian and Israeli flags.

Foreign Minister Penny Wong says the funding will help provide emergency care and shelter in Gaza.

Senator Wong is the most senior Australian official to visit the Middle East since October 7, when Hamas militants launched a surprise attack on southern Israel.

She also met with Palestinian locals, including those who have been affected by an increase in settler violence in the West Bank since October 7.

But her visit hasn't contained any diplomatic surprises, with both Israeli and Palestinian officials welcoming the visit, describing Australia as a "good friend".

Senator Wong's whirlwind diplomatic tour across the Middle East will end on Thursday when she visits the United Arab Emirates.

Has Video Duration: 18 minutes 45 seconds.
Watch 18m

Is there a way out of this conflict? Ben Knight looks at the possible solutions to the crisis.

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Wed 17 Jan 2024 at 8:07pm
Wednesday 17 Jan 2024 at 8:07pm
Related stories

Topic:
World Politics

What are the one-state and two-state solutions for the Israel-Gaza war?
Photo shows Benjamin Netanyahu stands in front of two Israeli flags.

Topic:
World Politics

Australia cautions Israel over humanitarian concerns, announces $21.5m in support for Gaza
Photo shows A man and woman, both in suits, stand and speak to each other in front of a building and Australian and Israeli flags.

Analysis by Brett Worthington

Penny Wong never misses a microphone. She'll need that skill as she navigates the Middle East
Photo shows Penny Wong covers a microphone while speaking to a government official
Related topics

Australia

Federal Government

Foreign Affairs

Israel

Occupied Palestinian Territories

Unrest, Conflict and War

World Politics

Top Stories
New Orleans driver 'hell-bent' on carnage in terror attack, killing 15

Topic:
Crime

Photo shows A black flag on the ground rolled up behind a crashed pickup truck
New Orleans truck attacker was US citizen from Texas, Afghanistan veteran

Topic:
Explainer

What we know about the Cybertruck explosion in Las Vegas

Topic:
Explainer

Longtime allies Pakistan and the Taliban are now at each other's throats

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Surfer missing near Streaky Bay on SA's West Coast after reports of shark attack

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Just In
At least 37 people killed in Gaza strikes that Israel says targeted Hamas security official

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

3h ago
3 hours ago
Palestinian Authority suspends broadcaster Al Jazeera in West Bank

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

6h ago
6 hours ago
Surfer missing near Streaky Bay on SA's West Coast after reports of shark attack

Topic:
Shark Attacks

6h ago
6 hours ago
Police investigate after child dies in caravan fire in north-central Victoria

Topic:
Police

8h ago
8 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-01-18/foreign-minister-penny-wong-west-bank-trip-gaza-ceasefire-calls/103361970 
 ----- 
