HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Palestine vs United Arab Emirates: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 16, 2024 at 11:35 AM
Modified at :
January 16, 2024 at 11:35 AM

Samannay Sen

0
0
United Arab Emirates will look to overpower Palestine in this AFC Asian Cup encounter.

Palestine will lock horns with the United Arab Emirates in the AFC Asian Cup 2023 on January 18. Both teams come into this clash on the back of contrasting results. Palestine on one hand, suffered a heavy 4-1 defeat to Iran in their campaign opener. Meanwhile, UAE got the better of Hong Kong to mark a perfect start to their AFC Asian Cup campaign.

Kick-off:

Thursday, 18 January 2024 at 5:30 PM GMT

Location: Al Janoub Stadium (Al Wakrah)

Form

Palestine (in all competitions): D-L-L-D-L

United Arab Emirates (in all competitions): W-W-W-L-W

Players to Watch
Oday Dabbagh (Palestine)
Dabbagh will be Palestine’s key player in the UAE game. (Courtesy: AFC)

Over eight years since Oday Dabbagh’s commencement in professional football with his local team, Hilal Alquds, he has rapidly established himself as a prominent figure in Palestine’s football circuit. He performed well in their inaugural AFC Asian Cup 2023 outing against Iran. His prowess on the field makes him a formidable adversary, presenting a substantial challenge to the opposing team.

Ali Mabkhout (United Arab Emirates)
Mabkhout will aim to surpass Ali Daei in terms of goals in this AFC Asian Cup. (Courtesy: AFC)

Ranked as the third-highest scorer in the history of the AFC Asian Cup, Mabkhout stands on the brink of surpassing the iconic Ali Daei should he manage to score six goals this time around.

Noteworthy for his prolific goal-scoring abilities, Mabkhout boasts records for netting goals for his club Al-Jazira, and making a significant impact on the goal-scoring charts for the UAE national team. He will be a key player to watch in not only this fixture but the entire competition.

Match Facts
Palestine haven’t registered a win in their last seven games.
United Arab Emirates emerged victorious in the last meeting between these two sides.
When the United Arab Emirates lead 0-1 away, they win 100% of their matches.
Injury and Team News

There is no news of injury in both the camps and both managers will surely look to bring their best XI for this crucial clash.

Head-to-Head

Total Matches – 6

Palestine wins – 1

United Arab Emirates wins – 2

Draws – 3

Predicted Line-up
Palestine (4-3-3):

R. Hamadeh (GK), C. Saldana, Y. Hamad, M. Termanini, M. Battat, M. Abu Warda, M. Rashid, O. Kharoub, T. Seyam, S. Qumbor, Z. Qunbar

United Arab Emirates (4-3-3):

K. Eisa (GK), A. Idrees, B. Mohammad, K. Mubarak, Z. Sultan, Abdalla Ramadan, Y. Nader, T. Zaabi, C. Canedo, S. Adill, F. Lima

Match Prediction for Palestine vs United Arab Emirates

With a 70% likelihood of securing victory, the United Arab Emirates enter this match as the superior and more experienced team, boasting a more organized and cohesive line-up.

Prediction: Palestine 1-2 United Arab Emirates

Telecast for Palestine vs United Arab Emirates

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Arab Emirates – ADTV

Hong Kong, China – Hoy TV

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 C

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-palestine-vs-united-arab-emirates-preview 
 ----- 
