Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
MLB
Josh Hader is $95 million Astros disaster in Tigers’ AL Wild Card sweep
By Matt Ehalt
Published Oct. 3, 2024, 8:10 a.m. ET
73

The Astros didn’t get what they paid for.

Josh Hader, their $95 million closer, yielded the fatal bases-clearing double to pinch-hitter Andy Ibanez in a tie game in the eighth inning of Wednesday’s 5-2 Wild Card loss to the Tigers that clinched Detroit’s two-game sweep.

Hader surrendered one run on three hits and two walks over 1 1/3 innings, while also allowing both inherited runners to score to conclude the first season of his five-year pact.

4
Josh Hader reacts after allowing the go-ahead double.
Thomas Shea-Imagn Images

The southpaw posted a 3.80 ERA in the regular season.

“The one pitch got me. I made a mistake, and he took advantage of it,” Hader said, according to the Houston Chronicle. “It’s easy to say I could have thrown a different pitch, but if I execute that pitch, he swings and misses, so you just tip your cap to him. He did his job, and I did not do my job. It’s always one or the other.”

Houston shocked the baseball community this offseason when it gave Hader a five-year, $95 million pact since most teams avoid giving closers those types of deals due to the fickle nature of the position.

The Astros surely figured that Hader would be a postseason weapon, especially in this era where teams to go their bullpens usually quite early (see Hader’s former team, the Brewers).

4
Hader allowed one run in 1 1/3 innings Wednesday.
AP

Hader entered a 2-2 game Wednesday with men on first and second on after Ryan Pressly allowed the tying run to score on a wild pitch earlier in the frame.

In an ominous sign, Hader walked Spencer Torkelson on four pitches to load the bases. The Tigers then pinch-hit Ibanez, a righty.

Hader got ahead 1-2 against Ibanez but then made a huge mistake, throwing a 98-mph sinker middle-middle. Ibanez promptly roped a 105-mph double to left field that stayed fair to put the Tigers ahead, 5-2.

4
Pitch No. 5 was a costly mistake for Hader.
MLB.com

“I think as soon as I made the contact, I was just pushing for the ball to be fair,” Ibanez said. “Most importantly, I was pushing for the runners on the base to go, go, go, go, go.”

Hader returned for the ninth and pitched a scoreless inning while working around two singles and a walk, but it didn’t matter. The damage had already been done.

It’s fair to say Hader’s inaugural season in Houston could be considered a disappointing investment since he posted the second-worst ERA of his career and didn’t deliver when his team needed him the most.

4
The Tigers react after scoring against Hader.
AP
73

What do you think? Post a comment.

Hader tallied a 1.28 ERA for the Padres in 2023 before nearly tripling that figure this season, although he did register 34 saves.

“Obviously, start of the season, the end goal is World Series, right?” Hader said, per the Houston Chronicle. “Just proud of this team the way they went through this season, had a lot of downs and a lot of ups. It’s tough to lose. We’re competitors, and when you don’t win, that’s what hurts the most.

“At the end of the day, we can say that every single guy on this team did their best and put us in the best possible situation to win.”

FILED UNDER DETROIT TIGERS  HOUSTON ASTROS  JOSH HADER  MLB PLAYOFFS  10/3/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
The Tragedy Of Katherine Heigl Is Just Heartbreaking
NickiSwift.com
Tiffany Trump Shouldn't Have Stepped Out In These Awful Outfits
GLAM.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Hallmark's Cameron Mathison Loses Everything In Tragic LA Fires
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/03/sports/josh-hader-is-95-million-astros-disaster-in-tigers-al-wild-card-sweep/ 
 ----- 
