Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
En vivo: Protestas en Venezuela
SPORTS
Houston Astros determined to bounce back after being swept by Detroit Tigers in AL Wild Card Series
1 of 3 |  

Houston Astros’ Alex Bregman sprints to first after hitting for a single against the Detroit Tigers in the second inning of Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

2 of 3 |  

Houston Astros’ Justin Verlander stands in the dugout at the start of Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game against the Detroit Tigers Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

3 of 3 |  

Houston Astros manager Joe Espada walks back to the dugout after making a pitching change int he sixth inning of Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game against the Detroit Tigers Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

BY  KRISTIE RIEKEN
Updated 9:03 PM UTC, October 3, 2024
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — For the first time since 2016, the Houston Astros failed to win a playoff game. And that’s not OK with general manager Dana Brown.

A day after the Astros were swept by the Detroit Tigers in their AL Wild Card Series, stopping a streak of seven straight trips to the AL Championship Series, Brown detailed his top priority for the offseason.

“First of all, one of the things we want to make sure we do is get back deep into the postseason,” he said Thursday. “That’s going to be our vision, that’s going to be our focus.”

When it comes to fulfilling that goal, “we’re not taking anything off the table,” he said.

The Astros, who won the World Series in 2017 and 2022, looked as if they might fall short of the playoffs altogether at the beginning of the season. They got off to a 7-19 start, falling 10 games behind Seattle in the AL West. But they finished with an 88-73 record and won their seventh division title in eight years, with the only exception coming in the pandemic-shortened 2020 season.

Manager Joe Espada, who was hired after Dusty Baker retired, was impressed with Houston’s resiliency this season.

RELATED STORIES
Houston Astros welcome 1B Christian Walker to team; say negotiations with Bregman stalled
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says

“A team gets tested and you see the character of your team,” he said. “Through adversity and the way we were tested early, I knew that this team was strong enough to make a push and get us into the postseason.”

Now they’ll look to return to the playoffs and make another long run next year. The first step could be re-signing star third baseman Alex Bregman. Represented by Scott Boras, the two-time All-Star is eligible for free agency and assuredly will command a hefty new paycheck.

Bregman has spent his entire nine-year career with Houston. He said after Wednesday’s loss to Detroit that he hopes to remain with the team. Second baseman Jose Altuve said he would be “heartbroken” if Bregman were to sign elsewhere.

“We will have some discussions with Boras and also with Bregman,” Brown said. “We’ve had some small talk, but ultimately, we will have some discussions. We know what he means to this organization.”

Houston also could look for an upgrade at first base. José Abreu was released with $20.8 million remaining on his contract after he hit .124 through June 13, and the Astros never found a consistent replacement at the position.

Though Brown repeated his “nothing is off the table” comment when asked if he’d try to add to the rotation, he believes the Astros will be a good spot in that area because of the improvement of their young pitchers this season.

Multiple injuries to Houston’s starters forced the Astros to insert Ronel Blanco and rookie Spencer Arrighetti into the rotation. Blanco threw a no-hitter in his season debut and was second on the team with 13 wins and a 2.80 ERA. Arrighetti made 28 starts and was selected AL Rookie of the Month for August after going 3-2 with a 1.95 ERA.

Hunter Brown, in his second MLB season, went 11-9 with a 3.49 ERA to help steady the rotation during a year when three-time Cy Young Award winner Justin Verlander made just 17 starts due to injuries.

Dana Brown said Thursday that right-hander Cristian Javier, who had Tommy John surgery in June, is recovering well and they expect him to be ready to pitch by the end of July. Brown called Javier a “pillar” of the rotation after the 27-year-old started 56 games combined in the previous two seasons before this year’s injury limited him to just seven starts.

The development of Houston’s young pitchers combined with the expected return of Javier, José Urquidy and Luis Garcia next season makes it unlikely that the Astros will re-sign Verlander or veteran left-hander Yusei Kikuchi.

The 41-year-old Verlander appears to be headed to free agency after failing to pitch the 140 innings he needed to trigger a $35 million player option on his contract. He didn’t make the playoff roster after struggling in his return following a two-month stint on the injured list with a neck injury.

“Justin Verlander has been outstanding in this organization and is a big part of the winning culture in this organization and ultimately it sounds like he wants to come back,” Brown said. “But we’re going to have some discussions with our front office and coach Joe and his staff as to what’s the best thing for the team and how should we go forward.”

He had a similar answer when asked about Kikuchi’s future with the team. He also is eligible for free agency after pitching well for the Astros down the stretch after a July trade from Toronto.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Filipino Catholics pray for good health and peace in huge proce ssion venerating Jesus statue
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Traore, BYU Cougars host the Texas Tech Red Raiders
The 49ers fire special teams coordinator Brian Schneider, AP source says
Major Florida grower to end citrus operations after years of hurricanes and tree disease
Castroneves to attempt to qualif y for Daytona 500, would be...
Four-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves will attempt to make his...
AP News
South Korean anti-corruption agency receives new court war...
South Korea’s anti-corruption agency says it has received a new court warrant to...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitor ing: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply Sign Up For A Free...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro
Advertisement:
Read More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Mavericks guard Kyrie Irving out due to bulging disk in his back,...
Dallas guard Kyrie Irving is expected to miss one to two weeks with a bulging dis...
AP News
Kansas' top elections official is running for governor after pus...
The top elections official in Kansas is running for governor after building his...
AP News
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
This Winter Hat is Sweeping Nevada
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
A seaplane crashes off an Austra lian tourist island, killing 3 and...
A seaplane crashed during takeoff from an Australian tourist island, killing three...
AP News
Trump meets with Republicans on Capitol Hill as GOP struggle...
President-elect Donald Trump emerged from a lengthy Capitol Hill meeting with...
AP News
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Address (Take a...
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-bregman-verlander-012144f2953398003792737a7f4c7cec 
 ----- 
