Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
AL Central in the postseason: Series sweeps by Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers, who next face the Cleveland Guardians
Tigers’ Will Vest and Jake Rogers celebrate after defeating the Astros 5-2 at Minute Maid Park on Oct. 02, 2024. (Photo by Alex Slitz/Getty Images)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: October 4, 2024 at 8:29 AM CST

The American League Central has three teams still alive in the postseason.

The Detroit Tigers swept the Houston Astros to set up a series against the division champion Cleveland Guardians in a best-of-five AL Division Series. Game 1 is on Saturday.

The Kansas City Royals, who endured two seven-game losing streaks over the final month of the regular season, swept the Baltimore Orioles to advance to face the AL East champion New York Yankees. Game 1 is Saturday in the Bronx.

Detroit Tigers 5, Houston Astros 2

HOUSTON — Manager A.J. Hinch wanted his Detroit Tigers to embody their home city. Hard-working with a never-give-up attitude, but most of all a team that had grit.

That’s how they stormed into October — and just kept going.

Andy Ibáñez hit a tiebreaking three-run double in Detroit’s four-run eighth inning, and the Tigers swept the Houston Astros with a 5-2 victory in Game 2 of their AL Wild Card Series on Wednesday.

“Our city is built on grit,” a jubilant Hinch said in a prosecco-soaked clubhouse. “That’s what it is. I remember saying that I wanted to have a team that this city is proud of. I think the city is pretty proud of what we’re doing and how we’re doing it and the fight that this team shows.”

Parker Meadows homered as Detroit ended Houston’s run of seven consecutive appearances in the AL Championship Series. It was a sweet moment for Hinch, who led Houston to a championship in 2017 and was fired in the aftermath of the Astros’ sign-stealing scandal.

“This is what you play for,” he said. “Baseball’s great.”

Next up for the wild-card Tigers is a trip to Cleveland to take on the AL Central champions in a best-of-five AL Division Series. Game 1 is on Saturday.

“Regardless that nobody was rooting for us, regardless that nobody was putting us in the playoffs in a good spot, we didn’t care,” Ibáñez said. “We just put in hard work … to make the results come.”

Kerry Carpenter sparked Detroit’s eighth-inning rally with a one-out single off Ryan Pressly (0-1), who converted his first 14 postseason save opportunities. Carpenter advanced to third on a single by Matt Vierling and scored on a wild pitch, tying it at 2.

Pressly departed after Colt Keith reached on a two-out walk, and closer Josh Hader walked Spencer Torkelson to load the bases.

Hinch then sent Ibáñez up to hit for Zach McKinstry, and he lined a 1-2 sinker into the corner in left for a 5-2 lead.

Ibáñez hadn’t driven in a run since Sept. 10. He hit just .167 in September.

“He’s had a tough stretch,” Hinch said. “But his season restarts in October, and he’s showing that.”

Vierling, Keith and Torkelson jumped around and high-fived in celebration after scoring on Ibáñez’s clutch swing. Ibáñez raised his arms high above his head and smiled as he reached second.

Hader, who signed a $95 million, five-year contract with Houston in January, allowed three hits and walked two in 1 1/3 innings.

Detroit used seven different pitchers a day after pitching Triple Crown winner Tarik Skubal got the win in the series opener. Sean Guenther pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win in Game 2, and Will Vest handled the ninth for the save.

In the postseason for the first time since 2014, Detroit also got a solo home run from Meadows in the sixth to help the franchise to its first playoff series win since the 2013 ALDS.

Just making it to the playoffs seemed improbable before Detroit went 31-13 down the stretch in the regular season, helped along by the leadership of Hinch — who knows a little something about October success from his time with the Astros.

“They did everything right to win the series,” Houston second baseman Jose Altuve said.

Eight of the first nine Wild Card Series since they began in 2002 have been sweeps. It’s the fourth sweep in postseason history for the Tigers, who previously swept the AL Championship Series in 1984, 2006 and 2012.

The Astros jumped in front in the seventh, but they lost their seventh straight postseason game at home. Houston’s ALCS streak included four World Series appearances and two titles.

“It’s tough,” manager Joe Espada said. “But I want our guys to be proud of how far we’ve come. It was a very challenging season, and we reached the postseason — that’s our goal every year. We win the division, and then play deep into the playoffs. It didn’t happen for us this year, but I want our guys to be proud of their resiliency and how tough this season was.”

Kansas City Royals 2, Baltimore Orioles 1
Royals’ Bobby Witt Jr. celebrates in the locker room after defeating the Orioles in the wild-card series at Oriole Park at Camden Yards on Oct. 02, 2024. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)

BALTIMORE — Bobby Witt Jr. beat out an infield single to drive in the go-ahead run and send the Kansas City Royals into an AL Division Series with a 2-1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday for a two-game sweep of their Wild Card Series.

With two outs and runners at the corners in sixth inning, Witt hit a grounder to the edge of the dirt behind second base, where Jordan Westburg made a diving stop and throw to first. Witt was already there after zooming 90 feet in 4.14 seconds, allowing Kyle Isbel to score from third.

“I just had to try to run,” Witt said.

It was the second consecutive game in which the AL batting champion provided the decisive hit. Witt’s RBI single in Tuesday’s series opener plated the only run in a 1-0 victory.

“You never know when this opportunity ever is going to happen again, so got to make the most of it while you have it,” Witt said. “That’s the fun part of this game. This is why we do it, these situations here.”

Kansas City, which endured two seven-game losing streaks over the final month of the season, advanced to face the AL East champion New York Yankees. Game 1 is Saturday in the Bronx.

Cedric Mullins homered for the Orioles, who fell to 0-5 during two quick playoff exits the past two years. Baltimore has dropped its last 10 postseason games.

The new-look Royals lost 106 games last season but used a 30-win improvement to get back to October for the first time since winning the 2015 World Series.

Second baseman Michael Massey, who led off the game with a double and scored on a single by Vinnie Pasquantino, said the front office bringing in experienced veterans with playoff experience like Tommy Pham, Yuli Gurriel, Michael Wacha and Will Smith made this possible.

“They’ve been there before, they’ve done it, so I think it’s helped a lot of guys,” Massey said. “It’s helped us, for sure me, to be around those guys and just watch them, more than anything, and see how they go about their business, has been — I think that’s helped us stay even keel.”

The Royals left 12 runners on base and got through another close game with a razor-thin margin for error thanks to some masterful managing by Matt Quatraro, himself a postseason rookie like Witt, Game 1 winner Cole Ragans and so many others.

Quatraro let starter Seth Lugo get an out after loading the bases with nobody out in the fifth before spinning up bullpen roulette, starting with winning pitcher Angel Zerpa, who got KC out of that jam and then got the first out of the sixth. John Schreiber got three more outs, Sam Long two, Kris Bubic three and Lucas Erceg the final three to earn his second save of the series.

“It’s so impressive that they believe in themselves and they trust their stuff and they just come after some of the best hitters in the world,” Quatraro said.

Cionel Pérez took the loss.

The Orioles were swept in their only playoff series for a second consecutive year, going 1 for 13 with runners in scoring position this time and 5 for 32 combined. They face numerous offseason questions, from the future of manager Brandon Hyde to the possibility of losing pending free-agent starter Corbin Burnes.

“Especially when you lose like this, there’s frustration, there’s anger, there’s disappointment because you felt like there was opportunities there in those couple games to change the score, and it didn’t happen,” Hyde said.

Originally Published: October 3, 2024 at 9:49 AM CST
Around the Web
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Easy Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Chicago Bears Q&A: Has the dynamic shifted? Should there be confidence they’ll get the coach right this time?
Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Today in Chicago History: ‘McCaskey, you’re a bum!’ The coin flip that cost the Chicago Bears Terry Bradshaw.
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Chicago couple first to sue ex-Sgt. Ronald Watts in line for $7.5M settlement
San Diego Padres not going anywhere, Matt Seidler says in response to sister-in-law’s lawsuit
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
Bird flu: Here’s what Illinois residents should know, following the first US death from the virus
Leo Segedin, artist whose magic realism often depicted his West Side youth, dies at 97
Freshman Terrence Davis Jr. longed for this moment at Libertyville. ‘Definitely a privilege.’ Wildcats value it too.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
San Diego Padres not going anywhere, Matt Seidler says in response to sister-in-law’s lawsuit
Widow of late San Diego Padres chairman sues 2 of her husband’s brothers over control of team
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
2024
October
3
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/10/03/al-central-mlb-postseason/ 
 ----- 
