CLOSE
Weather
33°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Live updates: It’s snowing in D-FW! Winter storm weather, impacts to continue overnight
1,600 flights canceled at DFW Airport, Dallas Love Field as snow, and sleet arrive
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Live radar: Watch as snow, sleet, freezing rain drop over Dallas-Fort Worth area
Use this map to track North Texas power outages during winter storm
Jimmy Carter remembered at Washington funeral before his return to Georgia
Start time for Mavericks-Trail Blazers changed due to winter weather in North Texas
These Dallas restaurants are open during the winter weather and snow on Thursday
How Dallas nonprofits are bringing people inside, saving lives from icy weather
Cotton Bowl between Texas, Ohio St. on schedule despite wintry weather at AT&T Stadium
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Astros face uncertain future with Alex Bregman, Justin Verlander after early playoff exit
The AL West champions were swept by the Detroit Tigers in their Wild Card series on Wednesday.

By The Associated Press

Wire Service

Oct. 3, 2024
|
Updated 10:24 a.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Houston Astros third baseman Alex Bregman (2) scores off a single from Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez (44) against the Texas Rangers in the first inning of play in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series on Thursday, Oct. 19, in Arlington.(Smiley N. Pool / Staff Photographer)

HOUSTON — Houston’s early playoff exit means Alex Bregman and Justin Verlander might have played their last games for the Astros.

The AL West champions were swept by the Detroit Tigers in their Wild Card series, losing 5-2 in Game 2 on Wednesday. Houston had made seven consecutive appearances in the AL Championship Series, winning two titles along the way.

Bregman and Verlander have been key performers for the Astros, but their future is uncertain after the team’s brief stay in October.

The 30-year-old Bregman is eligible for free agency after spending the last nine seasons as Houston’s third baseman. He was selected by the Astros with the No. 2 pick in the 2015 amateur draft.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

The 41-year-old Verlander also appears to be going to free agency after failing to pitch the 140 innings he needed to trigger a $35 million player option on his contract.

An emotional Bregman said after the game that he hadn’t had a chance to process the loss, much less think about his future.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I was planning on being here tomorrow,” he said. “So, I’ll just let Scott (agent Scott Boras) and them handle that this offseason. I haven’t even really thought about it.”

Bregman is a two-time All-Star, and he won a Silver Slugger Award in 2019. He hit .260 with 26 homers and 75 RBIs this season.

While trying his best not to look ahead Wednesday, he did take a moment to look back on his career with the Astros.

“I came here when I was 21 years old,” he said. “I made my debut against the Yankees and have been to the ALCS every year except for this one. It’s been a fun time and I cherish every second of it. And it’s been an honor to be here and I definitely don’t take it for granted.”

ADVERTISEMENT

When pressed about his future, he said he hopes to return. Teammate Jose Altuve was much more aggressive about his desire for Bregman to remain with the team.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I’m pretty confident that he’s going to be our third baseman next year,” Altuve said. “We have to have him. We’re not going to be the same organization without him. In my mind, there’s not a chance that this is the last game.”

Altuve said he would talk to team owner Jim Crane about re-signing Bregman. In the last few years, Altuve has watched longtime teammates George Springer and Carlos Correa leave when they hit free agency.

Altuve said he would be “heartbroken” if Bregman departed.

As for Verlander, the pitcher is unlikely to return to a team that is well-stocked with young starters. The three-time Cy Young Award winner struggled with injuries this season, going 5-6 with a 5.48 ERA in 17 starts.

ADVERTISEMENT

He missed two months this summer with a neck injury and said he never felt quite right after his return. He had a 9.26 ERA in five starts in September and was left off the postseason roster.

“Kind of a weird injury in the neck and tried as best I could to get out there and be an asset to help this team in October,” he said. “But wasn’t able to do it, obviously wasn’t pitching well enough to be part of this series.”

ADVERTISEMENT

But the right-hander believes he “has a lot more to give” next season and beyond.

“I definitely feel like I want to continue to pitch and compete and I’m not ready to step away yet,” he said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Verlander reflected on his time with the Astros, which included helping the team to World Series titles in 2017 and 2022. This was his second stint with Houston after returning in a trade with the New York Mets last July.

“There’s a lot of moments that stick out, there’s some great ones in there as well,” he said. “But just more, I think the vibe is something that sticks out to me here. Just in the locker room and outside of it.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Texas Rangers agree to contract with OF Leody Taveras, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
Former Texas Rangers top catching prospect Sam Huff claimed by San Francisco Giants

Find more MLB coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By The Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: It’s snowing in D-FW! Winter storm weather, impacts to continue overnight
2
1,600 flights canceled at DFW Airport, Dallas Love Field as snow, and sleet arrive
3
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
4
These Dallas restaurants are open during the winter weather and snow on Thursday
5
Cotton Bowl between Texas, Ohio St. on schedule despite wintry weather at AT&T Stadium
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/10/03/astros-face-uncertain-future-with-alex-bregman-justin-verlander-after-early-playoff-exit/ 
 ----- 
