Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Nats rally past Mets in 9th inning
New York Mets’ Brandon Nimmo returns to the dugout after striking out swinging on a pitch by Washington Nationals starting pitcher Joan Adon during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 6, 2023, in Washington. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 7, 2023 at 7:59 AM EDT

WASHINGTON — Jacob Young’s 11th major league game ended with his Washington Nationals teammates mobbing him after he rounded first base, ripping his jersey and pouring a bucket of icy Gatorade onto his head.

Young grounded a game-ending single through a drawn-in infield, and the Nationals rallied past the New York Mets 3-2 on Wednesday night to end a six-game skid.

“Right when I hit it, I kind of saw where I hit it, and it was a good spot,” Young said. “It felt great to kind of look in the dugout and everyone was already coming out. It’s a great feeling to have all your boys running out after you.”

Carter Kieboom opened the ninth with a four-pitch walk against Phil Bickford (4-5), who then hit Jake Alu with an 0-2 pitch. Ildemaro Vargas laid down a sacrifice bunt to set up Young’s walk-off hit.

Young went 2 for 4 with a ground-rule double and has an eight-game hitting streak. The 24-year-old, drafted in the seventh round in 2021 out of the University of Florida, has impressed teammates with his hitting, baserunning and outfield defense since he was promoted from Triple-A last month.

“He plays hard and aggressive, and he’s fast. Plays a lot with our style of play. I like it a lot,” shortstop CJ Abrams said.

Kyle Finnegan (7-4) retired the side in the ninth for the last-place Nationals, who moved within 1 1/2 games of the underachieving Mets in the NL East. Washington split this two-game set and concluded the season series against New York with a 6-7 record.

The Mets led 2-0 through six innings behind José Butto, whose fourth major league start was by far his best. He departed with two men on and one out in the seventh, but reliever Trevor Gott allowed both inherited runners to score. Pinch-hitter Vargas lined Gott’s first pitch to right for an RBI single, and Abrams tied it with his two-out single.

Butto was recalled from Triple-A Syracuse last week and slid into the rotation spot vacated by veteran Carlos Carrasco, who broke his right pinky in a weightlifting mishap. After he struck out Travis Blankenhorn to end a perfect sixth, he pumped his fist as he strode off the mound.

The 25-year-old right-hander was charged with two runs on six hits. He walked one and struck out six while pitching more than five innings for the first time.

“He stayed in attack mode. We were real proud of him,” manager Buck Showalter said. “That was as much as you could expect him to do.”

Fans at Nationals Park could hardly expect a pitcher’s duel with two unproven starters and a game-time temperature of 97 degrees Fahrenheit. But Joan Adon kept Washington in the game for his five innings.

Adon wanted no part of Pete Alonso, walking the Mets slugger three times, including two intentionally after falling behind in the count. Adon threw nine pitches to Alonso, none for strikes.

The Mets had baserunners in every inning against Adon but only scored twice. Brandon Nimmo led off the game with a double and scored on Francisco Lindor’s single. New York made it 2-0 in the fifth when Lindor led off with a double and scored on a two-out single by Mark Vientos.

INJURY

Nationals pinch-hitter Riley Adams shook his left hand in pain after a foul popup in the eighth and was replaced by Michael Chavis on a 1-2 count. Chavis swung and missed to conclude the at-bat, with the strikeout charged to Adams. Manager Dave Martinez said Adams would get an MRI on Thursday.

ACCOMPLISHED THIEF

Abrams stole two bases to reach 40 for the season, currently fourth in the majors.

“I think there’s more in the tank,” Martinez said.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: RHP Edwin Díaz (torn right patellar tendon) threw breaking balls for the first time in his latest bullpen.

Nationals: OF Lane Thomas (sore back) was out of the lineup for a second straight night but is expected to be available Friday. An MRI revealed only inflammation, Martinez said.

UP NEXT

Mets: Begin a three-game series at AL Central-leading Minnesota on Friday, with Kodai Senga (10-7, 3.08 ERA) scheduled to face the Twins’ Dallas Keuchel (1-1, 5.06).

Nationals: Host the NL West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers for a three-game series starting Friday. MacKenzie Gore (7-10, 4.28) is set to make his first start for Washington since Aug. 29 after a stint on the bereavement list.

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Specially Designed Nail Clipper for Aging Adults! Compact and Durable
viveala
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
71-year-old Grandma Shocked Doctors: Forget About Metformin, Try This!
Sugar Defender
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
A Bra for Women That is Popular All over the World
Dotmalls
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
With This Trick Your Hair Will Grow Back in 5 Days!
Moerie
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
North Charleston: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
When Neuropathy Hits, Try This (It's Genius!)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Nancy Mckeon Steps out With Her New Partner and Fans Are Stunned
rankupwards
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
tardive
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
15 Breakfast Foods You Should Stop Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
Wrap Foil Around Your Doorknob When You Are Alone, Here's Why
Daily Living Tech
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Caitlin Clark And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
vetob
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
Warning Signals That You Have Myelodysplasia Syndrome! (Learn More)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Three Banks in North Charleston May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Check It Out!
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Juan Sanchez leads Trenton High boys basketball past Timber Creek
Juan Sanchez leads Trenton High boys basketball past Timber Creek
Deana Hu’s shooting helps WW-P South pull away from WW-P North
Deana Hu’s shooting helps WW-P South pull away from WW-P North
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Robbinsville wrestling goes 1-2 in quad meet at Northern Burlington
Robbinsville wrestling goes 1-2 in quad meet at Northern Burlington
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2023
September
7
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2023/09/07/nats-rally-past-mets-in-9th-inning/ 
 ----- 
