Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Pistons Punch Wizards in Face
The Washington Wizards couldn't get past the Detroit Pistons.
Jeremy Brener | Nov 18, 2024
Nov 17, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma (33) drives to the basket as Detroit Pistons forward Simone Fontecchio (19) defends in the second half at Capital One Arena. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-Imagn Images / Geoff Burke-Imagn Images
In this story:
Washington Wizards

The Washington Wizards are still in the loss column after dropping their eighth consecutive game with a 124-104 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night at Capital One Arena.

Despite returning home after a five-game road trip, the Wizards' fortunes didn't improve by playing in front of their fans. Instead, it exposed another big issue that the team has faced throughout the season.

“They hit a lot of shots down the stretch,” Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma said postgame. “They did a good job of just being physical with us and that's kind of our one of our bigger problems. When we play a physical team they kind of just punch us in the face and we don't really react to it.”

The Wizards were praised for their physicality earlier in the season by Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green, but it appears that it has faded over time. Perhaps the losing that the Wizards have gone through over the past few weeks have contributed to the lack of physicality that they bring game in and game out. On top of that, the tight windows in between games is something that the young Wizards are learning about as the season rolls along.

Bumping up the physicality won't solve all of the Wizards' problems, but it could make these games more competitive. Not only have the Wizards lost eight straight games, but all of them have been by at least nine points or more, so they have to take it upon themselves to show a little more pride and that could get the ball rolling back in the right direction.

The Wizards have a quick turnaround as they are back in action tonight against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Tipoff is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. ET.

Make sure you bookmark Washington Wizards on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

Should Wizards Trade Jordan Poole?
Wizards Preview: Opportunity Arrives With Knicks Struggles
Wizards Must Prioritize Youth Movement
Wizards' Kyle Kuzma Has Inefficient Night vs. Hawks
Wizards Could See Fast Track to All-Star Game
Published Nov 18, 2024
JEREMY BRENER

Jeremy Brener is an editor, writer and social media manager for several Fan Nation websites. His work has also been featured in 247 Sports and SB Nation as a writer and podcaster. Brener has been with Fan Nation since 2021. Brener grew up in Houston, going to Astros, Rockets and Texans games as a kid. He moved to Orlando in 2016 to go to college and pursue a degree. He hosts "The Dream Take" podcast covering the Rockets, which has produced over 350 episodes since March 2020. Brener graduated in May 2020 from the University of Central Florida with a Bachelor's degree in Broadcast Journalism minoring in Sport Business Management. While at UCF, Brener worked for the school's newspaper NSM.today and "Hitting the Field," a student-run sports talk show and network. He was the executive producer for "Hitting the Field" from 2019-20. During his professional career, Brener has covered a number of major sporting events including the Pro Bowl, March Madness and several NBA and NFL games. As a fan, Brener has been to the 2005 World Series, 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 NCAA National Championship between the Villanova Wildcats and North Carolina Tar Heels. Now, Brener still resides in the Central Florida area and enjoys writing, watching TV, hanging out with friends and going to the gym. Brener can be followed on Twitter @JeremyBrener. For more inquiries, please email jeremybrenerchs@gmail.com.

Follow JeremyBrener

Home
/
Washington Wizards News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/wizards/washington-wizards-news/detroit-pistons-punch-washington-wizards-face 
 ----- 
