Search
EN 
user
GRAZIA delivered to your inbox
  
PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT GRAZIA
opener
FASHION PARIS 2024 OLYMPICS
By Ava Gilchrist
GOLDEN HOUR: THE AUSTRALIAN MEDAL WINS AND HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE 2024 PARIS OLYMPICS
These athletes have the Midas touch
PARIS, FRANCE – JULY 28: Gold Medalist Jessica Fox on the podium during the Canoe Slalom medal ceremony after the Women’s Kayak Single Final on day two of the 2024 Paris Olympics at Vaires-Sur-Marne Nautical Stadium on July 28, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images)

The 2024 Paris Olympics set the bar high for show-stopping performances when Céline Dion emotionally returned to the stage during the opening ceremony. From the platform of the Eiffel Tower and dressed in custom Dior designed by Maria Grazia Chuiri, the French capital proved this year’s summer games would be a display of strength, resilience, might and grit.

Of course, when you have one of the world’s greatest female singers to embody this, it is only a given that the female athletes in competition would rise to the occasion.

On the home front, Australian cyclist Grace Brown cut past the historic Hotel des Invalides and gilded Pont Alexandre III to snatch our first gold medal (and Chaumet, no less!) in the games during the individual time trial. Later in the pool of the La Défense Arena, 23-year-old Ariarne Titmus led a heroic effort as she won gold and defended her 400-meter freestyle title.

RELATED: CITY OF LIGHTS: ALL THE STARS SHIMMERING AT THE 2024 PARIS OLYMPICS

Elsewhere, the likes of Emma McKeon and Mollie O’Callaghan took another gold medal and set a new Olympic record after winning the women’s 4x100m freestyle relay. (This feat prompted McKeon to become Australia’s most decorated Olympian, too.) In another body of water, Jess Fox dominated the rapids to earn her second gold for the kayak slalom.

Now, as the City of Lights hands the Olympic flag over to the City of Angeles in anticipation of the 2028 Los Angeles Games, revisit every Olympic highlight and major Australian medal win from the 2024 Paris Games below.

The Australian Medal Wins And Highlights From The 2024 Paris Olympics

DAY 16

The Opals Pry For Bronze In A Shoot-Out Style match Against Belgium

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 11: Bronze medalist Team Australia pose for a photo during the Women’s basketball medal ceremony on day sixteen of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Bercy Arena on August 11, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)

The Australian women’s basketball team, the Opals, snatched a podium position on one of the final days of the competition. Led by 24-year-old Ezi Magbegor, who single-handedly scored 30 of the team’s 85 points, the Opals defeated Belgium 85-81. Captain Lauren Jackson, 43, took home her fifth Olympic medal with the team having made her debut in the 1996 Atlanta games.

DAY 15

Jessica Hull Snatches Second In Women’s 1500m

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 10: Silver medalist Jessica Hull of Team Australia celebrates following the Women’s 1500m Final on day fifteen of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 10, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Andy Cheung/Getty Images)

Jessica Hull, 27, had a victory lap in the Stade de France after winning in the Women’s 1500m. She was 0.05 seconds faster than Britain’s Georgia Bell, who placed third behind her, taking home the medal in a personal best time of 3:52.56. First place was rightfully awarded to Kenya’s all-time great Faith Kipyegon with a time that eclipsed the old Olympic Record. Hull became Australia’s first woman and just fourth-ever athlete to win an Olympic 1500m medal. Hull (3:52.56) finished just behind

The Undefeated Stingers Lost To Spain In Olympic Water Polo Decider

Podium Ceremony Team photo Second team of Australia with Silver Medal during the Water polo Women’s Gold Medal match between Australia and Spain on Day 15 of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Paris La Defense Arena on August 10, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Marcel ter Bals/DeFodi Images/DeFodi via Getty Images)

After being unbeaten in the entire tournament, the Australian women’s water polo team, the Stingers, were narrowly defeated by Spain in the nail-biting podium position determiner. After trailing 6-3 in the third quarter of the match, the team eventually came back but were still down by two points in the 11-9 final score.

DAY 14

Maddison Keeney Springs Into Second Place In The Women’s 3m Springboard Diving

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 09: Silver Medalist, Maddison Keeney of Team Australia poses with her medal after the Diving medal ceremony after the Women’s 3m Springboard Final on day fourteen of the Olympics Paris 2024 at Aquatics Centre on August 09, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Adam Pretty/Getty Images)

A meeting with Michelle Yeoh ahead of her final dive might’ve helped calm Western Australia’s Maddison Keeney as she took the 3m springboard for one final leap. The winner of a springboard synchro bronze in 2016 took home her first individual medal with her silver-worthy performance. An injury prompted Keeney to sit out of the 2020 Tokyo Games, making this medal an even more heartfelt moment.

Raygun Goes Viral

Raygun competes during the Breaking B-Girls Round Robin Group B battle between Logistx and Raygun on Day 14 of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at La Concorde on August 9, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Harry Langer/DeFodi Images via Getty Images)

Rachel Gunn, 36, known as ‘Raygun’, set the internet alight with a ‘creative’ performance in the inaugural breaking match. Earning comparisons to Australian fictional icons like Kath & Kim and the fictional characters of Summer Heights High, Gunn’s interesting breakdancing moves failed to earn her a single point in any of her three battle rounds. Nevertheless, her display was joyous to watch, despite the sport being dumped from the  2028 Los Angeles games schedule. Gunn will continue her love for dance as a lecturer on the subject at Macquarie University in Sydney.

DAY 13

Australia’s First Female Boxing Medallist, Caitlin Parker, Took Home Bronze In Women’s 75kg Boxing

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 10: Bronze medalist Caitlin Parker of Australia celebrate after the Women’s 75kg Final of the Boxing during the Paris 2024 Olympics Games at Roland-Garros Stadium on August 10, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo By Oscar J Barroso/Europa Press via Getty Images)

Caitlin Parker ended her Olympic campaign in a semi-final fight against China’s Li Qian—a match that earned her bronze in the women’s 75kg boxing. No Australian has ever won gold in the discipline, but this placement makes her Australia’s first female boxing medallist.

Moesha Johnson Made A Splash In The Siene With Silver Winning Women’s 10km Swimming Marathon Performance

Moesha Johnson of Australia shows the silver medal after competing in the marathon swimming 10km Women during the Paris 2024 Olympic Games at Pont Alexandre III. Paris (France), August 08th, 2024 (Photo by Deepbluemedia/Mondadori Portfolio via Getty Images)

After an expensive clean-up and subsequent investigation into the athletes’ safety, the River Seine was back in the spotlight on Day 13 of the Olympics. Australia’s Moesha Johnson, 26, claimed the second open-water gold of her career with a narrow loss to The Netherlands’s Sharon van Rouwendaal in the 10km Women’s Marathon swimming.

DAY 12

Nina Kennedy Landed Australia Its First-Ever Gold Medal In The Women’s Pole Vault

Paris , France – 7 August 2024; Nina Kennedy of Team Australia celebrates making a clearance during the women’s pole vault final at the Stade de France during the 2024 Paris Summer Olympic Games in Paris, France. (Photo By Sam Barnes/Sportsfile via Getty Images)

Earning Australia its 18th medal, Nina Kennedy, 27, made a career-defining leap as she cleared a height of 4.9m to snatch her first gold Olympic medal. It also marked Australia’s first gold medal in the sport and broke a 16-year dry spell.

21-Year-Old Keegan Palmer Leads Australia To A Sweep In The Skateboarding Park Division After Gold Medal Win

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 7: Keegan Palmer of Team Australia in action during the Men’s Park Final on day twelve of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at the Place de la Concorde on August 7, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Tom Weller/VOIGT/GettyImages)

Keegan Palmer, who was raised in the Gold Coast by way of California, defended his gold medal from the 2020 Tokyo Olympics with a time of 93.11 in the men’s park division. Australia took home both top spots in the men’s and women’s games, with Palmer hot on the heels of fellow Queenslander Arisa Trew who won gold the day prior.

Australia Placed In The Marathon Race Walk Mixed Relay For The First Time Ever Thanks To Rhydian Cowley and Jemima Montag’s Bronze Medal Earning Time

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 07: Bronze medalists Jemima Montag (L) and Rhydian Cowley of Team Australia celebrate on the podium during the Marathon Race Walk Relay Mixed medal ceremony on day twelve of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 07, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images)

Australia earned its first medal in the Marathon Race Walk Mixed Relay after a bronze medal-winning performance by Jemima Montag and Rhydian Cowley. The duo carved their own slice of history in the inaugural Olympic race after walking a combined total distance of 42.195km in two hours, 51 minutes and 38 seconds.

Australia Now Has Olympic Footing In Discus After Matt Denny’s Third Place Performance

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 05: Matthew Denny of Team Australia competes during the Men’s Discus Throw Qualification on day ten of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 05, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)

The Paris Olympics has given Australia its best medal results ever, thanks in part to the first-ever podium spot in discus. Matt Denny took home bronze at the Stade de France, also marking Australia’s first-ever medal for the category.

DAY 11

14-Year-Old Arisa Trew Becomes Australia’s Youngest Gold Medalist 

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 06: Arisa Trew of Team Australia celebrates during the Women’s Park Final on day eleven of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Place de la Concorde on August 06, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

On the eleventh day of the Paris Olympics, Queensland-born Arisa Trew, 14 made history by becoming Australia’s youngest gold medalist after snatching home the top prize at the skateboarding park division. Trew beat a 68-year-old record held by swimmer Sandra Morgan, who was the former youngest medal winner when she competed at the Melbourne Games in 1956. Trew recorded a run of 93.18 at La Concorde in central Paris in the final, beating Japan’s Cocona Hiraki (92.63) Britain’s Sky Brown (92.31) who took home the silver and bronze, respectively. Trew’s feat has since made international news, with even skating legend Tony Hawk joining in on the fanfare to congratulate her “epic last run”.

DAY 10 

Noemie Fox Triumphs In A Tender Moment Shared With Big Sister Jessica Fox

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 5: Gold medalist and Olympic champion Noemie Fox of Team Australia poses with her medal during the Canoe Slalom Women’s Kayak Cross medal ceremony on day ten of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Vaires-Sur-Marne Nautical on August 5, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Kevin Voigt/GettyImages)

Following in her older sister’s footsteps, Noemie Fox, 27, takes home her first gold in kayak cross after Jessica was knocked out in an earlier final. The younger Fox stepped up to the task at hand and joined her decorated family in taking home an Olympic medal. Jessica was the first to congratulate her after the race, not even waiting until she was on land to celebrate with the first-time Olympian. See the sweet moment below.

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 05: Noemie Fox of Team Australia celebrates with her sister Jessica Fox after winning gold in the Canoe Slalom Women’s Kayak Cross Final on day ten of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Vaires-Sur-Marne Nautical Stadium on August 05, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Daniel Kopatsch/Getty Images)

Torrie Lewis Sets An Olympic PB

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 04: Torrie Lewis of Team Australia competes during the Women’s 200m Round 1 on day nine of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 04, 2024, in Paris, France. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)

Teenager Torrie Lewis—Australia’s fastest woman—knew all eyes would be on her given she beat American Sha’Carri Richardson at her debut 200m race at the Diamond League in China earlier this year. Stepping up to track, Lewis gave it her all with a personal best time of 22.89 in the heats. But when it came to the semi-finals, Lewis unfortunately failed to shift up a gear and ended her individual race campaign in seventh. At only 19 years old, Lewis’ career is only just getting started. Consider this the Olympics warm-up!

Nina Kennedy Reaches Great Heights

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 05: Nina Kennedy of Team Australia competes during Women’s Pole Vault Qualification on day ten of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 05, 2024, in Paris, France. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images)

Reigning world champion Nina Kennedy, 27, confirmed her spot in the pole vault final by clearing a height of 4.55m. With the final coming on Wednesday night, Kennedy may soar to Olympic gold after placing 12th in Tokyo.

DAY 9

The Australian Swim Team Makes One Last Splash

Paris , France – 4 August 2024; Team Australia swimmers Kaylee McKeown, Jenna Strauch, Emma McKeon and Mollie O’Callaghan celebrate winning the women’s 4x100m medley relay final at the Paris La Défense Arena during the 2024 Paris Summer Olympic Games in Paris, France. (Photo By Stephen McCarthy/Sportsfile via Getty Images)

To celebrate Australia’s final day in the pool in Paris, members of the swimming team including Kaylee McKeown, Emma McKeon and Mollie O’Callaghan celebrated their success with one final dive. The team joyfully plunged into the water fully dressed in their uniform as they celebrated their wins and said farewell to McKeon’s Olympic run.

Nicola Olyslagers & Eleanor Patterson Won Silver And Bronze In The Women’s High Jump

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 4: Silver medalist Nicola Olyslagers of Team Australia celebrates with teammate and bronze medalist Eleanor Patterson of Team Australia after the Women’s High Jump Final on day nine of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de France on August 4, 2024, in Paris, France. (Photo by Kevin Voigt/GettyImages)

Nicola Olyslagers (left) and Eleanor Patterson (right) became the first two Australians to medal in the same Olympic track and field event in 68 years after taking home silver and bronze in the women’s high jump. Following Ukrainian athlete Yaroslava Mahuchikh, Nicola Olyslagers cleared 2.02m with Patterson snapping up the last podium position with a height of 1.98m.

DAY 8

Kaylee McKeown Wins Bronze After A History-Making Video Review And Disqualification

NANTERRE, FRANCE – AUGUST 03: Kaylee McKeown of Team Australia competes in the Mixed 4x100m Medley Relay Final on day eight of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Paris La Defense Arena on August 03, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Andy Cheung/Getty Images)

In a move that had Kaylee McKeown disqualified in the women’s 200m individual medley at the 2023 World Aquatics Championships at Fukuoka, an error from the U.S’s Alex Walsh led the swimmer to win bronze in the IM Olympic race. Rules stipulate swimmers must be mostly on their back as they head into the turn from backstroke to front-facing breaststroke. As Walsh had already turned by the time she reached the wall, she was sadly disqualified which bumped McKeown into third place. McKeown ultimately walked home from the pool deck with an unexpected bronze medal.

DAY 7 

24-Year-Old Saya Sakakibara Has The Ultimate Comeback By Winning BMX Gold

PARIS, FRANCE – AUGUST 02: Saya Sakakibara of Team Australia celebrates as Gold medal winner during the Women’s Final on day seven of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines BMX Stadium on August 02, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Tim de Waele/Getty Images)

In 2020, Saya Sakakibara was sadly rolled away on a stretcher after a scary crash at the Tokyo Games. Now, the BMX athlete has ridden to Olympic glory by taking home gold at the Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines circuit. The cyclist became the first Australian racer to win Olympic gold in the division, with the athlete saying after the race, “I just knew I had it when the gate called. I smiled. I was like, ‘all I have to do is go'”.

DAY 6

Ariarne Titmus & Mollie O’Callaghan Lead Australia To Its 18th Medal With Olympic Record Making 4x200m Relay 

NANTERRE, FRANCE – AUGUST 01: Gold Medalists Mollie O’Callaghan, Lani Pallister, Brianna Throssell and Ariarne Titmus of Team Australia pose following the Swimming medal ceremony after the Women’s 4x200m Freestyle Relay Final on day six of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Paris La Defense Arena on August 01, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images)

On one of the final days of the swimming schedule, Australia’s aquatic golden girls led our country to its 18th medal with an Olympic record-making race in the 4x200m freestyle relay. Mollie O’Callaghan, 20, and Ariarne Titmus, 23, took home their respective third and second gold medals in Paris, with the decorated athletes bookending the race. O’Callaghan led the pack and set a great speed for her teammates before Titmus rounded it out and brought it home. Lani Pallister, 22, was deserving of her first gold medal after spending the week in isolation after testing positive for COVID-19. They ended the race with a time of 7:38:08, with sporting legend Dawn Fraser proudly watching on from the stands.

Team Australia Australia’s Mollie O’callaghan, Australia’s Lani Pallister, Australia’s Brianna Throssell and Australia’s Ariarne Titmus celebrate after winning the final of the women’s 4x200m freestyle relay swimming event during the Paris 2024 Olympic Games at the Paris La Defense Arena in Nanterre, west of Paris, on August 1, 2024. (Photo by Oli SCARFF / AFP) (Photo by OLI SCARFF/AFP via Getty Images)

DAY 5

Jess Fox Nabs Back-To-Back Gold In C1  

Jessica FOX of Australia celebrates winning the Women’s Canoe Slalom Single Final during the Olympic Games Paris 2024 – Day 5 at Vaires-Sur-Marne Nautical Stadium on July 31, 2024, in Paris, France. (Photo by Baptiste Fernandez/Icon Sport via Getty Images)

She paddles, she scores. That’s the case for one of Australia’s most successful athletes Jessica Fox. The French-born canoeist and kayaker took home back-to-back bold after a superb display in the C1. Her technical abilities and proficiency in the water led her to lead the pack and defeat the silver winner by a mere two seconds. Every moment counts, and she made each her own.

Penny Brown Takes Home Bronze In Trap Shooting

CHATEAUROUX, FRANCE – JULY 31: Penny Smith of Team Australia releases a cartridge while competing in the Shooting Trap Women’s Final on day five of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Chateauroux Shooting Centre on July 31, 2024 in Chateauroux, France. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images)

South Korea’s record-breaking Olympic pistol shooter Kim Ye-ji may have the internet in a chokehold with her cold “auramaxxing” demeanour, but Australian Penny Smith has put Australia on the map with a courageous effort in trap shooting. The 29-year-old won bronze, making it her first Olympic medal. She placed sixth at Tokyo in 2020, making this comeback especially joyful. Talk about hitting your mark.

The Matildas End Their Olympic Campaign Sooner Than Expected In Emotional Loss Against The U.S.

MARSEILLE, FRANCE – JULY 31: Alanna Kennedy #14 of Australia reacts after losing to the United States during the Women’s Group B match during the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Stade de Marseille on July 31, 2024, in Marseille, France. (Photo by John Todd/ISI/Getty Images)

The Matildas had gold in their views at the 2020 Tokyo Games. A devastating 4-3 loss to the U.S. led the team to place fourth. Though it was the closest the girls ever got to Olympic glory, history was unfortunately deemed to repeat itself when they met again in Marseille. It was a valiant effort, but the Matildas ended their Olympic campaign sooner than expected during an emotional loss to their fiercest rivals. The team did not progress out of the Group B round with a tight 2-1 defeat. Nevertheless, the Tillies did us proud with amazing saves from Mackenzie Arnold and a brilliant goal from Alanna Kennedy.

The Stingers, Australia’s Women’s Waterpolo Team, Wins Dramatic Shoot Out Against The Netherlands

PARIS, FRANCE – JULY 31: Players of Team Australia celebrate from the sidelines during the Women’s Preliminary Round Group A match between Team Netherlands and Team Australia on day five of the Olympics at Aquatics Centre on July 31, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images)

Elsewhere the pool, Australia’s women’s Waterpolo team proceeded to the next round of the heats in a dramatic shootout against The Netherlands. Rightly titled the Stingers, the team pipped them to the goal by one point, winning 15-14 in penalty overtime. The score was drawn seven-all when the whistle blew at full-time, but it was a last-minute appearance from goalkeeper Genevieve Longman, 29, that proved to be the best play of the match. With fresh legs, Longman made the save that netted Australia the victory. The team are currently undefeated and will proceed to play against Canada later in the Olympics.

DAY 4

Kaylee McKeown Defends Her 100m Backstroke Title & Breaks Olympic Record

NANTERRE, FRANCE – JULY 30: Kaylee McKeown of Team Australia celebrates after winning gold in the Women’s 100m Backstroke Final on day four of the Olympics at Paris La Defense Arena on July 30, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Adam Pretty/Getty Images)

Another day, another gold for Australia in the pool. The sixth gold medal came courtesy of a formidable display from Kaylee McKeown in the 100m backstroke. McKeown, 23, defended the gold she won for the same race during the 2020 Tokyo Games, making this her second individual win. The race came down to the last 25m, with McKeown’s valiant effort triumphing over the U.S’s Regan Smith. McKeown, her teammate Ariarne Titmus, and swimming legend Dawn Fraser are the only Australian women to defend their individual Olympic gold medals.

DAY 3

Mollie O’Callaghan Pips Ariarne Titmus To The Finishing Blocks In 200m Freestyle

NANTERRE, FRANCE – JULY 29: Gold Medalist Mollie O’Callaghan of Team Australia (R) celebrates on the podium as she is applauded by Silver Medalist Ariarne Titmus of Team Australia (L) during the Swimming medal ceremony after the Women’s 200m Freestyle Final on day three of the Olympics  at Paris La Defense Arena on July 29, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Sarah Stier/Getty Images)

In the highly anticipated 200m freestyle quinella—the race in which Australia was guaranteed the first two places, but not necessarily in the assumed order—Mollie O’Callaghan, 20, piped her teammate, Ariarne Titmus, 23, to the finishing blocks in a nail-biting final 50m push. The 20-year-old claimed her second gold in the span of two days, defeating Titmus in 1 minute and 53.27 seconds. (Titmus was 54 milliseconds behind her and took home silver.)

The race for O’Callaghan’s first individual medal heated up after the Olympic swimming trails when Titmus narrowly defeated her swim partner. Now, the tables have indeed turned. The one-two placement is Australia’s first since Ian Thorpe and Grant Hackett’s triumph 20 years ago at the 2004 Athens Olympics.

DAY 2

Jessica Fox Takes Home Her Long-Awaited Gold For Kayak Slalom 

PARIS, FRANCE – JULY 28: Jessica Fox of Team Australia gestures a love heart as she celebrates after competing during the Women’s Kayak Single Final on day two of the Olympics at Vaires-Sur-Marne Nautical Stadium on July 28, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Alex Davidson/Getty Images)

Jess Fox, 30, contributed to Australia’s medal tally by adding the fourth gold of the games. The much-awaited victory came from the women’s canoe slalom K1 discipline on day two at Vaires-sur-Marne Nautical Stadium in East Paris. Fox, who comes from a family of canoe and kayaking greats, took home the gold for the K1 after winning at Tokyo in the C1 division. She now has gold, silver and bronze in each field. Game, set, match, indeed.

The Matildas Deliver The Ultimate Come Back

Australia’s defender #07 Steph Catley celebrates scoring the 5-5 equalizer on a penalty kick in the women’s group B football match between Australia and Zambia during the Paris 2024 Olympics at the Nice Stadium in Nice on July 28, 2024. (Photo by Valery HACHE / AFP) (Photo by VALERY HACHE/AFP via Getty Images)

“Til It’s Done” was the approach The Matildas took to the nail-biting defeat over Zambia on Day 2 of the Paris Olympics. After a devastating 3-0 loss to Germany in their opening game, the football greats delivered a comeback to beat the African team by one goal. The match’s MVP is indisputably Michelle Heyman, who netted the final point in the 90th minute.

DAY 1

Ariarne Titmus Triumphs In 400m Freestyle 

NANTERRE, FRANCE – JULY 28: Ariarne Titmus of Team Australia reacts after competing in the Women’s 200m Freestyle Semifinals on day two of the Olympics at Paris La Defense Arena on July 28, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Sarah Stier/Getty Images)

Proving she has the Midas touch in the water, Ariarne Titmus, 23, has taken home her third gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle. She clocked in a speedy finish of 3:57.49 (just over her world record time of 3:55.38) to clear her American rival Katie Ledecky and Canada’s Summer McIntosh for top podium position. Titmus set the tone for the race from the starting blocks, leading the pack from her first dive. Titmus contended against her teammate Mollie O’Callaghan in the 200m freestyle. Though the outcome wasn’t in Titmus’ favour, the win was clear Ariarne and Australia are going for gold.

Emma McKeon & Mollie O’Callaghan Led Australia’s Relay Team To Gold 

NANTERRE, FRANCE – JULY 27: Mollie O’Callaghan, Shayna Jack, Emma McKeon and Meg Harris of Team Australia celebrate after winning gold in the Women’s 4x100m Freestyle Relay Final on day one of the Olympics at Paris La Defense Arena on July 27, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Sarah Stier/Getty Images)

After Titmus took home the second gold medal in the game, her teammates Emma McKeon, 30, Shayna Jack, 25, Meg Harris, 22, and Mollie O’Callaghan, 20, swam laps around their competitors in the 4x100m freestyle relay. The thrashing foursome set an Olympic record with their 3:28.92 time, pitting the U.S. and China to the blocks.  This gold led McKeon to become Australia’s most decorated Olympian, but she sadly failed to take home the win in the 100m butterfly—her last individual race. McKeon announced her retirement following the Paris Olympics, with the electric head-to-head an astonishing swan song for the athlete.

Grace Brown Snatched Australia’s First Gold & Ended A 20-Year Medal Drought

PARIS, FRANCE – JULY 27: Grace Brown of Team Australia competes near the Hotel des Invalides, during the Women’s Individual Time Trial on day one of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 at Pont Alexandre III on July 27, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Tim de Waele/Getty Images)

“Carrying the Nation” was how Grace Brown’s gold medal win was described following her cycling individual time trial success. Brown, 32, rode a 32.4-kilometre course through the heart of Paris in 39 minutes and 38.24 seconds on day one of the Olympics, becoming the first gold medalist for Australia. She has ended a 20-year drought with Australia failing to place in the road race since Sara Carrigan won in 2004. Brown had previously announced her retirement, with this gold a self-described “high” for the 32-year-old to end her career on. 

topics: PARIS 2024 OLYMPICS, OLYMPICS, PARIS 2024, 2024 PARIS OLYMPICS, SPORTS, EMMA MCKEON, ARIARNE TITMUS, MOLLIE O'CALLAGHAN, KAYLEE MCKEOWN, ELLIE CARPENTER, MARY FOWLER, STEPH CATLEY, MATILDAS, JESSICA FOX, NOEMIE FOX, SAM KERR, ARISA TREW, CHLOE COVELL, TYLER WRIGHT, TINA RAHIMI, HAYLEY RASO

BLAZING GLORY: THE AUSTRALIAN MEDAL WINS AND HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE 2024 PARIS PARALYMPICS
 
THE BIGGEST QUESTIONS SURROUNDING RAYGUN’S INCLUSION IN THE OLYMPICS GAMES
 
GOOD SPORTS: KATE MIDDLETON & PRINCE WILLIAM MAKE FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE TOGETHER SINCE 2023
 
BILLIE EILISH PERFORMS FROM A LIFEGUARD STAND IN LA DURING THE PARIS 2024 OLYMPICS CLOSING CEREMONY
 
RYAN GOSLING AND EVA MENDES MAKE AN EXTREMELY RARE PUBLIC APPEARANCE TOGETHER AT THE 2024 PARIS OLYMPICS
 
CITY OF LIGHTS: ALL THE STARS SHIMMERING AT THE 2024 PARIS OLYMPICS
ADVERTISING CONTACT PRESS RSS FEEDS
 
 
 
GRAZIA
NEWS FEED
FASHION SHOOTS
HOROSCOPES
A STYLIST’S TAKE
FASHION WEEK
GRAZIA NETWORK
GRAZIA USA
GRAZIA MEXICO
GRAZIA SPAIN

Grace Publishing Pty Ltd.

© All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://graziamagazine.com/articles/2024-paris-olympics-highlights/ 
 ----- 
