Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Cameroon vs Namibia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
Cameroon vs Namibia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 7th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 06, 2024 20:01 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Cameroon and Namibia square off in the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Saturday

Cameroon and Namibia get their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign underway when they square off at the Roumde Adjia Stadium on Saturday. Marc Brys’ side head into the weekend unbeaten in their last four competitive home matches and will look to extend this impressive run.

Cameroon maintained their unbeaten campaign in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers as they played out a 1-1 draw with Angola at the Estadio 11 de Novembro on June 11.

Brys’ men have picked up two wins and two draws from their four matches in Group D to collect eight points and sit top of the table, one point above second-placed Libya.

Following their round-of-16 exit from the 2023 AFCON, Cameroon will look to begin their quest for a place in Morocco on the front foot and make it five consecutive appearances at the continental showpiece.

Trending

Namibia, on the other hand, were denied a second COSAFA Cup title on July 7 when they fell to a humiliating 7-0 loss against Angola in the final at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.

Before that, Collin Benjamin’s men were on a six-game unbeaten run across all competitions, picking up three wins and three draws while scoring six goals and keeping three clean sheets.

Namibia, who are currently 98th in the latest FIFA World Rankings, also suffered a round-of-16 exit from the 2023 AFCON earlier this year and will aim to return to winning ways this weekend.

Cameroon vs Namibia Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
Cameroon hold a slight upper hand in the history of this fixture, having won two of the last four meetings between the two nations.
Namibia have managed one win in that time, which came in March 2023, when they beat Brys' men 2-1 in the AFCON qualifiers, while the spoils have been shared once.
Cameroon are unbeaten in their last four competitive home games, picking up three wins and one draw since a 1-0 loss against Algeria in the World Cup qualifiers in March 2022.
Namibia have lost just one of their last seven matches across all competitions while claiming three wins and three draws since June 5.
Cameroon vs Namibia Prediction

While Namibia will look to bounce back from July’s COSAFA Cup heartbreak, they face the stern challenge of taking on Cameroon, who have named a star-studded squad for September’s qualifiers.

That said, we predict a one-sided affair at the Roumde Adjia Stadium, with the hosts claiming all three points.

Prediction: Cameroon 2-1 Namibia

Cameroon vs Namibia Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Cameroon

Tip 2: Both sides to score - Yes (Both sides have scored in seven of Cameroon's last eight games)

Tip 3: Over 4.5 cards - No (There have also been fewer than five bookings in Cameroon’s last seven matches)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Cameroon Namibia Football
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/cameroon-vs-namibia-prediction-betting-tips-september-7th-2024 
 ----- 
