Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
DR Congo's goalkeeper Lionel Mpasi (top centre) celebrates after scoring the winning penalty against Egypt. Photograph: Sunday Alamba/AP
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
 This article is more than 10 months old
Afcon roundup: DR Congo beat Egypt on penalties to set up Guinea quarter-final
This article is more than 10 months old
Egypt 1-1 DR Congo (DRC win 8-7 on pens)
Guinea 1-0 Equatorial Guinea; Bayo scores late winner
Agencies
Sun 28 Jan 2024 18.37 EST
Share
21

Egypt’s goalkeeper Mohamed Abou Gabal missed his penalty in the shootout as the Democratic Republic of Congo claimed an epic 8-7 victory following a tense 1-1 draw in their Africa Cup of Nations last-16 clash in San Pedro on Sunday. As a result, Mohamed Salah will remain with Liverpool and not have to return to Ivory Coast as he continues to recover from a hamstring injury

Abou Gabal clipped the crossbar with his effort and then his opposite number Lionel Mpasi scored against him as the record seven-times winners Egypt bowed out at the Laurent Pokou Stadium, sparking jubilant scenes for DRC, who now play Guinea in the quarter-finals in Abidjan on Friday.

The journeyman French coach is fast becoming an endangered species in Africa
Jonathan Wilson
Read more

Meschack Elia gave DRC the lead when he headed in virtually on the goalline, but the advantage lasted nine minutes before Mostafa Mohamed scored his fourth goal of the tournament from the penalty spot on the stroke of half-time.

The Egypt midfielder Mohamed Hamdy received a red card in extra time, after which the Pharaohs, without injured talisman Salah, stopped attacking and held on as the game went to a shootout.

Mohamed Bayo scored a last-gasp winner to send Guinea into the last eight of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 1-0 win over 10-man Equatorial Guinea. A poor-quality game looked destined for extra time in Abidjan when Bayo headed home from Ibrahim Diakité’s cross with just 22 seconds remaining in the last of eight minutes of stoppage time.

The majority of that time had come from a lengthy VAR check which eventually saw Equatorial Guinea awarded a penalty for a foul by Sekou Sylla on Iban Salvador, only for the captain, Emilio Nsue, to hit the base of a post with his spot-kick.

View image in fullscreen
Mohamed Bayo celebrates scoring against Equatorial Guinea. Photograph: Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

An early shot narrowly wide from Bayo was the only attempt on goal worthy of mention in an otherwise turgid first half, but the game sprang to life in the second period.

Nsue failed to make the most of a fortunate ricochet just two minutes after the interval as he volleyed wastefully over the bar from 10 yards, while Guinea briefly thought they had broken the deadlock when Mory Konaté headed home from a free-kick in the 53rd minute but he was offside.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Guinea were handed a man advantage just two minutes later when Federico Bikoro was shown a red card for a high-footed challenge which delivered a painful blow to Bayo’s ribs.

Equatorial Guinea should have taken the lead from the penalty spot after Sylla’s foul on Salvador was eventually confirmed following a VAR check. Nsue, after sending Ibrahim Koné the wrong way, could only look on in despair as his shot hit a post.

The deadlock was finally broken in dramatic fashion with Bayo in the perfect place to head a deserved winner. “It was a very satisfying victory. We had a lot of criticism after our group games but my players got due reward for all of their work,” said the Guinea coach, Kaba Diawara.

Explore more on these topics
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
DR Congo football team
Egypt football team
Guinea football team
Equatorial Guinea
Africa Cup of Nations
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/jan/28/afcon-equatorial-guinea-guinea-egypt-dr-congo 
 ----- 
