Menu
Notices
Opens in new window
Place a Notice
Opens in new window
Today’s Paper
Opens in new window
Subscriptions
Podcasts
Jobs
Opens in new window
Sign Up
Log In
Home
News
Opinion
GAA
Business
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Puzzles
Soccer
Marwan Attia confident Egypt can progress without ‘great loss’ of Mohamed Salah
Salah is back at Liverpool for treatment on the hamstring injury he picked up in the second group game.
Expand
Egypt will be without Mohamed Salah, through injury (Themba Hadebe/AP) (Themba Hadebe/AP)
By PA Sport Staff
January 27, 2024 at 8:28pm GMT

Midfielder Marwan Attia insists Egypt can cope with the “great loss” of Mohamed Salah as they gear up for their Africa Cup of Nations last-16 clash with DR Congo in San Pedro.

Salah is back at Liverpool for treatment on the hamstring injury he picked up in the second group game, with the hope he might be able to rejoin the national team should they reach the latter stages of the tournament.

Egypt squeezed into the knockout round following three successive 2-2 draws and will next face a DR Congo side who are also unbeaten but yet to record a victory.

Attia said at a press conference: “The absence of a Mohamed Salah is a great loss for the team, but it will not deter us from achieving our goal.

Danny Rohl pulls no punches in assessment of Sheffield Wednesday’s defending
Hamilton midfielder Ben Williamson injured in a road traffic accident

“No match is easy, but we are ready to rise to the challenge and beat Congo.

“Tomorrow’s match will be difficult, but we will give it our all to win and move on in the tournament.

“We are confident in ourselves and our abilities and we will fight to the end to win.”

Egypt are also without first-choice goalkeeper Mohamed El Shenawy, who suffered a dislocated shoulder in their final group game against Cape Verde.

Boss Rui Vitoria feels his team are being dogged by misfortune, telling the press conference: “We have been suffering from strange injuries since the first day. Even our equipment manager was injured. We always play to win, but bad luck seems to be following us.”

The winner of the game will play either Equatorial Guinea or Guinea in the quarter-finals.

Most read

1

Killylea: Community in shock after death of father and son in crash

2

Trimble told by Blair to ‘get lost’ over timing of border poll, records show

3

Mark Dorrian: Pair accused of murder took photograph of victim as he lay fatally injured, court told

4

Wind warning in place for New Year’s Eve in Northern Ireland

5

Priest caught up in NI school protest declined Irish Government’s offer of flat
Top stories

1

Pair accused of murder took photograph of victim as he lay fatally injured, court told

2

Irish tributes highlight President Jimmy Carter’s ‘significant’ contribution to peace process

3

Society ‘can and must do better’ to end violence against women, says Michelle O’Neill

4

Community in shock after death of father and son in crash

5

Fundraising drive for family after home gutted in Christmas Day blaze
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

@2024 The Irish News Ltd

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contributor T&C’s
News
Opinion
GAA
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Newsletters
Send us your story
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise
Opens in new window
Contact us
Help / FAQ
About us
Digital subscriptions
Corporate subscriptions
Workplace and Employment Awards
Opens in new window
The Irish News Ulster GAA All Stars
Opens in new window
Young News Readers
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All I Accept
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishnews.com/sport/soccer/marwan-attia-confident-egypt-can-progress-without-great-loss-of-mohamed-salah-SJAREYUYGZI2BLO2KWPXGYVZAI/ 
 ----- 
