Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Royals not worried after Marsh's short start, tough Tigers series
Share
Royals not worried after Marsh's short start, tough Tigers series
September 19th, 2024

Anne Rogers

@anne__rogers
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- By the time the second inning ended on Wednesday night, Alec Marsh had thrown 52 pitches, and the Royals bullpen was beginning to stir.

By the time the third inning ended, the Tigers had built a three-run lead and forced Marsh out of the game after just 2 2/3 innings.

Complete coverage: Royals’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

A deficit when facing American League Cy Young frontrunner Tarik Skubal is not an ideal situation, and it wasn’t for the Royals on Wednesday in their 4-2 loss at Kauffman Stadium with the Tigers sweeping the three-game series and handing the Royals their fourth consecutive loss and sixth in their past nine games.

Time to panic? Not quite. The Royals’ playoff lead has dwindled, but they still sit in the second AL Wild Card spot, 2 1/2 games behind the Orioles in the first spot and 1 1/2 games above the Twins in the third spot after they blew their lead against the Guardians on Wednesday night. Detroit is now just a half-game behind the Twins for the final AL Wild Card spot. Both the Royals and Twins hold the head-to-head tiebreaker over the Tigers.

Time to worry? A two-game lead for a playoff spot is a lot dicier than a four-game lead, which is what the Royals (82-71) would have had if they won Wednesday. But they’ve got nine games left, and getting back on track with some wins is the quickest way to avoid the ensuing chaos as the standings shake out.

“I don’t worry about it,” Salvador Perez said. “I think we’re going to be fine. I think we’re going to make it to the playoffs. That’s the kind of mentality we have here. Everybody has some bad series. It’s part of the game.”

Related
KC rewards No. 1 prospect Caglianone with Spring Training invite

17 minutes ago

Royals sign remaining arb-eligible players to one-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'We're going to win': Lorenzen reunites with Royals on 1-year deal

January 8th, 2025

What's in store for the Royals in 2025?

January 3rd, 2025

Royals ride 6-run 2nd, Marsh's 11-K start to key 81st victory

September 14th, 2024

Marsh's reset might be just what KC ordered

August 29th, 2024

After an off-day on Thursday, the Royals host the Giants for the final three home games of the regular season and head on the road to Washington and Atlanta for the final six games of the regular season.

“I know we still control our own fate as far as getting into the playoffs, and that’s all you can really ask for,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “We have to play better. We have to win some games, clearly. We can’t count on someone else losing a whole bunch of games at this time of year. But you don’t want that anyway. You don’t want to count on the other team. You want to believe in yourself. And we wouldn’t be in this spot if we didn’t have guys that we believed in.”

On Wednesday, the Royals struck first off Skubal with a run in the bottom of the first inning. After escaping a bases-loaded jam in the first inning, Marsh gave the run right back in the second with an errant throw to first base on Jake Rogers’ infield single.

Three more Tigers runs in the third meant the Royals were turning to their bullpen early.

Marsh’s 2 2/3 innings made it his shortest start of the year, allowing four runs (three earned) on five hits, three walks, a wild pitch, the error and a hit batter with five strikeouts.

“Those are the games you want to pitch in, right?” Marsh said. “It’s very exciting coming into this game, getting the chance to face that guy on the mound that they have too. Kind of maybe just hyped things up a little bit instead of keeping it simple and doing what we’ve been doing. Things just escalated quickly and got away from me.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Kansas City’s bullpen was excellent Wednesday, highlighted by Daniel Lynch IV giving the Royals 3 1/3 scoreless innings, extending his scoreless streak to 14 1/3 frames since he was recalled on Aug. 26. In that span, he’s allowed just five hits and three walks while striking out 16.

The Royals didn’t take advantage. Skubal did not allow a hit after Yuli Gurriel’s RBI single in the first inning and just three more baserunners after that. The Royals got another run across in the eighth after Bobby Witt Jr.’s bloop double -- setting a single-season Royals record with his 87th extra-base hit of the season -- and Perez’s RBI single.

But that was it. Detroit’s pitching was impressive all series, especially their relievers. Quatraro pushed back when asked whether his hitters were pressing in a tough offensive stretch.

“It’s hard to tell exactly what it is, but I think we have enough guys in that lineup that have been through this and understand what it takes to win a game in September or October that I don’t think that [pressing] is the case,” Quatraro said. “... We had some good at-bats that didn’t get results, we had some bad at-bats that we need to improve on. But overall, we need to stack together more consistently quality at-bats.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kansas City Royals
Alec Marsh

Anne Rogers covers the Royals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/alec-marsh-throws-2-2-3-innings-in-loss-to-tigers 
 ----- 
