MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Brandon Ingram hits game-winner to earn Pelicans 105-103 come-from-behind win over Trail Blazers
Updated Oct. 26, 2024 12:57 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Brandon Ingram hit a jumper with 4.9 seconds left and the New Orleans Pelicans rallied from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 105-103 on Friday night.

New Orleans trailed until CJ McCollum made a 3-pointer and floater to tie it at 91 with 8:20 to go. Jordan Hawkins made free throws to put New Orleans in front. The Pelicans extended the lead to 97-91 on Daniel Theis' layup.

Anfernee Simons' jumper put Portland back in front with 2:24 left. It was back and fourth down the stretch until Ingram's game-winner.

Hawkins led the Pelicans with 24 points.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Zion Williamson was in the starting lineup for the Pelicans after missing the team's opener against Chicago with an illness. He finished with 16 points.

Portland jumped out to a 27-15 lead in the first quarter and held on to a double-digit lead through most of the half to lead 47-37 at the break.

Takeaways

Pelicans: Dejounte Murray is expected to miss four-to-six weeks because of a hand injury he sustained in the fourth quarter of New Orleans' season opener against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday night. Jose Alvarado replaced him in the starting lineup.

Trail Blazers: Rookie big man Donovan Clingan played just seven minutes in the first half but had three blocks. In the third quarter, he stripped Yves Missi of a rebound from behind, got the layup and drew a foul. Clingan finished with four points and four blocks in 14 minutes.

Here's What a 1-Day Shower Upgrade Should Cost You In 2025
The cost of a shower upgrade from local pros might surprise you
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide...
Ariat|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key moment

Ingram drove into the paint on Simons and made a contested turnaround jumper to give the Pelicans a 105-103 lead with 4.9 seconds left.

Key stat

Jerami Grant finished with 34 points, including eight 3-pointers, for the Blazers, breaking his previous best of seven set against Cleveland in 2022.

Up next

The Pelicans and the Blazers play again at the Moda Center on Sunday afternoon.

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Brandon Ingram
New Orleans Pelicans
National Basketball Association
Zion Williamson
Anfernee Simons
Daniel Theis
CJ McCollum
Brandon Ingram
New Orleans Pelicans
Portland Trail Blazers
NBA - New Orleans Pelicans vs. Portland Trail Blazers - 10/26/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/brandon-ingram-hits-gamewinner-to-earn-pelicans-105103-comefrombehind-win-over-trail-blazers 
 ----- 
