Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans handles the ball vs. Portland's Scoot Henderson.
Behind the Numbers: Pelicans at Trail Blazers (10/27/2024)
New Orleans will attempt to sweep weekend "baseball series" in Pacific Northwest
Jim Eichenhofer
October 26, 20245:09 PM CDT

A look at three key numbers related to Sunday’s game in Moda Center between New Orleans and Portland (5 p.m. Central, GCSEN TV, WWL radio). All statistics and NBA rankings are prior to Saturday’s busy slate of games around the league:

0: Times during the 2023-24 season that Brandon Ingram made three-plus three-pointers in consecutive games, something he’s already accomplished in the first two contests of 2024-25. The ninth-year NBA forward shot 3/5 from beyond the arc vs. Chicago on Wednesday, then followed that up Friday with a 4/9 outing at Portland. Even after a career night of shooting 8/11 from distance vs. Toronto in February of last season, he only attempted four treys in the next game at the LA Clippers, making none. Prior to Week 1 of this season, the last time Ingram had drained three-plus trifectas in two straight games was Nov. 18 and 21 of 2022, going a combined 8/18 in home games vs. Boston and Golden State. He’s never averaged more than 2.4 made threes in a season, but is averaging 3.5 through two games this season.

6.0: Jordan Hawkins rebounding average through the first two games of this season. As a rookie, the UConn product grabbed 2.2 boards per game, but he’s committed to improving in various areas, including defense, partly by adding strength. Hawkins was a vital catalyst in Friday’s win at Portland by erupting for 15 fourth-quarter points (and 22 in the second half), but he’s also helping New Orleans in other ways beyond elite mid-range and perimeter shooting. Through the first four days of the NBA regular season, the 22-year-old has been one of the league’s most productive reserves (18.5 ppg ranks fourth among subs, with Buddy Hield topping the list at 24.5), and second-year players (No. 1 among “sophomores” in made threes per game).

1: Rank among the 30 NBA teams entering Saturday’s games in “stocks” average (combined steals and blocks) for the defense of New Orleans. The Pelicans were second in steals (13.5 per game), trailing only Golden State (14.0), while tied for third in blocks (9.0 per game), behind only Oklahoma City (13 in one game played at Denver) and Toronto (9.5). Add it up and New Orleans has registered 22.5 “stocks” per game so far in the regular season, just ahead of second-place Oklahoma City (22.0). The Pelicans were also tied for second in forcing turnovers, causing 20.5 per game in wins over Chicago and Portland. Last season, New Orleans was excellent at thievery (8.3 spg, third in NBA), but below average at blocking shots (4.6 bpg, 22nd).

Previous Game Starting Lineups

NEW ORLEANS (2-0)

Friday win at Portland

CJ McCollum, Herb Jones, Brandon Ingram, Zion Williamson, Daniel Theis

Notes: Dejounte Murray (hand) and Trey Murphy (hamstring) are out with multi-week injuries. Murray started the Wednesday opener vs. Chicago, but Williamson missed that win due to illness. The team’s official injury report Saturday will be submitted prior to the league-mandated 5 p.m. local deadline in Oregon (7 p.m. Central time). … The highly competitive Western Conference was already down to just five undefeated teams after Friday’s action, with New Orleans, Golden State and the LA Lakers all 2-0, while Oklahoma City and Dallas were 1-0. The Lakers, Thunder and Mavericks play Saturday evening in separate games vs. Sacramento, at Chicago and at Phoenix, respectively.

PORTLAND (0-2)

Friday loss vs. New Orleans

Anfernee Simons, Deni Avdija, Toumani Camara, Jerami Grant, Deandre Ayton

Notes: The Trail Blazers have started the same group in both of their games, continuity that wasn’t very common last season, when Portland used 41 different starting lineups. Ayton led the Blazers in starts in 2023-24, despite only making 55. Grant, Camara and Simons ranked 2-4 on the club with 54, 49 and 46, respectively. … Portland’s notable injury DNPs so far have included wings Shaedon Sharpe and Matisse Thybulle, as well as center Robert Williams III. … Grant set a career high in Friday’s defeat by making eight three-pointers.

Tags
BRANDON INGRAM
JORDAN HAWKINS
Related Articles
Behind the Numbers: Pelicans at Trail Blazers (10/27/2024)
Pelicans 105, Trail Blazers 103: Jordan Hawkins 24 points | Postgame wrap
Dejounte Murray undergoes successful surgery
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/behind-the-numbers-pelicans-at-trail-blazers-10-27-2024 
 ----- 
