Home » Full Members » India

India
April 3, 2023  4135
Top 10 Cricket Players From Kerala 
Written by Farid Noori

Kerala state cricket team is one of the elite Ranji cricket teams. Sanju Samson is the captain of the Kerala state team. Tinu Yohannan is the current coach of the team. The home ground of the state team is Greenfield International cricket stadium.

1. S Sreesanth

The first player on our list is S Sreesanth. He is a former Indian cricketer from Kerala. He is one of the best bowlers Indian cricket team. Sreesanth is a right arm medium fast bowler and a right-handed lower-order batsman. He played 27 test matches, 53 one-day matches and 10 t20 internationals for India. He averaged 37, 31 and 43 in the respective formats. In Indian Premier League, he participated for Rajasthan Royals. His ban was reduced to seven years in 2019.

2. Sandeep Warrier 

The next player on our list is Sandeep Warrier. He is a new budding talent who represented Indian Cricket team. He is primarily a bowler who serves as a tail-ender. He has played 57 first-class matches. He averaged 24 in those matches and took 186 wickets. In 2021 he debuted for the Indian cricket team against Sri Lanka. He has 11 five-wicket hauls in first-class matches.

3. Robin Uthappa

The next player on our list is Robin Uthappa. Robin is a former Indian cricketer hailing from Kerala. He is a wicket-keeper batsman by profession. He is a right-handed top-order batsman. He is a regular player in Indian Premier League, where he represented KKR and CSK. He has played 46 one-day matches and 13 t20 internationals for team India. In those game formats, he had a batting average of 25 and 24, respectively. He has played 142 first-class matches too. He was one of the members of the 2007 world Cup-winning team too.

4. Sanju Samson

The next player on our list is Sanju Samson. He is not selected or seen warming the bench in most of the series despite showing good performance whenever selected. He has served as the vice-captain of the 2014 under-19 cricket team. In Indian Premier League, he represented Rajasthan Royals and performed well every season. He has even captained in IPL. He has played around 11 one-day matches and 16 t20 internationals. He averaged 66 and 21 in respective formats.

5. Basil Thampi 

The next player on our list is Basil Thampi. He is primarily a bowler. He is a right-arm medium-fast bowler and right-hand tail-ender batsman. He plays domestic cricket for the state of Kerala. He played for teams like Gujarat Lions, Sunrises Hyderabad, and Mumbai Indians. He participates in Indian Premier League too. He has played 38 first-class matches, 31 list A, and 69 t20 matches. He has a constant bowling average of 28 in all these formats. He has two five-wicket hauls in first-class matches. He was selected for a t20 international series against Sri Lanka but could not get a chance to play in the playing eleven. He was also selected as a net bowler against Australia in the 2017 test series.

6. Tinu Yohannan

The next player on our list is Tinu Yohannan. He is a former Indian cricketer hailing from Kerala. He is the first player from Kerala to represent the Indian Cricket Team in the white ball format. He is a right-arm medium-fast bowler. He played 3 tests and 3 one day matches for the Indian cricket team. He had a bowling average of 51 and 24 in the respective formats. He has even played Indian Premier League for Royal challengers Bangalore. He has dropped from team India due to his poor form. Tinu is currently serving as the coach of the Kerala state cricket team.

7. Prasanth Parameswaran

The next player on our list is P Prasanth. He participated in Indian Premier League even. He played for teams like Kochi Tuskers Kerala and Sunrises Hyderabad. He is the region’s highest wicket-taker in Kerala. He took 64 wickets.

8. Ajay Varma

The next player on our list is Ajay Varma. He is a former Indian cricketer hailing from Kerala. He plays domestic cricket for the state of Kerala. He used to represent Kerala in the 1980s. He primarily serves as a bowler. He is a fast bowler. In south India, he has set terror because of his fast and lethal deliveries. He helped the state bank of Travancore cricket team to perform well. He has played 21 first-class matches where he averaged 41. He has one five-wicket haul in FC. He faced an unfortunate incident during his playing career and which limited his playing career.

9. Ajay Kudua

The next player on our list is Ajay Kudua. He is an Indian Cricketer who represents Kerala on the domestic stage. He is a batsman primarily. Kudua is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler. He was one of the important batsmen for the Kerala state team.

10. Sujith Somasunder

The next player on our list is Sujith Somasunder. Sujith is a former Indian cricketer who played 2 one day internationals for India. He used to play domestic cricket for the state of Kerala. He is a right-hand batsman and right-arm medium bowler. He averaged 8 in one-day matches. He has also played 99 first-class matches.

 Ajay Kudua, Ajay Varma, Basil Thampi, Padmanabhan Prasanth, Robin Uthappa, S. Sreesanth, Sandeep Warrier , Sanju Samson, Sujith Somasunder, Tinu Yohannan
Share Article:  
Copy to ClipBoard
You might also like
Matching Winning Catches In World T20 World Cup
October 22, 2024
Best Catches In The Slip Position On The Field
October 5, 2024
Best Bowling Records By Batsmen
September 25, 2024
Other stories
Top 10 Cricket Players From Rajasthan 
April 5, 2023
Next Story
Top 10 Cricket Players From Punjab 
April 3, 2023
Previous Story
Follow Us!
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Youtube

© Copyright 2025 by Crictv4u. All Rights Reserved.

Back to top 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://crictv4u.com/full-members/india/top-10-cricket-players-from-kerala/ 
 ----- 
