Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Live Blog: French Guiana v Bermuda
Sam Murley
Created: Nov 21, 2023 02:36 PM (Updated: Nov 21, 2023 05:37 PM)
0 Comments
62
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Crucial clash: victory would ensure Bermuda seal promotion to the top tier of the Concacaf Nations League (Photograph supplied)

Welcome to The Royal Gazette’s live blog of Bermuda’s pivotal League B group C clash away to French Guiana in Martinique, with the winner earning promotion to the top tier of the Concacaf Nations League.

A vital 3-1 victory over St Vincent & the Grenadines at the Flora Duffy Stadium on Friday night, coupled with Belize’s last-ditch 1-0 win at home to French Guiana, ensured Bermuda head into the crunch final group clash with destiny in their own hands.

Belize, also on seven points, one clear of St Vincent, remain firmly in the hunt for promotion, while the latter are not entirely out of it, either, but they would have to beat Belize by six goals while hoping Bermuda and French Guiana draw.

• Bermudastarting line-up (4-4-1-1): Dale Eve - Lejuan Simmons, Dante Leverock, Harry Twite, J'Nai Butterfield-Steede - Justin Donawa, Keziah Martin, Ne-Jai Tucker, Djari Parfitt-Williams - Kane Crichlow - Jai Bean

• Michael Findlay keeps the same starting line-up that beat St Vincent & the Grenadines 3-1 at the Flora Duffy Stadium on Friday night.

• Ahead of kick off, check out our preview to the game, as striker Jai Bean talks about trying to establish himself as the long-term successor to Nahki Wells.

• Both matches from the group will be ongoing at the same time and so I will try and bring updates from the game between St Vincent and Belize

• GOALUPDATE: St Vincent already lead Belize 1-0 in the third minute of the other match. Positive news for Bermuda, who as it stands would only need a draw to gain promotion

• Fairly even start to proceedings, with neither side really taking control in the opening eight minutes. Playing surface causing some issues for both in possession.

• YELLOW CARD (French Guiana) Yohan Marmot is the first player in the book in the twelfth minute for a late challenge on Dante Leverock.

• Into the 18th minute and no chances of note as yet. Bermuda starting to enjoy the greater share of possession without threatening

• CHANCE (French Guiana 22’) Arnold Abelinti skips past Dante Leverock into the left-side of the box, but can’t beat Dale Eve from the tight angle as the goalkeeper tips the effort round the post

• UPDATE: St Vincent go agonisingly close to doubling their advantage in the 25th minute, but Oalex Anderson’s driven effort comes crashing back off the post.

• CHANCE (French Guiana 28’) Flowing move from the hosts sees the ball worked into Marmot inside the area, but the full back can only lash his effort harmlessly wide.

• GOAL(French Guiana 29’) Hosts ahead as Thomas Nemouthe’s driven effort from outside the area is saved by Eve, only for the ball to fall to Albert Ajaiso, who reacted quickest to fire the rebound in from close range.

• As things stand French Guiana top the group ahead of St Vincent and would secure promotion to League A

• CHANCE (French Guiana 32’) Arnold Abelinti calls Eve into action again, forcing the goalkeeper into a low save

• Momentum firmly with French Guiana, who have been well on top since breaking the deadlock. Bermuda desperately trying to get back on the ball

• CHANCE (Bermuda 43’) Clearest opening the visitors have created, but Djari Parfitt-Williams can only lash his effort over the bar from inside the area after a smartly scooped pass from Bean

• CHANCE (French Guiana 45+1’) Hosts should be going into the interval 2-0 up, but Abelinti with an abundance of time and space curls wide. MASSIVE let off for Bermuda, who lost possession on the right hand side allowing the hosts to release Abelinti one-on-one with Eve

• HALF TIME: French Guiana 1 Bermuda 0...Home side ahead at the interval courtesy of Albert Ajaiso’s opener just before the half hour mark.

• Advantage French Guiana as things stand with the home side holding top spot in the group and in pole position to secure promotion to League A. However, a goal for Bermuda would change things and put them back in first place

• Back underway and an early chance for French Guiana as Abelinti tests Eve with a low driven effort

• CHANCE (Bermuda 46’) Steede does brilliantly down the left hand side to skip past two defenders and into the area, but his effort proves a simple save for the goalkeeper

• GOAL (French Guiana 48’) Hosts double their advantage as Marmot does well to keep the ball alive, crossing fist time for Loïc Baal to head home at the back post.Really poor goal to concede from Bermuda’s point of view.

• SUBSTITUTIONS (Bermuda 53’) Triple change for Bermuda Roger Lee on for Ne-Jai Tucker, Reggie Lambe replacing Kane Crichlow and Reece Jones Jr on for Lejaun Simmons

• Mountain to climb for Bermuda who HAVE TO at least score twice to keep their hopes of securing promotion alive.

• As things stand, a draw would still see Bermuda top the group, but they need to find a route back into the match as soon as possible

• CHANCE (French Guiana 58’) Harry Twite loses the ball on the right allowing the hosts to again release Abelinti, who races into the box, but sees his effort well blocked by Leverock who got across to snuff out the danger

• CHANCE (French Guiana 62’) ANOTHER opportunity for the home side who are capitalising on the abundance of space in behind Bermuda’s defence. Again it’s Abelinti who finds himself in space inside the area, but lashes over.

• SUBSTITUTE (French Guiana 64’) Abelinti, who will be furious with himself for not getting on the scoresheet, is replaced by Joel Sarrucco

• SUBSTITUTIONS (Bermuda 67’) Final changes by Michael Findlay with Knory Scott replacing Jai Bean and Aunde Todd coming on for Keziah Martin

• Coming up to the 70 minute mark and Bermuda still desperately searching for a route back into the game. Creating chances has proved a real problem thus far

• CHANCE (Bermuda 77’) First sight at goal for some time for the visitors as Lambe curls narrowly wide with a left foot effort from the edge of the area

• Some real gamesmanship from French Guiana, going down and staying down at every opportunity to disrupt the flow of the game

• SUBSTITUTE (French Guiana 80’) Dany Florentine comes on in place of Loïc Baal

• GOALUPDATE: St Vincent double their lead over Belize in the other game in the group. As it stands that result has no bearing on who wins promotion

• GOALUPDATE: St Vincent make it 3-0 over Belize...two goals in as many minutes.

• YELLOW CARD (French Guiana) Zedan Charlec in the book for a foul right on the edge of the area

• CHANCE (Bermuda 88’) Djair Parfitt culrs the resulting free kick harmlessly over the bar

• YELLOW CARD (Bermuda) Substitute Aunde Todd booked for a rash challenge

CHANCE (Bermuda 90’) Best opportunity the visitors have had, but Leverock can only fire straight into the arms of Golitin from all of six yards out. Had to score!

• GOAL (French Guiana 90+3’) French Guiana on their way to League A as substitute Joel Sarrucco makes it 3-0.

• FULL TIME French Guiana 3 Bermuda 0

• It’s French Guiana who seal top spot and with it promotion to the top tier of the Nations League for the first time. Bermuda who headed into the crunch clash in pole position, ultimately finish in third place, with St Vincent, who beat relegated Belize 3-0 finishing second.

• Amazingly no team finished in the same position in group C that they started the day in

RELATED TOPICS: BERMUDA FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION
Related Stories
Lightbourne ready to lock horns with former club PHC
Enrique Russell injury concerns put to bed ahead of final
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Tre Ming throws down gauntlet to PHC
62
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or to post comment or to vote.

Published November 21, 2023 at 2:36 pm (Updated November 21, 2023 at 5:37 pm)
Live Blog: French Guiana v Bermuda
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/30/2024
Azores airline halts summer connection to Ponta Delgada
12/31/2024
‘Despicable’ Bambi Pimental jailed for 12 years
01/01/2025
Crowds descend on St George for top-drawer entertainment
12/31/2024
Furbert: TCD changes will give motorists a smoother ride
01/01/2025
January 2024: Justice for Chavelle
12/31/2024
Company hit with $600,000 penalty for regulation failures
12/31/2024
More BermudAir flights hit by delays
12/31/2024
First time on camera: the Bermuda sac spider

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 27 Dec 2024
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/soccer/sport/article/20231121/live-blog-french-guiana-v-bermuda/ 
 ----- 
