 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Monday, Dec 30th 2024 10AM 53°F 
1PM 56°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
San Marino's painful 20-year wait for a win could FINALLY end tonight against Caribbean minnows Saint Kitts and Nevis... as FIFA's bottom-ranked team head in as surprise favourites
San Marino have a big chance to claim a rare victory against Saint Kitts & Nevis 
The European minnows last won a game in 2004 against Liechtenstein 
Ben White will regret turning down England if they go on to win the Euros - Listen to the It's All Kicking Off podcast

By OLI GAMP

PUBLISHED: 10:00 EST, 20 March 2024 | UPDATED: 10:10 EST, 20 March 2024

e-mail
358
shares

3

View comments

San Marino players might have to pinch themselves on Wednesday night ahead of an enormous opportunity to record a first win in 20 years against Saint Kitts and Nevis. 

The European minnows - who are ranked bottom of FIFA's ranking of 210 teams - have been backed as favourites by Sky Bet despite being 63 placed below the Caribbean outfit in FIFA's world rankings.

The tiny nation located near the east coast of Italy are rated at 5/4, while Saint Kitts and Nevis have been given 9/4 odds of consigning San Marino to yet another defeat during the international break. 

Their last taste of victory came against Liechtenstein, but you have to go all the way back to 2004 for that result, which saw them claim a 1-0 win. That was their only win in the country's history.

137 games later and San Marino are still waiting patiently for what would be an incredible moment for their country. 

+
4
View gallery

San Marino are hoping to record their first win in 20 years against Saint Kitts and Nevis 

+
4
View gallery

They are rated as favourites to beat the Caribbean side, despite them being 63 places above them in the rankings 

TRENDING
College football star stomped on by Arkansas player breaks silence
121.4k viewing now
College football fans want player banned after 'disgusting' act
50k viewing now
Former MLB star 'dies at 37 after suffering heart attack'
45.2k viewing now

Across those two decades, they have led for just six minutes - against Malta in 2012 - before losing that particular game 3-2. 

San Marino, many of whose players play football part time, cherishes these little moments, you only have to look at the way they celebrated their first goal in nearly a year against Denmark in October. 

Alessandro Golinucci sent his team-mates into delirium by providing the equaliser with a superb volley to make the score 1-1. 

It led to incredible scenes as he and his team-mates were sent into ecstasy. Golinucci slid along the turf before finding himself at the bottom of a pile of players.

Unfortunately, their joy didn't last as Denmark went on to win the game 2-1 thanks to a strike from Yussuf Poulsen 20 minutes from time. In UEFA competitions alone, it was their first goal for 12 matches. 

+
4
View gallery

The European minnows celebrated their first goal in almost a year against Denmark in October

+
4
View gallery

San Marino have been on the end of some hammerings in recent years - including a 10-0 loss to England in 2021

Before that, San Marino last scored in a 1-1 draw with Saint Lucia on 17 November last year - and even that came in a dramatic 94th minute equaliser from Lorenzo Lazzari.

San Marino have been involved in some heavy defeats in recent memory - notably being demolished 10-0 by England in a World Cup qualifier in November 2021. 

Last year they were on the end of some other hammerings - including a 6-0 loss to Finland and two 4-0 losses to Denmark and Slovenia.

However, recent results have been more encouraging. Since their narrow loss tO Denmark, they have lost 3-1 to Kazakhstan and 2-1 to Finland. 

Their opponents Saint Kitts and Nevis, meanwhile, lost 5-0 to Guadeloupe last time out - which will give San Marino confidence. The game before last saw them draw 0-0 with Saint Lucia before a 1-0 loss to Sint Maarten - who they defeated 3-2 in the previous game.

Italy
FIFA
Share or comment on this article: San Marino's painful 20-year wait for a win could FINALLY end tonight against Caribbean minnows Saint Kitts and Nevis... as FIFA's bottom-ranked team head in as surprise favourites
e-mail
358
shares
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
Who is Mikaela Worley? All you need to know about Jeremy Reaves' wife-to-be after he proposed on the field
Commanders star Jeremy Reaves proposes to girlfriend on the field after helping team reach playoffs
Double celebrations in store 
Tom Brady suffers embarrassing moment live on Fox as NFL legend's mind goes completely blank
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
ADVERTISEMENT
Ex-NFL coach Rex Ryan ripped apart by fans after exposing 'foot fetish' lock screen on ESPN
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
Dave Portnoy destroys Aaron Rodgers and New York Jets over viral video filmed before Buffalo Bills humiliation
College football star stomped on by Arkansas' Fernando Carmona breaks his silence amid calls for rival to be banned
Furious reaction 
Tom Brady shocks NFL viewers with bizarre pronunciation of basic football phrase during Vikings-Packers game
NFL legend Terry Bradshaw shocks fans with Kansas City Chiefs prediction
Chiefs could be first team in NFL history to win a third-straight Super Bowl
ADVERTISEMENT
Matthew Gaudreau's wife Madeline gives birth to baby boy four months after husband's tragic death
Hugo Sotil dead aged 75: Tributes pour in for Barcelona legend and Johan Cruyff's incredible strike partner after passing away with 'health problem'
Former MLB star Juan Jaime 'dies at 37 after suffering heart attack'
Watch the insane moment Vikings star Justin Jefferson produces 'one of the best catches ever' against Packers
Fans left in disbelief 
Jason Whitlock claims Colorado players rented out a strip club TWICE before heavy Alamo Bowl defeat
Bizarre moment Falcons fans celebrate in bar after thinking they'd scored game-winning field goal... but quickly realize their mistake
Former Jets coach Eric Mangini makes shock accusation against Aaron Rodgers
College football fans want Arkansas' Fernando Carmona banned for life after his 'disgusting' act
Real Madrid confirm their January transfer plans - with an impact from Trent Alexander Arnold's free move which is now 'very close to becoming a reality'
Olivia Ponton drops Joe Burrow romance hint with cryptic message before Bengals win
Amid romance speculation 
ADVERTISEMENT
Ja'Marr Chase gives three-word verdict on Joe Burrow after Bengals' huge win over the Broncos
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas
After receiving treatment for a brain tumor earlier this year 
Taylor Swift fans give the same verdict on Travis Kelce's latest date night outfit
Fans of pop superstar are reacting to the festive and swanky outfit he wore
Arsenal legend Jens Lehmann puts £10.7m six-bedroom villa up for sale after his wife found a new younger partner... and neighbours are delighted after he attack...
Imane Khelif, Scottie Scheffler, Simone Biles and more: The most-searched athletes of 2024
ADVERTISEMENT
Travis Kelce gets emotional $120,000 Christmas gift from Chiefs teammates after his $6m home was robbed
Was delighted with it 
Lions QB Jared Goff reveals why he has 'issue' with 49ers' Brock Purdy: 'Got to relax'
Lewis Hamilton's former team-mate slams his 'very strange, inappropriate' fashion choices in the F1 paddock to mark his exit from Mercedes to Ferrari
Shock candidate emerges to be next head coach of New York Jets... despite being out of work for nine years
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
ADVERTISEMENT
Man City January transfer briefing: JACK GAUGHAN reveals the seven players on City's radar, the latest on Jack Grealish and Kyle Walker's futures and what their...
Teddy Bridgewater returns to NFL after coaching high school...  and joins his former team, the Detroit Lions
Video resurfaces of Arkansas' Fernando Carmona 'playing dirty football' amid CJ Baskerville outrage
After fans called for player to be banned for life 
Arne Slot weighs in on Trent Alexander-Arnold's future after Liverpool star appeared to drop a major hint about Real Madrid interest with his goal celebration i...
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
Shocking moment Miami football players brawl on the sideline during Iowa State bowl game
Michael Newberry dead aged 27: Former Newcastle footballer passes away suddenly as 'devastated' club Cliftonville pay tribute
NFL insider reveals where Aaron Rodgers could go if he leaves the Jets
Mike Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Jake Paul defeat
Former Russia international footballer dies, aged 43, fighting in Ukraine - after joining Vladimir Putin's forces to escape 10-year prison sentence for drug smu...
Erling Haaland becomes a dad for the first time after partner Isabel Haugseng Johansen gives birth - as Pep Guardiola accidentally reveals the big news!
'World's sexiest footballer' Alisha Lehmann shows off her football skills on the beach in the Maldives - after jetting off for winter break while boyfriend Doug...
Cricket fans go wild over Isa Guha's commentary in the Boxing Day Test - for a VERY surprising reason
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
Gary Lineker urges Trent Alexander-Arnold to leave Liverpool for Real Madrid, telling the England star that he will 'love it' in Spain
ADVERTISEMENT
Las Vegas Raiders suffer travel nightmare after mechanical issue on their flight
Cowboys-Eagles descends into chaos with three players ejected after wild sideline brawl
Astonishing scenes in dying seconds 
Security guard is caught running away from Eagles-Cowboys sideline brawl that saw three players get ejected
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce take their relationship to the next level with life-changing move
Ex-France star tells Cristiano Ronaldo he 'talks s***' after he doubled down on criticism of Ligue 1 - and claims the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would 'get ea...
RB Leipzig 'fear Tottenham will send Timo Werner BACK' to the Bundesliga club - with the on-loan forward still yet to score for Spurs in the Premier League this...
Marcus Rashford looks glum as he is spotted leaving Man United training in chauffeur-driven £200k Bentley for first time since bombshell interview revealing he ...
Ruben Amorim makes young fan's 'dream come true' with a touching gesture - as Man United's 'humble' boss takes him for a lap around Carrington in his car
Aaron Rodgers reveals he benched himself in latest Jets horror show... after setting dreadful NFL record
Newcastle January transfer briefing: CRAIG HOPE reveals who NUFC are after, what three positions need reinforcements and what will happen to Alexander Isak and ...
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Tyson cozies up to wife Lakiha on romantic St Barths getaway... days after his shock 'depression' reveal
Referee left bloodied after suffering gruesome cut in wild brawl at college football game
Shocking moment Amen Thompson slams Tyler Herro to the floor in Heat-Rockets game before melee breaks out
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
Kevin De Bruyne offers Man City contract update with midfielder allowed to enter talks with foreign clubs from this week
Buyer of Michael Jordan's cut-price $9.5m Chicago mansion revealed
Plans to honor legacy of NBA great after putting him out of misery 
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League hotshot he should make a move for…  CHRIS SUTTON rev...
Jake Paul watches speed skater girlfriend Jutta Leerdam win fourth Dutch sprint title - before they share a kiss in celebration
Man City are in danger of losing ANOTHER young star after Cole Palmer and Morgan Rogers - as Bayer Leverkusen lead the chase with midfielder's contract running ...
Aston Villa reignite interest in £25m Borussia Dortmund star Donyell Malen - as Unai Emery plans up to THREE January additions to put season back on track
ADVERTISEMENT
Magnus Carlsen to REJOIN chess tournament following jeans row as organisers perform shock U-turn after champion was booted out of competition
Revealed: Carabao Cup semi-finals will trial in-stadium VAR announcements by referees next week
Pat McAfee accused of firing off at ESPN rival Stephen A. Smith after Shannon Sharpe hit out at a colleague
Tyreek Hill drops major hint he could be traded to the Los Angeles Chargers
Ex-Mississippi State running back Dontae Walker, who served jail time for drug possession, dead
ESPN staffer dies days before Christmas as emotional colleague fights back the tears during on-air tribute
Staggering amount Beyonce was paid by Netflix to perform at halftime of Ravens-Texans NFL game
For Christmas Day spectacle in Houston
Los Angeles Dodgers World Series hero Teoscar Hernandez agrees $66million deal to return to champions
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Kevin De Bruyne names the Man City star who brought much-needed 'energy' to snap winless run against Leicester - after Pep Guardiola admitted he had been 'unfai...
ADVERTISEMENT
Commanders reach NFL playoffs for first time since 2020 as Jayden Daniels inspires overtime win vs Falcons
Evangelos Marinakis reveals Nottingham Forest's plan for the January transfer window... as Nuno Espirito Santo's side aim for a historic top four finish after f...
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night showdown with Arsenal star's fiancee'
Cam Newton slammed for bold WNBA prediction with fans calling it the 'worst take of 2024'
James Maddison bites back at fan who branded him 'unacceptable' for watching the darts with Tottenham team-mate Brennan Johnson at Ally Pally... just hours afte...
Inside Michael Johnson's athletics revolution: Olympic legend reveals his superplan to challenge tennis and golf... and the two-word mantra epitomising the Amer...
Mo Salah gives update on his contract situation at Liverpool after starring in the Reds' 5-0 thrashing of West Ham
Cricket fans blast Travis Head for his 'very rude' celebration in Boxing Day Test - but there's an innocent explanation
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool PLAYER RATINGS: Who was majestic in Arne Slot's midfield? And which Hammers man was overran and disorientated?
Angry Jaguars fans fly banner over team's stadium with brutal message to owner Shahid Khan
ADVERTISEMENT
Washington Commanders pay tribute to Jimmy Carter after ex-president's death with silence before Atlanta game
EXCLUSIVEAEW's Chris Jericho reveals the only person who can tell him to stop wrestling after 'please retire' chants
There will come a time when he quits  
Peter Wright reveals exactly what he told Luke Humphries after knocking him out of the World Darts Championship - with pair embracing at the Ally Pally after wa...
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus Rashford... and the Euro 2024 star who could save Man City's...
Amad Diallo appears to fire shot at former Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag as he opens up on life at Old Trafford under Ruben Amorim
Neal Maupay aims savage jibe at Everton team-mates after nightmare spell at Goodison Park - before boxing star and Toffees fan Tony Bellew hits back with X-rate...
Australia win one of the greatest Boxing Day Tests ever as Indian star blows up at umpires over VERY controversial dismissal
Katie Boulter wins her first matches since announcing her engagement to Alex de Minaur as she leads Great Britain to victory over Argentina
Tommy Fury's replacement for Misfits Boxing show is revealed after he controversially pulled out of fight with Darren Till
Premier League release statement after Brighton star Joao Pedro incredibly ESCAPES a red card after vicious elbow throw which missed opponent by inches
ADVERTISEMENT
Fans outraged as NBA star Anthony Edwards is fined $100k for using 'soft' curse words in postgame interview
Mohamed Salah reveals the 'funny thing' Virgil van Dijk did in the dressing room before the Egyptian starred in Liverpool's rout over West Ham
Armando Broja reveals Everton made several attempts to sign him as striker vows to help solve his side's goalscoring problems
What has happened to Pete Sampras since he retired and why has he shied away from fame?
Travis Kelce recharges with Taylor Swift in romantic New York trip
After spending his Christmas Day on the football field 
Arsenal fans are convinced a loan star is being recalled after Bukayo Saka's hamstring injury... as private jet lands in London just days after midfielder was d...
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's 'pointless' to stay at the club because he's 'not cu...
NBA icon Isiah Thomas, 63, reveals shock health news
Danica Patrick reveals why she got a back tattoo as she points out easiest way to spot a Republican
Inside Tom Brady's Las Vegas gamble as the NFL icon prepares to take the helm at the Raiders
ADVERTISEMENT
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool: Arne Slot's side close out 2024 with a dominant victory at the London Stadium to extend their lead at the top of the table
Milan sack Paulo Fonseca with a terse 31-word statement after just six months - and announce his replacement just HOURS after brutal sacking
Shocking details emerge about cop who pinned Dolphins player Tyreek Hill to the floor
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Real Madrid confirm their January transfer plans - with an impact from Trent Alexander Arnold's free move...
Revealed: Carabao Cup semi-finals will trial in-stadium VAR announcements by referees next week
Man City January transfer briefing: JACK GAUGHAN reveals the seven players on City's radar, the latest on...
Arsenal legend Jens Lehmann puts £10.7m six-bedroom villa up for sale after his wife found a new younger...
Wayne Rooney is filmed letting a mystery woman into his upmarket rented flat in Devon amid Coleen's concerns...
Former Russia international footballer dies, aged 43, fighting in Ukraine - after joining Vladimir Putin's...
Ad Feature
Chelsea are odds-on favourites to defeat Ipswich Town away from home tonight - while Kieran McKenna's side...
Ex-France star tells Cristiano Ronaldo he 'talks s***' after he doubled down on criticism of Ligue 1 - and...
Gary Lineker urges Trent Alexander-Arnold to leave Liverpool for Real Madrid, telling the England star that...
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus...
Magnus Carlsen to REJOIN chess tournament following jeans row as organisers perform shock U-turn after...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Chelsea team that drew 2-2 with Ipswich in winter 2000?
Lewis Hamilton's former team-mate slams his 'very strange, inappropriate' fashion choices in the F1 paddock...
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League...
Newcastle January transfer briefing: CRAIG HOPE reveals who NUFC are after, what three positions need...
Imane Khelif, Scottie Scheffler, Simone Biles and more: The most-searched athletes of 2024
My team of the year is packed with Boks, a couple of Scots and even one Georgian... but there's no space for...
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property -...
Hugo Sotil dead aged 75: Tributes pour in for Barcelona legend and Johan Cruyff's incredible strike partner...
RB Leipzig 'fear Tottenham will send Timo Werner BACK' to the Bundesliga club - with the on-loan forward...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-13218861/San-Marinos-painful-20-year-wait-win-FINALLY-end-tonight-against-Caribbean-minnows-Saint-Kitts-Nevis-FIFAs-bottom-ranked-team-head-surprise-favourites.html 
 ----- 
