Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Alessandro Golinucci celebrates scoring San Marino’s goal in the Euro 2024 qualifier against Denmark in October, which they lost 2-1. Photograph: Ciancaphoto Studio/Getty Images
San Marino
 This article is more than 9 months old
‘It’s been unimaginable’: San Marino’s 20-year wait for win may soon be over
This article is more than 9 months old

Minnows have one victory in 206 internationals but Wednesday’s fixture, and recent goals, offer hope of a second

Simon Burnton
Tue 19 Mar 2024 17.36 EDT
Share
42

“I
remember it so clearly. What made it really special was that we hadn’t expected it to happen. But there was no big celebration – the simple fact that we got to walk off the pitch after 90 minutes as winners, for the first time, that was the greatest celebration we could have had,” says Simone Bacciocchi . “We didn’t need to have a party. That was more than a football team, not just a group of football players. It was a group of friends, a group of people who had made sacrifices, who had struggled, and had fought together to reach an objective. And that was to play one great game. To have one good result.”

Bacciocchi was 27 when San Marino beat Liechtenstein 1-0 in April 2004, his nation’s first victory in a full international. One month shy of two decades later the Sammarinese are still waiting for their second win. Since the final whistle blew in Serravalle that night San Marino have played 137 games and been ahead for just six minutes, against Malta in August 2012.

The Joy of Six: football ‘houses, ‘housing and ‘housery
Read more

But the dark days could soon be over. On Wednesday and Sunday they play friendlies at home to Saint Kitts & Nevis, who may be ranked a lofty 147th by Fifa (San Marino are in 210th and last place) but have lost seven of their past nine games, most recently 5-0 in Guadeloupe last November. San Marino meanwhile go into the fixtures on a run of scoring in each of their past three matches, an unprecedented achievement, games lost by the slender margins of 2-1, 3-1 and 2-1.

“I’ve no idea what will happen if we win,” says Lorenzo Capicchioni, their 22-year-old midfielder. “It’s been something almost unimaginable, something unachievable, but this time we can definitely do it. Normally we try to keep the score at 0-0 for a long as possible but this will be completely different, because we have to be on the front foot, to try to score. But we showed what we’re capable of against Denmark at home [last October]: we lost 2-1 and we were level with 20 minutes to play and we were pushing at the end to draw the game.”

San Marino beat Liechtenstein 1-0.

Capicchioni made his international debut in 2022, when San Marino played a pair of friendlies against Caribbean opponents in Saint Lucia, drawing one and losing the other. But those games were played away from home, and with a weakened team. “I don’t know Saint Kitts very well, but the coach has showed us a few videos and I assume their level will be roughly the same as Saint Lucia,” he says. “We were missing many members of our starting XI for those games and this time we’ll be at full strength, so I think if we play our best we can do it. I don’t want to jinx us, but we can do it.”

Despite their promising goalscoring run, San Marino have just changed their coach, Roberto Cevoli replacing Fabrizio Costantini. “I have one big regret,” Costantini said on his departure last December. “My father hasn’t been able to come to the stadium in recent years and I would have liked to dedicate to him the victory I know is coming.” Since the team last played Aldo Simoncini, their senior goalkeeper at 37, and his 28-year-old understudy Elia Benedettini have announced their international retirements, the latter saying that despite his age he had been considering the move for some time: “The atmosphere we used to have in the team always stopped me doing it – I would never have walked out on a second family.”

View image in fullscreen
Matteo Vitaioli is mobbed after ending San Marino’s run of 34 away games without a goal in 2015. A stoppage-time winner for Lithuania consigned them to defeat. Photograph: Petras Malūkas/AFP/Getty Images

Capicchioni insists the atmosphere in the squad remains buoyant. “It’s still the same guys, I don’t think much has changed,” he says. “We’re still a good group. Coming from a small country, we really know each other well. When it’s time to play for the national team, we know we have to give something extra to help each other out. So it’s not a simple friendship – you could say that we see each other more as brothers, so we go that extra mile for each other on the pitch. It’s a different spirit. We know that normally we’re weaker than our opponents, so that’s just what we have to do.”

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

With San Marino’s population estimated by the United Nations at 32,960 – about one two-thousandth of the UK – the team’s chances of victory against most opponents will always be slender, and after 206 games their all-time record stands at one win, nine draws and 196 defeats. But despite those bad results and those goals conceded, representing San Marino has never been a chore. Most obviously it allows those selected to play in front of thousands and against superstars: Capicchioni treasures a photograph with Christian Eriksen; Bacchiocchi has memories of marking Zlatan Ibrahimović, Robert Lewandowski and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, and of playing three times at Wembley.

“Every match was a source of so much pride,” Bacciocchi says. “We’re a tiny nation, so obviously we don’t have great players and those who do play have to make sacrifices, so when you play you put your heart into it, you play with the greatest passion. We were players, we were workers, we were just normal people. A kid who works all day and then goes to the stadium to play against professionals, against people who play football for a living, that is something special.

“For that game in 2004 to still be the last win, the only win, that’s not good, but there’s also a pleasure in having been involved in setting an example, and showing that victory is possible. In the last few years there has been so much work, so many things have improved. Now it’s time to turn that effort into victory.”

Explore more on these topics
San Marino
Friendlies
features
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/mar/19/its-been-unimaginable-san-marinos-20-year-wait-for-win-may-soon-be-over 
 ----- 
