Skip to main content
BUY A PAPER
FUNERAL NOTICES
MYNEWSASSISTANT
SHOP
HOROSCOPES
CROSSWORDS
STAR WINS CASINO
OUR PAPER
DISCOUNT CODES
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Sport
Football
Euro 2024
San Marino score in front of 'Never Any Joy' ultras – but can't end 20-year wait for win

San Marino's ultras - the ‘Never Any Joy Brigade’ - cheered their side's record-breaking goal but had to settle for disappointment after failing to end their 20-year drought without a win

SPORT
Kasra Moradi Senior Sports Journalist
08:28, 21 Mar 2024
SAN MARINO, ITALY - MARCH 20: Tyquan Terrell of St. Kitts and Nevis celebrates with team mates after scoring to level the game at 1-1 during the International Friendly match between San Marino and Sinatv Kitts and Nevis at San Marino Stadium on March 20, 2024 in San Marino, Italy. (Photo by Jonathan Moscrop/Getty Images)

San Marino failed to end their 20-year wait for a win despite taking the lead in a friendly fixture.

Ranked the worst international team in FIFA’s rankings, the minnows had lost a staggering 192 of their 201 games before facing Saint Kitts and Nevis. And the microstate, which is landlocked in north-eastern Italy, missed a golden opportunity to win its first match since 2004 on Wednesday.

‌


They took the lead against Saint Kitts, ranked 63 places above them, 21 minutes into the match after Filippo Berardi was fouled inside the box. Berardi tucked his penalty away into the top left hand corner to spark wild scenes in front of the home fans.

READ MORE: 'I'm a Wales Euro 2016 hero - the current crop are even stronger than we were'

READ MORE: Europe's ultimate underdog can qualify for their first international tournament at Euro 2024

‌

Sign up to FREE email alerts from Daily Star Off the Ball
Subscribe

We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you’ve consented to and improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and third parties based on our knowledge of you. More info

Cheering in the stands were San Marino’s ultras - aptly named the ‘Never Any Joy Brigade’ as a nod to their lacklustre showings. The ultras had a few new additions among them and were filmed making themselves heard after making the breakthrough.

But their optimism was ended by Tyquan Terrell levelling the score just ten minutes later. Things got worse when Andre Burley netted the visitors’ second on the stroke of half time, before Harry Panayiotou scored his side’s third in the 49th minute.

‌

WARNING TAKEN FROM X (formally Twitter) CAPTION: San Marino LINK: https://twitter.com/ViaplaySportsUK/status/1770544268836249886?s=20
WARNING TAKEN FROM X (formally Twitter) CAPTION: San Marino LINK: https://twitter.com/ViaplaySportsUK/status/1770544268836249886?s=20

The 3-1 defeat extended La Serenissima’s winless streak to 137 games since they beat Liechtenstein 1-0 to mark their first ever international win. Liechtenstein and Anguilla could both breathe a sigh of relief knowing that their record of 35 games without a win would not become the new holder.

‌


Yet some history was made by the despondent San Marino team, who hail from the fifth-smallest country in the world with a population of just 33,000. Their converted penalty meant they were able to find the net in four consecutive games for the first time ever.

Do you think San Marino will ever win another game? Let us know in the comments section below.

WARNING TAKEN FROM X (formally Twitter) CAPTION: The Sweeper The Brigata Mai 1 Gioia (Never Any Joy Brigade), San Marino’s Ultras who pride themselves on never having seen their team win are here. LINK: https://twitter.com/SweeperPod
Article continues below
WARNING TAKEN FROM X (formally Twitter) CAPTION: The Sweeper The Brigata Mai 1 Gioia (Never Any Joy Brigade), San Marino’s Ultras who pride themselves on never having seen their team win are here. LINK: https://twitter.com/SweeperPod

One of those came against Denmark, who until recently were ranked inside the top 20 nations in the world. And San Marino will have another crack at a long-awaited victory when they face Saint Kitts again on Sunday as part of the double header.

San Marino captain Matteo Vitaioli said before the first fixture: “It would mean to be part of the history of my home country's national team, so it is the ultimate objective. It represents an opportunity to leave a sign, something that cannot be lost. It would be something that in 2050 and beyond would be remembered because there have been so few victories."

READ NEXT
Man Utd target Prem goalkeeper so Ruben Amorim can ditch calamity Andre Onana
Luke Littler could earn £13million windfall 'without needing to throw a dart again'
'I found the perfect winter coat – it keeps you toasty without breaking the bank'
Psychic pig names World Darts Championship winner – and it's not Luke Littler
Marcus Rashford 'had issues' with every ex-Man Utd manager amid Ruben Amorim exclusion
Follow Daily Star:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Looking for the comments?
We're currently working on our commenting system. In the meantime you can still comment from within the app.
Euro 2024
NEWS
FOOTBALL
SHOWBIZ
TV
LIFE & STYLE
SPORT
TECH
TRAVEL
Follow Daily Star on socials:
Contact Us
About Us
Work for us
Discount Codes
Crosswords
Play Star Wins
Beauty Box Subscription
Community Standards
Competition Rules
Cookie Notice
Corrections and Clarifications
How to Complain
Our Brands
Privacy Notice
AI Notice
RSS feeds
Terms and Conditions
Newsletter Signup
Syndication & Licensing
Subscribe to Daily Star and Daily Star On Sunday newspapers
Subscribe to tablet edition
© 2024 a Reach plc subsidiary
Do not sell or share my data
© 2024 a Reach plc subsidiary

At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.

ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailystar.co.uk/sport/football/san-marino-ultras-saint-kitts-32404701 
 ----- 
