Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
THE THIRD ACT
On the court, these seniors and teens bonded over basketball. Does their program hold a clue to curing our epidemic of loneliness?

Young people and older adults are among the loneliest Canadians, but research shows that both benefit by spending time together

Updated March 28, 2024 at 2:35 p.m.
March 19, 2024
3 min read
Save

Senior Rukia Mohamud gets set to throw a basketball as young boys look on during a program held by AFRO (African Family Revival Organization), at Victoria Hills Community Centre in Kitchener.

Nick Kozak
By Maria IqbalStaff Reporter

Rukia Mohamud loves Mondays.

That’s when the 65-year-old joins other seniors and high school students to talk, play basketball, and eat together in a Kitchener community centre. 

Mohamud, who came to Canada in 2001 from Kenya, experienced many losses during the pandemic. Her son died suddenly  in 2020, her husband the following year, and her mother a few months later. 

But despite her pain, her focus is on the positive — like the beloved grandson her deceased son left her, who is now seven. “I say ‘Alhumdulillah,’ (praise be to God)” Mohamud said. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Although she spends a lot of time with her children and grandchildren, the program gives Mohamud joy and a sense of connection. When she is at home, she remembers where she and her husband used to sit and talk. They would always eat together at the table, something she can no longer bear. Instead, Mohamud eats in the living room with a plate in her lap.

But while watching youth play basketball in the gym, “I’m so happy,” she said.

The community centre programs, hosted by African Family Revival Organization (AFRO), offer much needed sanctuary. They’ve become a place where she and youth find connection. 

“I wish every day was Monday,” Mohamud said.

Young people and older adults are among the loneliest Canadians.

Almost a quarter of people aged 15 to 24 always or often felt lonely in 2021, StatCan reports. The same was true for 15 per cent of people aged 25 to 34 and 14 per cent of adults 75-plus. 

However, research shows bringing people together across generations benefits them both, in combating loneliness and more.

Loneliness not only affects our mental health, but our physical health, too. In older adults, it increases the risk of dementia, premature death, stroke, coronary heart disease, and dying from cancer. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Research shows the adverse health effects from loneliness is similar to smoking 15 cigarettes a day.

It’s partly because people who are lonely tend to have higher levels of the stress hormone cortisol and increased inflammation, which can lead to chronic conditions, said Rachel Savage, a scientist at Women’s College Hospital focusing on aging and loneliness. 

During AFRO meetups, high school student Shishay Tinseaw heard the immigration experiences of seniors from East Africa, which helped him value his own chance to increase his education after coming to Canada in 2018. 

“It’s like being with your actual grandparents,” Tinseaw, whose own grandparents are back in Eritrea. “They care about you … and they see our potential.”

The Kitchener resident added that he takes the advice of the seniors more seriously than that of his own parents. 

Tinseaw has gone through his share of isolation, originally struggling with English when he came to Canada, and not feeling like he belonged.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“They build that relationship,” said Mona Loffelmann, AFRO’s founder and executive director.

Most agree that there’s something special about a grandparent’s relationship with their grandchildren. The energy and vibrancy of children brings people joy, some say.

It’s a relationship free of direct obligation, said Laura Tamblyn Watts, CEO of CanAge. 

Seniors and youth spending time together helps improves self-esteem, said Savage. Loneliness makes people think they’re less likeable, she notes, though often their isolation is due to reasons beyond their control.

Spending time with older adults helps younger people have a better outlook on life and aging, and feel like they belong. For seniors, being around young people helps combat the idea that loneliness is simply part of aging.

The connections have impact even when young children are involved. At a music therapy program in five Ontario long-term care homes, children under four were invited to join older residents to sing, play drums, blow bubbles and sway to music together.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

On the days of the jamboree, one resident would wheel themselves over to a window, excitedly watching for parents pulling into the parking lot with their babies, Kate Dupuis, a clinical neuropsychologist who helps carry out the program and assess it.

Being around children elevated their mood, said Dupuis, noting that it could help the residents, who may have dementia or difficulty with nutrition, have easier mealtimes.

The children, too, develop relationships with the seniors and become more comfortable with them. They might bang on a drum together with a senior, or wave to them, or remember their name, she adds. 

Crucially, bringing people together across age groups is one of the ways the World Health Organization recommends combating ageism, since it helps dispel stereotypes. It can also help reduce stigma by increasing awareness about dementia, experts say. 

Contact across age groups also opens doors for trading skills and secrets.

Adeline Warmington, a former nurse who worked in long-term care and retirement homes, had knee surgery a few years ago and needed help. Two young women from AFRO volunteered to help the 74-year-old with personal care and household chores.

Warmington, who is known at AFRO as “Ms. D.,” said she developed a friendship with the students. “I could tell that it was a joy for them to come into my home,” she said, adding she would also ask them about school and offer advice. She hopes their experience caring for her will help them care for others, too.

The youth also got support from their older friends.

Franchesco Eyob, another youth volunteer, one of the seniors helped him make a resume.

“They’re there for us,” he said.

Update - March 20, 2024

This article was updated from a previous version.

Maria Iqbal is a Toronto Star journalist and journalism in aging fellow who is part of The Third Act project, a partnership between the Toronto Star, the National Institute on Ageing (NIA) and Toronto Metropolitan University to produce meaningful stories on aging. Reach her via email: miqbal@thestar.ca or follow her on X: @maria9860

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
LIFE
OPINION
My dad loved the supermarket. He chatted with cashiers, smelled the oranges. My heart broke when I learned why those grocery store trips meant so much to him
8 hrs ago
GTA
EXPLAINER
Highway 407 ETR rate and fee increase for 2025: Here’s what to know
1 hr ago
ALBERTA
Family of 9-year-old Calgary girl who died after car crash ‘crushed’ by the loss
13 hrs ago
WORLD JUNIORS
‘We’re snake-bitten’: Unconvincing Canada gets past Germany 3-0 at world juniors
2 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Jimmy Carter, the 39th U.S. president, has died at 100
23 mins ago
QUEBEC
Authorities change plan to free ship stranded in Quebec
16 hrs ago
LIFE
Farewell to these 10 beloved Toronto restaurants, which shuttered in 2024
2 hrs ago
FEDERAL POLITICS
‘We need new leadership’: Atlantic Liberal caucus calls for Trudeau’s resignation
13 mins ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More News
GTA
Highway 407 ETR drivers will be paying more in 2025: Here’s how much prices are going up
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
GTA
Seven people, including 2 children, sent to hospital after Etobicoke collision
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Toronto food banks grapple with soaring demand as affordability crisis takes bite out of donations
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
GTA
A summer flood sent residents of this Mississauga nursing home fleeing by raft. And that was just the beginning
Article was updated 49 mins ago
Comments
MANITOBA
Heightened security for Manitoba politicians appears to be a sign of the times
6 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/on-the-court-these-seniors-and-teens-bonded-over-basketball-does-their-program-hold-a/article_988369f0-db36-11ee-8c6c-4f118c812d41.html 
 ----- 
