Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Padres News: Fernando Tatis Jr Reacts to Joining '25-25' Club for Second Time in Career
Tatis in a class of his own in Padres history
Lucas Gordon | Sep 16, 2023
Padres News: Fernando Tatis Jr Reacts to Joining '25-25' Club for Second Time in Career /
In this story:
San Diego Padres

Everyone already knows that Fernando Tatis Jr. is one of the biggest stars in the game of baseball. His flashiness on the field combined with his raw talent makes him a fan favorite throughout the league. 

Now, he is continuing to prove why he's one of the best in the game as he put his name in an exclusive club for the second time in his career. 

On Friday, Tatis hit his 25th home run of the season. This long ball put him in the 25/25 club which includes stolen bases. On the season, the Padres right fielder has swiped 26 bags. 

When he reached that unprecedented achievement for the first time in 2018, he was the third Padres player to ever record those stats in the same season. Only Wil Meyers in 2016 and Reggie Sanders in 1999 have recorded a 25 home run and 25 stolen base season.

Tatis is now the first Padre to do it twice. 

“It does mean a lot,” said Tatis. "You can’t take that for granted. A lot of hard work behind it. A lot of stress, a lot of body pain but definitely worth it and definitely happy for that — not just for myself, but every single person that has had my back. Being able to impact the game on both edges, on the most critical edges, it’s just rewarding … being able to contribute to the team in different ways.” (Via San Diego Union Tribune)

People shouldn't expect this to be the last time Tatis is able to achieve this feat. The 24-year-old was able to achieve this in only 127 games. 

Published Sep 16, 2023
LUCAS GORDON

Lucas is entering his senior year at Arizona State University pursuing a degree in sports journalism. Despite growing up in Las Vegas, he roots for most Los Angeles area teams.

Follow lucas_gordon20

Home
/
San Diego Padres News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/padres/news/padres-news-fernando-tatis-jr-reacts-to-joining-25-25-club-for-second-time-in-career-lucasg 
 ----- 
