Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Knuckleballer does something not seen in MLB since 2018
Share
Knuckleballer does something not seen in MLB since 2018
Waldron picks up the win, ending drought of flutter-ball pitchers
September 17th, 2023

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

0:00

1:58

OAKLAND -- It’s 2023, and the knuckleball still plays in the big leagues.

Matt Waldron and the Padres beat the A’s, 5-2, on Saturday afternoon at the Oakland Coliseum. It was a fairly straightforward victory -- one team trying desperately to stave off elimination from playoff contention, over another team long since eliminated.

• Game Story: Padres pad lead on wacky throwing error ▶️

Still, this wasn’t just any Padres victory. This was Waldron’s victory -- the first in the career of the 26-year-old right-hander. And it had been a while since the last time a knuckleballer earned a win in a big league ballgame. Nearly five years, to be exact.

Waldron pitched 5 1/3 innings of two-run ball, using his knuckleball-heavy mix to induce plenty of weak contact. In the process, he became the first pitcher to use a knuckler to win a game since Steven Wright did so for Boston on Sept. 20, 2018.

“It feels pretty special,” said Waldron. “I do wish it happened sooner. I wish I’d executed a little earlier [in the season]. But it feels great, and I feel a little more part of it. I feel like I contributed, and that’s what feels good.”

No, Waldron is not your typical knuckleballer. Past knuckleballers like, say, R.A. Dickey and Tim Wakefield threw the pitch almost exclusively. They also generally threw it with less velocity than Waldron’s 76.2 mph average on Saturday.

Still, the pitch has the same effect. It flutters and dives, and opposing hitters have a hard time figuring out where it’ll move next. Waldron threw 34 of them, and no Oakland hitter managed to square it up at harder than 84 mph off the bat, per Statcast.

“It’s become a really good pitch for him,” said Padres manager Bob Melvin. “It makes his fastball better. It makes his breaking ball better. It’s a pitch that he’s throwing enough now where you have to look for it a little bit, so it’s making everything a little bit better.”

Waldron began throwing the knuckleball as a kid, mostly for fun in the backyard because he and his twin brother liked the way the pitch moved in video games. He toyed with it for years, from high school ball, to college at Nebraska to his time in the Cleveland system. 

After he was traded to San Diego -- as a player to be named in the Mike Clevinger deal --  the Padres noticed him throwing the pitch on a bullpen mound on a Spring Training back field. They asked him to throw a few more in front of their tracking system. They liked the metrics. They liked the movement. They asked him to start throwing it in games.

That said, Waldron never ditched the rest of his arsenal, like most knuckleballers. Quite the opposite. He thinks his knuckleball makes the rest of his offerings play up. When a hitter is wary of the knuckleball, it makes his 91 mph heat appear harder. It makes the break on his slider and cutter more unexpected.

“I think the better the knuckleball is, the more it amplifies my other stuff,” Waldron said recently. “It opens up some more avenues.”

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Pipeline Inbox: How Salas' bat could get back on an elite track

January 10th, 2025

Waldron aims to 'get over that hump' for playoff push

August 22nd, 2024

San Diego ... Twins? Padres boast 3 sets of twin brothers

August 19th, 2024

Waldron comes full circle with stellar start in Cleveland

July 20th, 2024

On Saturday, the Padres staked Waldron to an early lead with two runs in the first inning. Fernando Tatis Jr. provided the spark with a double, before Juan Soto knocked in a run with a sacrifice fly and Xander Bogaerts followed with an RBI single. Waldron had his lead and made sure it held up.

The Padres, of course, are without Yu Darvish and Joe Musgrove, who are both out for the season with injuries. Their absence cleared a place in the rotation for Waldron, who can make an early case for a 2024 roster spot with a strong performance down the stretch.

Prior to Saturday, Waldron had mostly struggled, posting a 5.55 ERA across five outings. But after an outing like this one, it was easy to envision Waldron’s efficiency and his use of the knuckleball in making him a prime candidate to devour innings next season in a role as a long reliever/swingman. For now, Waldron is merely trying to make the most of the chance he has been afforded.

“It’s been special,” Waldron said. “Of course I’m going to try and stay present. But I see it as an opportunity, and I want to try and really capitalize on it. It’s a really tough league, a tough game at this level. I’m just finding stuff to build on and progress.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Matt Waldron

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/knuckleballer-matt-waldron-earns-first-win 
 ----- 
