MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Carig: Is Shohei Ohtani done with the Angels? For the good of the sport, let’s hope so
By Marc Carig
Sep 16, 2023

463

The end of a curious era arrived Friday night in a clubhouse in Anaheim, with a lousy team playing out the string of yet another lost season, as the belongings of the best player to ever have donned a Los Angeles Angels uniform were packed up. All that was left by the conclusion of the evening was a mostly empty locker and a packed duffel.

No ceremonial sendoff. No expressions of gratitude. Just a tender oblique and a good old-fashioned Gen Z ghosting.

How appropriate. Now the credits roll on a baseball travesty.

Shohei Ohtani deserved better. The game deserved better. Both deserved the promise that arose years ago on the two-way star’s first day in uniform, when the Angels hailed his arrival as a historic day that would vault them back to the World Series. On that day, Ohtani demurred when compared to Babe Ruth, while also revealing the mechanism that undergirds his greatness: “I think today actually is the real starting point for me, and I just want to get as close to him as possible.”

Ohtani wasn’t joking: He started gaining on the Bambino and never stopped getting closer, elbow surgery be damned. The problem, of course, is that he was working for jokers. And once more, the world was reminded that singular excellence is no match for collective mediocrity.

The Angels sabotaged the whole thing, ensuring that Ohtani would never experience a winning season, much less grace the October stage. They did this through general mismanagement and their own brand of incompetence. Those sins endured despite their churn of managers and front-office regimes, only further reinforcing that the full credit for this failure falls at the feet of the constant throughout it all: the owner, Arte Moreno.

All of this bubbled to the surface over these past four months, when Moreno emptied the farm system, only for the Angels to tumble out of the race, which was hastened by the arm fatigue that turned out to be a torn UCL for Ohtani. Then came the hasty decision to cut their losses with an unprecedented player giveaway. For the shameless, the waiver shenanigans were incredibly savvy. For everyone else, they were incredibly demeaning.

All of which led to a cleaned-out locker and a packed bag and so much promise unfulfilled.

That scene punctuated what has been an unrelenting wave of missteps, which taken together paint the picture of an organization in disarray.

It might be an oversimplification to say that the Angels squandered having two generational stars in Ohtani and Mike Trout, especially since their primes weren’t exactly concurrent. That said, there are some franchises that are still waiting to employ their first such supernova. What remains stunning in all of this is the level of waste. The Angels have succeeded like nobody else in doing so little with so much.

Sound organizations create a plan and then follow it. These Angels, not so much. A throughline can be drawn from Albert Pujols to Anthony Rendon, with Ohtani and Trout’s extension in between. What’s clear is that all of these big-ticket transactions weren’t part of some grand plan. Rather, they were the product of a billionaire collecting baubles, just faces to slap on a billboard.

For Ohtani, free agency beckons, and for anyone who cares about the greater good of the game, the preferred outcome is obvious. Ohtani must end up anywhere except where he started, a very expensive, very frustrating baseball backwater.

What a shame. Orange County has hosted the Angels for decades. The area boasts a deep baseball tradition and the fan base is loyal. They were smart enough to appreciate what Ohtani is: a once-in-a-lifetime talent.

If only the Angels could have followed suit.

Securing Ohtani came with a much bigger obligation than simply making sure his paychecks arrived on time. It demanded that the organization do everything in its power to shed its reputation for buffoonery. Instead, the Angels have managed to never make the playoffs with Ohtani. They also never came particularly close.

Remarkably, all that losing is no guarantee of losing Ohtani. The Angels have shown that they’ll pay. They’ve also shown that they’re content to let Team Ohtani call the shots. This kind of autonomy is far from guaranteed elsewhere — and Team Ohtani knows that with the Angels it would remain part of any future arrangement. The franchise also knows that its relevance outside of its home base is tied to its association with Ohtani.

There should be a chance for Angels fans to say goodbye, just in case. On Saturday, GM Perry Minasian said even though Ohtani’s oblique injury would end his season — and even though he’d soon undergo some kind of procedure on his injured elbow — he would be around for the team’s final homestand. Minasian reiterated that the Angels will pursue Ohtani in free agency. Makes sense.

But the best outcome is that the superstar resists any temptation to stay. Because at this point, given his employer’s persistent lack of imagination and foresight, the Angels would be doing a public service by just telling him to go. It would be foolish to expect this kind of benevolence, of course, though there’s no harm in hoping.

Because this much is indisputable — the best chance of the game’s most transcendent player reaching its biggest stage is by taking that packed duffel bag in front of his empty locker and making sure that it gets shipped elsewhere.

The Angels are unfit for Shohei Ohtani, and there’s zero evidence to suggest that it will change any time soon.

(Photo: Tim Nwachukwu / Getty Images)

Marc Carig is the senior managing editor for The Athletic's MLB desk. Before moving to national MLB coverage in 2019, he spent the previous 11 seasons covering the Orioles (’08), Mets (’12-’17) and Yankees (’09-’12, ’18). His work has appeared in Baseball Prospectus, the Newark Star-Ledger, Newsday, the Boston Globe and the Washington Post. Follow Marc on Twitter @MarcCarig

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4868952/2023/09/16/shohei-ohtani-done-with-angels/ 
 ----- 
