MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Adam Jones officially retires, passes torch to Orioles’ new generation of players
By Brittany Ghiroli
Sep 16, 2023

31

BALTIMORE — Before there was Adley, Gunnar, Grayson and Heston there was Matt, Nick, Manny and Adam. Wieters, Markakis, Machado and Jones were names synonymous with Baltimore baseball for the better part of a decade, including a five-year stretch where the Orioles went from bottom dweller to the playoffs three times and won the American League East in 2014.

Wieters was like Rutschman, the highly-touted catcher whose debut was damn near a Baltimore holiday. Markakis was the quiet, hard-nosed player who set the tone for guys to play hard and play every day. Machado was the hotshot rookie, a talent brought up late in the season — not unlike Heston Kjerstad — to help the team’s first playoff push in years.

And Jones? He became the heartbeat, the outspoken leader who wasn’t drafted by the Orioles like the other three. He was traded from the Seattle Mariners in a 2008 deal for starter Erik Bedard that would later go down as an O’s coup.

Jones was the guy for 11 years who was by his locker after every tough loss, who spoke his mind and voiced his frustrations and watched Markakis and Wieters leave and saw the Orioles trade Machado. Even with the team dismantled, Jones still blocked a trade to the Philadelphia Phillies in 2018, his final season with the Orioles. (It was a decision that splintered relations with ownership.) He wanted to stay in Baltimore. Given a choice, Jones — who signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks the following season — always wanted to stay. He wasn’t a Diamondback or an Orix Buffalo, the Nippon Professional Baseball team in Japan where he finished out his career. Jones belonged in the black-and-orange, in a place that loved him, understood him and idolized him.

“He’s an adopted son in a lot of ways for the city,” said executive vice president of baseball operations Mike Elias, who signed Jones to a one-day contract on Friday so he could officially retire as an Oriole. “He chose to be here.”

Jones peppered jokes into his always poignant candor in speaking to the media on Friday: how he still doesn’t like Berger cookies and understands that Elias is a busy man who doesn’t have time to do things like, ahem, come on Jones’ podcast. (He also made it clear that his work for the commissioner’s office still leaves him contractually open to work for a team, if anyone should come calling.) Jones ran out from center field with his two sons August and Axel, stopping midway to catch his breath and a laugh amid thunderous applause from a soldout crowd on its feet.

But when it got serious, you could tell how much this moment mattered to Jones, who along with his wife, Audie, poured money into building Boys & Girls Clubs and YMCA’s. He was so integral to the city that Baltimore’s Mayor Brandon Scott officially declared Friday Adam Jones Day.

Jones’ legacy isn’t just baseball, but don’t think Jones doesn’t notice every fan who is wearing No. 10. His brother-in-law, who lives in the area, still texts him photos of Jones’ jersey around town.

“My final time putting on a jersey will be here,” Jones said. “I’m forever grateful for what Baltimore has taught me. And I’m just glad I will always be welcomed in this city. People here appreciated the way I carried myself, played the game and gave back.”

And not just with the fans. Jones’ ceremony brought a dozen former Orioles players and staff back to Camden Yards, including Markakis — who caught Jones’ first pitch — Chris Davis, Darren O’Day, Tommy Hunter, Wei-Yin Chen and Mychal Givens. Others — including Wieters, Trey Mancini, Ryan Flaherty and J.J. Hardy — offered congratulations in a video compilation that also featured Jones’ good friend CC Sabathia.

A five-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover in Baltimore, Jones ranks first in Oriole Park history in games played, hits, home runs, doubles, at-bats, runs, total bases, RBIs and extra-base hits. He was named Most Valuable Oriole thrice and amassed a 32.6 WAR over 14 big-league seasons.

For many fans, Jones and the Orioles players who stood along the home dugout to honor him represented a return to prominence for a downtrodden franchise that hadn’t had a playoff berth since 1997. They played with grit and an us-against-the-world mentality, especially in 2012, when perhaps no one outside of Baltimore believed the Orioles were for real. Eleven years later, another gutsy team is turning heads in Baltimore, fighting to win the American League East when no one expected them to.

“It’s perfect,” Elias said of the timing of Jones’ retirement, amid a sellout first-place battle between the Orioles and Rays with a playoff-like atmosphere. “Somebody who had a tremendous career, someone who was the face of the last great era of Orioles baseball and I’m very confident in saying we are into another one, so to have him here for that is so important.”

(Photo of Adam Jones with his sons: Scott Taetsch / USA Today)

Brittany Ghiroli is a senior writer for The Athletic covering MLB. She spent two years on the Washington Nationals beat for The Athletic and, before that, a decade with MLB.com, including nine years on the Orioles beat and brief stints in Tampa Bay (’08) and New York (’09). She was Baltimore Magazine’s “Best Reporter” in 2014 and D.C. Sportswriter of the Year in 2019. She’s a proud Michigan State graduate. Follow Brittany on Twitter @Britt_Ghiroli

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4867504/2023/09/15/orioles-adam-jones-retires/ 
 ----- 
