Free Press Journal
e-Paper
Get App
HOME
MUMBAI NEWS
FPJ SHORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
GAMES
FEATURES
INDIA
SPORTS
VIRAL
EDUCATION
Home
Sports
Did You Know Afghanistan Trained In India For T20 World Cup? How BCCI's Played A Massive Role In Rise Of AFG Cricket
Did You Know Afghanistan Trained In India For T20 World Cup? How BCCI's Played A Massive Role In Rise Of AFG Cricket
The world’s richest, powerful and most influential cricket board, the BCCI, has been steadfast in its support of the Afghanistan cricket team by offering its facilities since way back in 2015.
Haridev PushparajUpdated: Tuesday, June 25, 2024, 06:26 PM IST

As the world celebrates Afghanistan’s incredible run at the T20 World Cup 2024 and their sensational qualification to the semifinals for the first time ever, it’s time to remember the efforts put in by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in the journey of the Afghans’ success.

The world’s richest, powerful and most influential cricket board has been steadfast in its support of the Afghanistan cricket team by offering its facilities since way back in 2015.

For a team that attained ICC full-member status in 2017, to elevate their game and competitiveness to such an extent that they consign the likes of New Zealand and Australia to defeats and storm into a World Cup semifinal is truly an awe-inspiring moment.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by The Free Press Journal (@freepressjournal)

Read Also
Video: Rahmanullah Gurbaz Breaks Down After Afghanistan Beat Bangladesh To Seal Semi-Final Berth In...

BCCI's Pivotal

FPJ Shorts
Elon Musk Gets Praise From Police For Help In Cybertruck Explosion Investigation
Reunion OTT Release Date: Know About Plot, Characters, Where To Watch
Upasana Singh Reveals South Director Invited Her To Hotel At Night: 'Didn't Leave My Room For 7 Days, Would Cry Nonstop'
ISL 2024-25 Transfer News: Mumbai City FC Sign Kerala Blasters Defender Prabir Das On Loan For Rest Of The Season

The BCCI had sown the seeds of Afghanistan’s journey by allowing them to use Greater Noida as its base in 2015 with the Shaheed Vijay Singh Pathik Sports Ground becoming their ‘home ground’.

The Afghans played an international series against Ireland on that very ground after shifting their base from Sharjah to Noida, thanks to the large-heartedness of the BCCI.

Noida has not been the only ground where Afghanistan have hosted international series. They played Bangladesh in an international series in Dehradun and also Ireland again in 2019.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by The Free Press Journal (@freepressjournal)

Read Also
Taliban Foreign Minister Congratulates Rashid Khan On Video Call After Afghanistan Reach Maiden T20...

Expertise & Mentorship

What the BCCI did was provide them with the requisite platform and infrastructure to excel at the world level but the cricketing acumen and knowhow which they received from former Indian players who coached them has been invaluable.

Be it Lalchand Rajput, Manoj Prabhakar or even Ajay Jadeja, who was with them as recently as the 2013 ODI World Cup held in India.

Jadeja had invited the batting legend Sachin Tendulkar to the Wankhede Stadium on the eve of their World Cup match against Australia and surely those moments with the maestro would have certainly helped the Afghans pick up a thing or two about excelling at the highest level.

Jadeja had even refused to take any remuneration as per the Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) chairman’s own admission for his services rendered.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by The Free Press Journal (@freepressjournal)

Read Also
Video: Comedy Of Errors As Bangladesh Miss Easy Run-Out In T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 Match vs...

Impact of IPL

Need we say more about what the Indian Premier League (IPL), again a BCCI initiative, has done to the lives of the Afghanistan players and not just their cricketing ability.

With a bunch of Afghanistan players playing their trade in the world’s richest and most sought-after cricket league, it has done a world of good to their confidence, ability and skillsets mingling with the best of the best in international cricket.

The Afghan players and fans would be dancing away to peppy numbers after their epic semifinal qualification but they would surely remember the contribution of BCCI and India in their development as a cricketing nation on the rise.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by The Free Press Journal (@freepressjournal)

Follow us on
RECENT STORIES
ISL 2024-25 Transfer News: Mumbai City FC Sign Kerala Blasters Defender Prabir Das On Loan For Rest...
Shubman Gill's Parents Spotted At Team India's Net Session Ahead Of Sydney Test; Video
AUS vs IND, 5th Test: When & Where To Watch As Team India Aim To Draw Parity?
Rohit Sharma To Be ‘Rested’ For Sydney Test, Jasprit Bumrah to Lead Team India: Report
Sam Konstas Wears Sneakers During Meet With PM Anthony Albanese; Usman Khawaja Shares Story On His...
Free Press Journal
Analysis
City News
Mumbai News
Indore News
Bhopal News
Delhi News
Education
Entertainment News
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Movie Reviews
Movie Trailers
Regional Film News
Television News
BrandSutra
Corporate Gallery
FPJ initiative
Horoscope
Legal
Science
Spirituality
Sports
Cricket News
Footall
Lifestyle
Health
Travel
Food
Top News
Photo Gallery
Tech News
Videos
Viral News
Weekend News
Press Release
About Us
Editorial Policy
Careers
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
RSS
© The Free Press Journal
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.freepressjournal.in/sports/did-you-know-afghanistan-trained-in-india-for-t20-world-cup-how-bccis-played-a-massive-role-in-rise-of-afg-cricket 
 ----- 
