Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
1:26
'Quite devastating': Arnold reflects on South Korea's extra-time win against Australia – video
Asian Cup
 This article is more than 10 months old
More Asian Cup heartbreak for Australia as Son Heung-min fires extra-time winner
This article is more than 10 months old
Heroic Socceroos concede equalising penalty in added time
Spurs star then scored winner to seal quarter-final 2-1
Martin Farrer
Fri 2 Feb 2024 14.08 EST
Share
140

For 94 minutes Australia looked like they were going to upset the odds and progress to the semi-finals of the Asian Cup at the expense of South Korea’s star-studded team.

But despite leading for much of the game through Craig Goodwin’s brilliant first-half volley, two moments of inspiration from Korea’s star man – Son Heung-min – saw the Socceroos eliminated 2-1 in Doha in the cruellest of circumstances.

Socceroos goalkeeper Joe Gauci joins Aston Villa in record-breaking Australian transfer deal
Read more

Son, whose career has been revitalised at Tottenham Hotspur by former Socceroos boss Ange Postecoglu, had been kept quiet for much of the game.

View image in fullscreen
Son Heung-min of South Korea celebrates his goal with Hwang Hee-chan. Photograph: Robert Cianflone/Getty Images

Then, with only three minutes of added time remaining and his team trailing 1-0, Son turned Harry Souttar and was brought down by a needless challenge in the box by the substitute, Lewis Miller. Another Premier League player, Hwang Hee-chan of Wolves, converted the penalty and Korea had a lifeline they scarcely deserved.

Son wasn’t done though. After the hapless Miller fouled Hwang on the edge of the box in the first period of extra time, Son belted in an excellent free kick and his team will face Jordan in the semi-finals after they beat Tajikistan 1-0.

Goal for Australia!

Australia take the lead! A perfect volley from Craig Goodwin

🇦🇺 0-0 🇰🇷#AUSvKOR #Socceroos #AsianCup2023       #DifferentBreed pic.twitter.com/68iPGTmulZ

— Danish (@kohkun654) February 2, 2024

Aiden O’Neill was then sent off for a crunching challenge on Hwang with his initial yellow card upgraded to a straight red after a VAR referral. Australia, already struggling to hang on after a magnificent rearguard performance in the second half of normal time, were cooked.

It was a tough way to lose and follows an agonising exit at the same stage against the United Arab Emirates in the 2019 edition of the tournament.

“It’s quite devastating, quite emotional for the players and staff how we finished the game. We played well for the first 90 minutes till we conceded the penalty,” coach Graham Arnold said.

View image in fullscreen
Mitch Duke goes close for Australia. Photograph: Giuseppe Cacace/AFP/Getty Images

“South Korea’s players play in top leagues with a fast tempo and they can keep it up. They’re playing for teams like Tottenham, Wolves – they can run the legs off teams and punish us in the end.”

Although Australia had been on the backfoot for much of the second half and conceded a lot of possession, they fashioned the best chances of the actual 90 minutes.

They will rue the chances they spurned, especially two that fell to Mitch Duke, who along with Goodwin, started the match after returning from injury via the bench against Indonesia.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Australia Sport

Free newsletter

Get a daily roundup of the latest sports news, features and comment from our Australian sports desk

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Hwang tapped home in the 32nd minute but it was ruled offside and Australia took the lead 10 minutes later.

Goodwin pounced on a loose pass then worked the ball to Duke, who found Connor Metcalfe, who slipped through Nathaniel Atkinson out wide.

Atkinson lofted the ball to the back post where Goodwin drilled a skidding volley home.

Harry Souttar was booked just before halftime after catching Cho Gue-sung high and would have missed the semi-final through suspension had Australia progressed.

In the 53rd minute, Jo Hyeon-woo saved a seemingly goal-bound header from Martin Boyle, then his follow-up shot, before Duke hooked the rebound over the bar.

Then, in the 84th minute, Bos lofted the ball across goal to Duke, but he turned his diving far post header wide.

Australian Associated Press also contributed to this report.

Explore more on these topics
Asian Cup
Australia
South Korea
Australia sport
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/feb/02/australia-south-korea-asian-cup-2024-quarter-final-match-report 
 ----- 
