SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Socceroos left to reflect on 'devastating' Asian Cup exit following 2-1 loss to South Korea

Topic:
Soccer

Fri 2 Feb
Friday 2 February

Graham Arnold embraces Aziz Behich after the Socceroos were eliminated from the Asian Cup. (Getty Images: Lintao Zhang)

abc.net.au/news/asian-cup-socceroos-lose-2-1-to-south-korea-quarterfinal/103423044
Link copied
Share article
In short:
The Socceroos were ahead 1-0 before South Korea fought back to win via extra timeSocceroos defender Lewis Miller was involved in both incidents that led to South Korea's two goals
What's next?
South Korea plays Jordan in the semifinals

Socceroos coach Graham Arnold says his squad is shattered after relinquishing a lead in their 2-1 extra-time loss to South Korea in the Asian Cup quarterfinals.

The Socceroos were seemingly on the verge of victory when they led 1-0 late in stoppage time at Al Janoub Stadium in Qatar, before South Korea equalised with a penalty.

Hwang Hee-chan scored from the spot after substitute Socceroos defender Lewis Miller gave away the penalty following a poorly-timed tackle on South Korea captain Son Heung-min.

Socceroos knocked out of Asian Cup by South Korea
Photo shows Soccer players wearing yellow and green sit in the grass while a player in red walks away after a game

They were minutes away from a heroic win in Qatar, but a South Korean comeback saw Australia tumble out of the Asian Cup at the quarterfinal stage.

During extra time, Miller was at fault again when he brought down Hwang on the edge of the area, with Son nailing a free kick into the top corner to give South Korea its winning lead.

The Socceroos ran out of time to force penalties, with their cause not helped by Aiden O'Neill being shown a red card after he caught Hwang with his studs.

"It's quite devastating, quite emotional for the players and staff how we finished the game," Arnold said after the match.

"We played well for the first 90 minutes until we conceded the penalty."

Arnold said South Korea's class told in the key moments of the match, with the two-time Asian Cup champions helped by the experience of English Premier League players Son (Tottenham) and Hwang (Wolverhampton).

"South Korea's players play in top leagues with a fast tempo and they can keep it up. They're playing for teams like Tottenham, Wolves.

"They can run the legs off teams and they punished us in the end."

Arnold said Miller could not be blamed for the Socceroos' loss.

"I put my arm around him and gave him a hug and told him that these things are lessons in life and you learn from these type of things and you move forward," Arnold said.

Lewis Miller (right) is consoled by Socceroos teammate Harry Souttar. (Getty Images: Zhizhao Wu)

Defender Aziz Behich said he and his teammates would throw their arms around Miller.

"We've all been on the end of these types of things, moments in football. I've had one myself against Japan where the ball ricocheted off me into our own goal and we lost the game," Behich said.

"So it's a part of football. If you don't hit these rock bottoms, it doesn't make you stronger. We'll put our arms around him.

"He's a great lad and also he's going to be a great player. He's still young, he's in the early stages of his career. He's doing well overseas in Scotland.

"It's also about the nation staying behind these young players because they're the next generation and they're the ones that are gonna move us forward."

Son Heung-min (left) and Hwang Hee-chan rose to the occasion in South Korea's victory. (Getty Images: Robert Cianflone)

The Socceroos were the first on the scoreboard when Craig Goodwin found the back of the net in the 42nd minute.

It forced South Korea to play catch-up, but coach Jürgen Klinsmann said he had full confidence his squad could get on top of the Socceroos.

"Obviously it was another drama, we're extremely happy and thrilled to go through," Klinsmann said.

"It was a hard fight with Australia, we expected it. But to go 120 minutes again, I'm proud of this team and their spirit."

It is the second consecutive Asian Cup in which the Socceroos have exited in the quarterfinals.

South Korea will face Jordan in Wednesday morning's (AEDT) semifinal.

ABC/AAP

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 2 Feb 2024 at 9:38pm
Friday 2 Feb 2024 at 9:38pm
Related stories

Topic:
Sport

Socceroos lose to South Korea in extra time of quarterfinal to be eliminated from Asian Cup
Photo shows Soccer players wearing yellow and green sit in the grass while a player in red walks away after a game
Related topics

Qatar

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Photo shows Kingaroy rain
Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Just In
Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

51m ago
51 minutes ago
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

2h ago
2 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

3h ago
3 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-02-03/asian-cup-socceroos-lose-2-1-to-south-korea-quarterfinal/103423044 
 ----- 
