SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Lewis Hamilton signs with Ferrari for 2025 F1 season

By Michael Doyle

Topic:
Sport

Thu 1 Feb
Thursday 1 February

Lewis Hamilton will leave Mercedes after 12 seasons, joining Ferrari in 2025. (NurPhoto via Getty Images:  Beata Zawrzel)

abc.net.au/news/lewis-hamilton-signs-with-ferrari-for-2025-f1-season/103417506
Link copied
Share article

Lewis Hamilton will complete arguably the most sensational team switch in Formula 1 history at the end of the season, leaving Mercedes to sign with Ferrari.

Hamilton, who has won six of his seven F1 drivers' championships with Mercedes, signed an extension through to 2025 with Mercedes during the middle of last season.

However, a clause to leave the team at the end of 2024 has been invoked, with the all-time leader in race wins, podiums and pole positions making the move to the famed Italian team based in Maranello.

Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS F1 Team and Lewis Hamilton will part ways at the end of the 2024 season. Lewis has activated a release option in the contract announced last year.

— Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS F1 Team (@MercedesAMGF1) February 1, 2024

"I have had an amazing 11 years with this team and I'm so proud of what we have achieved together," Hamilton said.

"Mercedes has been part of my life since I was 13 years old.

"It's a place where I have grown up, so making the decision to leave was one of the hardest decisions I have ever had to make.

"But the time is right for me to take this step and I'm excited to be taking on a new challenge."

Why Mercedes is the greatest
Photo shows Two men, arm in arm, raise their arms in celebration.

Mercedes have been the pinnacle of Formula 1 for eight years and it is now time we recognise them as the greatest team in sports, writes Michael Doyle. 

Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said in a statement he knew the partnership with Hamilton would one day end, praising the Briton as "an important part of Mercedes motorsport history".

"In terms of a team-driver pairing, our relationship with Lewis has become the most successful the sport has seen, and that's something we can look back on with pride," Wolff said.

"We accept Lewis's decision to seek a fresh challenge, and our opportunities for the future are exciting to contemplate. But for now, we still have one season to go, and we are focused on going racing to deliver a strong 2024."

Hamilton will be paired with Charles Leclerc, meaning Spaniard Carlos Sainz will make way for the British star.

Hamilton moved to Mercedes in 2013 after racing for McLaren in his first six F1 seasons. 

At the time, Mercedes had recently joined F1 as a works team, and Hamilton's signing was a signal of its intent to challenge the dominance Red Bull had enjoyed with Sebastian Vettel.

From 2014 to 2020, Hamilton would win all but one drivers' championship, finishing second in 2016 to teammate Nico Rosberg.

Mercedes won a record eight consecutive constructors' championships from 2014 to 2021, with their streak ended by Red Bull, spearheaded by Max Verstappen.

Ferrari has not won a championship since the 2008 season when it secured the constructors' title in a tight battle with McLaren.

Hamilton, then driving for McLaren, beat Ferrari's Felipe Massa by one point in the 2008 drivers' championship.

Kimi Räikkönen's drivers' championship in 2007 was the last time a Ferrari driver won that title.

Hamilton is level with Michael Schumacher for the most drivers' championships, with seven.

He controversially missed out on an eighth title in 2021 when he was passed by Max Verstappen on the final lap of the season finale in Abu Dhabi.

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 1 Feb 2024 at 7:45pm
Thursday 1 Feb 2024 at 7:45pm
, updated Thu 1 Feb 2024 at 9:57pm
Thursday 1 Feb 2024 at 9:57pm
Related topics

England

Formula 1

Italy

Motor Sports

Sport

Top Stories
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Photo shows Kingaroy rain
Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Just In
Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

50m ago
50 minutes ago
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

2h ago
2 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

3h ago
3 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-02-02/lewis-hamilton-signs-with-ferrari-for-2025-f1-season/103417506 
 ----- 
