Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jimmy Carter dies
Norovirus outbreak
Kenny Pickett
Halifax plane incident
US tornadoes
WORLD NEWS
India begins to flex its naval power as competition with China grows
1 of 8 |  

FILE- Confetti and smoke in the colors of the Indian national flag mark the entry of INS Vindhyagiri, a new warship for the Indian navy, into the Hooghly river in Kolkata, India, Aug. 17, 2023. India has long focused its defense policy on its land borders with rivals Pakistan and China but is now beginning to flex its naval power in international waters, including anti-piracy patrols and a deployment close to the Red Sea to protect ships from attacks.(AP Photo/Bikas Das, file)

Read More
2 of 8 |  

FILE- In this photo released by Defense Visual Information Distribution Service, ships from Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and Indian Navy sail in formation with Royal Australian Navy HMAS Warramunga and Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Barry (DDG 52) during MALABAR 2021 on Aug. 27, 2021. India, along with the U.S., Australia and Japan as part of the Indo-Pacific strategic alliance known as the Quad, have repeatedly accused China of flexing its military muscle in South China Sea and becoming increasingly aggressive by pushing claims to disputed maritime zones. The navies of the four countries have regularly held naval drills seen as part of a regional initiative to counter China’s growing assertiveness in the Pacific. (Justin Stack/DVIDS U.S. Navy via AP)

Read More
3 of 8 |  

FILE- This photograph provided by the Indian Navy shows U.S.-owned ship Genco Picardy that came under attack Wednesday from a bomb-carrying drone launched by Yemen’s Houthi rebels in the Gulf of Aden, Thursday, Jan. 18, 2024. Indian Navy’s Guided Missile Destroyer INS Visakhapatnam, deployed in in the Gulf of Aden for anti-piracy operations, responded to a distress call following the drone attack and intercepted Genco Picardy on Thursday to provide assistance, an Indian Navy statement said. (Indian Navy via AP, File)

Read More
4 of 8 |  

FILE- Indian naval officers walk on the gangway of INS Mormugao, the stealth guided-missile destroyer ship during its commissioning ceremony at a naval dockyard in Mumbai, India, Dec. 18, 2022. India has long focused its defense policy on its land borders with rivals Pakistan and China but is now beginning to flex its naval power in international waters, including anti-piracy patrols and a deployment close to the Red Sea to protect ships from attacks.(AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool, File)

Read More
5 of 8 |  

FILE- Leaders of Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (Quad) from left to right, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese, U.S. President Joe Biden, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, pose for photo at the entrance hall of the Prime Minister’s Office of Japan in Tokyo, Japan, May 24, 2022. The Indo-Pacific strategic alliance known as the Quad, has repeatedly accused China of flexing its military muscles in the South China Sea and of pushing its maritime territorial claims. The navies of the four countries regularly hold drills seen as part of an initiative to counter China’s growing assertiveness in the Pacific.(Zhang Xiaoyu/Pool Photo via AP, File)

Read More
6 of 8 |  

FILE- Indian army vehicles move in a convoy in the cold desert region of Ladakh, where India and China are locked in a military standoff, Sept. 18, 2022. For decades, India has focused its defense priorities on its land borders with rivals Pakistan and China. Now, as its global ambitions expand, it is beginning to flex its naval power in international waters, including a deployment in the Red Sea to help protect ships from attacks during Israel’s war with Hamas. (AP Photo/Mukhtar Khan, File)

Read More
7 of 8 |  

FILE - Maldivian President Yameen Abdul Gayoom, left, shakes hands with China’s President Xi Jinping after a signing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Dec. 7, 2017. China has built up its presence over the years in the Indian Ocean, a key route for its energy supplies, escalating maritime competition between the two Asian giants. Beijing has deepened its engagement mainly through infrastructure deals with India’s neighbors, including Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and most recently the Maldives. (Fred Dufour/Pool Photo via AP, File)

Read More
8 of 8 |  

FILE- Chinese research ship Shi Yan 6 is seen berthed at Colombo harbor, Sri Lanka, Oct. 26, 2023. Chinese ships have made port calls in Sri Lanka in 2022 and 2023 amid fears in India that they could be used to surveil the region. India’s concerns led Sri Lanka earlier this year to declare a one-year moratorium on foreign research ships entering its waters. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena, File)

Read More
BY  AIJAZ HUSSAIN
Updated 3:26 AM UTC, February 2, 2024
Share

SRINAGAR, India (AP) — For decades, India has focused its defense policy on its land borders with rivals Pakistan and China. Now, as its global ambitions expand, it is beginning to flex its naval power in international waters, including anti-piracy patrols and a widely publicized deployment close to the Red Sea to help protect ships from attacks during Israel’s war with Hamas.

India sent three guided missile destroyers and reconnaissance aircraft in November when Yemen-based Houthi rebels began targeting ships in solidarity with Hamas, causing disruptions in a key trading route that handles about 12% of global trade.

The deployment highlights the country as a “proactive contributor” to international maritime stability, said Vice Adm. Anil Kumar Chawla, who retired in 2021 as head of India’s southern naval command.

“We are not doing it only out of altruism. Unless you are a maritime power you can never aspire to be a global power,” Chawla said. India, already a regional power, is positioning itself “as a global player today, an upcoming global power,” he said.

READ MORE
Why Indian police suspected this pigeon worked for Chinese spies
Maldives gives port clearance to a Chinese ship. The move could inflame a dispute with India
Sri Lanka declares moratorium on research ships for a year amid Indian concerns over Chinese vessels

India is widely publicizing the deployments, signaling its desire to assume a wider responsibility in maritime security to the world and its growing maritime ambitions to regional rival China.

“It is a message to China that, look, we can deploy such a large force here. This is our backyard. Though we don’t own it, but we are probably the most capable and responsible resident naval power,” Chawla said.

The Indian navy has helped at least four ships, three of which were attacked by Houthi rebels and another that Washington blamed on Iran, a charge denied by Tehran. It has also conducted several anti-piracy missions.

FILE- This photograph provided by the Indian Navy shows U.S.-owned ship Genco Picardy that came under attack Wednesday from a bomb-carrying drone launched by Yemen’s Houthi rebels in the Gulf of Aden, Thursday, Jan. 18, 2024. (Indian Navy via AP, File)

Iran-backed Houthi rebels have targeted dozens of ships in the Red Sea, saying they are seeking a cease-fire in the Gaza Strip. The U.S. and its allies have responded with multiple rounds of bombings of rebel positions. India has not joined the U.S.-led force battling the Houthis.

On Jan. 26, the Indian guided missile destroyer INS Visakhapatnam assisted the crew of a Marshall Islands-flagged tanker in fighting a fire after it was hit by a missile in the Gulf of Aden. About 10 days earlier, the Visakhapatnam responded to a distress call by the U.S.-owned Genco Picardy merchant vessel following a drone attack in the same waters.

“Maritime security has not been a strong pillar of India’s foreign policy engagements in a way we are beginning to see now,” said Darshana M. Baruah, a fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. “China is a factor in this.”

The rivals are already locked in a military standoff along their disputed border high in the mountains.

FILE- Indian army vehicles move in a convoy in the cold desert region of Ladakh, where India and China are locked in a military standoff, Sept. 18, 2022. (AP Photo/Mukhtar Khan, File)
FILE - Maldivian President Yameen Abdul Gayoom, left, shakes hands with China's President Xi Jinping after a signing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Dec. 7, 2017. (Fred Dufour/Pool Photo via AP, File)

China has built up its presence over the years in the Indian Ocean, a key route for its energy supplies. It has the world’s largest navy by number of ships, more than three times the size of the Indian navy. China also operates a powerful fleet of large coast guard ships and what is referred to as its maritime militia consisting of fishing vessels that cooperate with the coast guard in asserting territorial claims in the South China Sea.

Beijing has deepened its engagement in the Indian Ocean mainly through infrastructure deals with India’s neighbors, including Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and most recently the Maldives.

“The Chinese are looking for more and more naval bases in the extended Indian Ocean,” said Lt. Gen. D. S. Hooda, a former Indian military officer and now a strategic expert. “Seeing that, India doesn’t have any other option but to keep building up its own.”

The Maldives government last week gave clearance to a Chinese research ship to dock in its port. Similar Chinese ships have made port calls in Sri Lanka in 2022 and 2023 amid fears in India that they could be used to surveil the region. India’s concerns led Sri Lanka earlier this year to declare a one-year moratorium on foreign research ships entering its waters.

FILE- Chinese research ship Shi Yan 6 is seen berthed at Colombo harbor, Sri Lanka, Oct. 26, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena, File)

Experts say the growing competition with China is energizing India to acquire more advanced ships, submarines and aircraft and invest more in technology and infrastructure. The navy’s share of India’s burgeoning defense budget, which reached $72.6 billion last year, has increased to 19% from about 14%. The Indian army has traditionally received the lion’s share of the military budget.

The navy has also built strategic partnerships through participation in joint exercises with other nations in the region and beyond.

Baruah, who directs the Indian Ocean Initiative at the Carnegie Endowment, said there is a “need for Delhi’s strategic thinking to be maritime-oriented, not just as an option for crisis response but as a theater to advance India’s most pressing geopolitical and strategic priorities in the Indo-Pacific.”

India, the U.S., Australia and Japan are members of the Indo-Pacific strategic alliance known as the Quad, which has repeatedly accused China of flexing its military muscles in the South China Sea and aggressively pushing its maritime territorial claims. The navies of the four countries regularly hold drills seen as part of an initiative to counter China’s growing assertiveness in the Pacific.

FILE- Leaders of Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (Quad) from left to right, Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese, U.S. President Joe Biden, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, pose for photo at the entrance hall of the Prime Minister’s Office of Japan in Tokyo, Japan, May 24, 2022. (Zhang Xiaoyu/Pool Photo via AP, File)

Beijing maintains that its military is purely defensive to protect what it says are its sovereign rights, and calls the Quad an attempt to contain its economic growth and influence.

For Indian naval planners, the South China Sea remains a top concern, with about 60% of India’s cargo passing through shipping lanes in the Beijing-dominated region.

Chawla said India doesn’t have “strength to project power into the South China Sea right now” because of the vast Chinese maritime assets there.

“Frankly, if it comes to a shooting war, India does not really have the capability and Quad does not have the mandate,” he said. “You know, it’s not a NATO-like alliance yet.”

___

Follow AP’s Asia-Pacific coverage at https://apnews.com/hub/asia-pacific

AIJAZ HUSSAIN
Hussain is a correspondent based in Kashmir, India
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
At a branch, your Series 7 can grow your career.
Fidelity Investments
:
Advertisement
Next Week in Business: jobless claims, mortgage rates and Wall Street's first trading day...
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
Ground Game: Carter dies at 100 and Kansas’ cautionary tale on...
This newsletter was originally sent out via email to our Ground Game subscribers o...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroo...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you ca...
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit Allowance
Advertisement:
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Tennessee has a new execution method, 2.5 years after last sc...
More than 2 years after Tennessee abruptly halted the execution of inmate...
AP News
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Russian man arrested for alleged ly running LGBTQ+ travel agen...
A Russian man arrested for allegedly running a travel agency for gay customer...
AP News
Morant hurts his shoulder but Jackson scores 33 as the Grizzl...
Jaren Jackson Jr. scored 33 points, Ja Morant scored 25 before leaving with wh...
AP News
Cheap Storage Almost Being Given Away
Storage Unit Deals
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Maximize your Series 7—give it more room to grow.
Fidelity Investments:Advertisement
Apply Now
District Of Columbia: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling Out Fast
Ultra Heater:Advertisement
Shop Now
Americans can once again order 4 free at-home tests
Test Kits:Advertisement
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/india-china-maritime-security-d53925a976e667f275024fa964818c8f 
 ----- 
