Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Devin Booker Made Phoenix Suns History Against Lakers
Devin Booker reached a career milestone.
Ben Stinar | Oct 26, 2024
Jan 11, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker (1) reacts during the second half at Crypto.com Arena. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-Imagn Images / Gary A. Vasquez-Imagn Images

UPDATE: The Suns lost by a score of 123-116.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Phoenix Suns (@suns)

On Friday evening, the Phoenix Suns are playing the Los Angeles Lakers in California.

Devin Booker had ten points and one assist while shooting 4/7 from the field and 2/3 from the three-point range in his first nine minutes of action.

His one assist made Suns history, as he is now their sixth player to record 3,000 career assists.

Via The Suns: "All around playmaker.

Congrats, Book, on 3K career assists! 👏"

The other five players on the list are Jason Kidd, Walter Davis, Alvan Adams, Kevin Johnson and Steve Nash.

Booker is known for his scoring, but he has become a better facilitator in recent years.

Last year, the four-time NBA All-Star averaged 27.1 points, 4.5 rebounds and 6.9 assists per contest while shooting 49.2% from the field and 36.4% from the three-point range in 68 games.

The Suns come into the night with a 1-0 record after defeating the Los Angeles Clippers by a score of 116-113 on Wednesday evening (in overtime).

Booker finished the victory with 15 points, four rebounds, six assists, one steal and one block while shooting 5/9 from the field and 4/5 from the three-point range in 32 minutes.

Following the Lakers, the Suns will play their next game on Saturday evening when they host Kyrie Irving and the Dallas Mavericks in Arizona.

Oct 6, 2024; Palm Desert, California, USA; Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker (1) moves the ball against the Los Angeles Lakers during the first half at Acrisure Arena. Mandatory Credit: David Frerker-Imagn Images / David Frerker-Imagn Images

Booker was the 13th pick in the 2015 NBA Draft out of Kentucky.

He is in his tenth NBA season (all with the Suns).

During the 2021 season, Booker helped lead the franchise to the NBA Finals.

Published Oct 25, 2024|Modified Oct 26, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/devin-booker-made-phoenix-suns-history-against-lakers-october-nba 
 ----- 
