Skip to main content
Bavarian Football Works homepage
Bayern Munich News and Commentary
Follow Bavarian Football Works online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Bavarian Football Works main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 
NEW PODCAST ALERT!
The latest Bavarian Podcast Works -- Weekend Warm-up Show has dropped...check it out NOW!
×

FILED UNDER:

GERMAN NATIONAL TEAM AND INTERNATIONAL SOCCER
 
BAYERN MUNICH MATCH OBSERVATIONS
 
BAYERN MUNICH FRONT OFFICE
Four observations from Germany’s 2-1 defeat to Spain as hosts crash out of the EUROs

Heartbreak yet again.

By Dasher!@DasherFCB  Updated Jul 6, 2024, 8:51pm CEST  145 Comments / 145 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Photo by Alexander Hassenstein/Getty Images

Germany’s quarterfinal match against Spain was the most anticipated game of EURO 2024 thus far.

It delivered everything you could’ve asked for — unless you are a Germany fan. After Dani Olmo gave Spain the lead in the 51st minute it was all set to end Spain’s way but a dagger from Florian Wirtz at the death sent the game into extra time. It was looking great for the Germans who were poised to enter the shootout as favorites, until a 119th-minute goal from Mikel Merino meant heartbreak for the home side. Here are some observations after a game that will go down in football’s history books.

Football game or wrestling match? + Spain’s brilliance

This game recorded the highest number of fouls in a game this tournament, accumulated more yellow cards than any other game this tournament, and saw the game interrupted by a player on the floor every few minutes. Some would say it looked like a diving contest between the two teams. So, it is indeed a valid question.

Both teams wanted to keep up their tempo and considering the magnitude of the game, it was bound to be filled with such incessant tackles so often, and Spain did a wonderful job forcing fouls from the Germans.

More about the Spanish game plan, the game was won in transition. The way Spain effortlessly launched counterattacks and stole the tempo while putting up a defensive masterclass and maintaining a tight, constricted midfield left German players unable to completely execute their game plan, allowing Spain to maintain the front foot, especially in the first half. Well done to Spain for the perfect execution of a brilliant plan.

The referee

Bayern Munich fans are no stranger to being on the receiving end of controversial calls this year, and this time Germany too were subjected to the cruelest of losses tonight.

In the 77th minute, Niklas Füllkrug was pulled down in the box while through on goal with a wonderful cross from Florian Wirtz and a chance to equalize. Exactly 30 minutes later, Jamal Musiala had a chance to take the lead and saw his strike hit defender Marc Cucurella’s arm. In both cases no penalty was awarded, and VAR did not ask referee Anthony Taylor to take another look, either.

Fair, subjective, or by the book? In any case, it was a double blow to Germany spirits. In an age with so much new technology and innovation in the world of sports refereeing, it seems that we have come little closer to taking the controversy out of close calls.

Ode to Joy (& Sorrow)

Germany tonight was far from a symphony. There were bright spots, and then dark ones.

First, Joshua Kimmich. A lot of Bayern fans (admittedly including myself) have been on the fence regarding Kimmich’s extension or potential sale, but Kimmich showed once again why he is so highly rated at what he does. Going forward today was a total masterclass from Kimmich on the right flank. He did well overlapping with Leroy Sané (despite problems defensively at the start), created some of the game’s very best chances, and was arguably the best German player on the pitch. Above all, he rose higher than all the Spanish defenders to keep the ball in and set up Wirtz with the equalizer that gave fans hope one last time. Euphoria was in the air as Kimmich won millions of German hearts — and gave Bayern another reason to keep him. Big game player.

Toni Kroos. Yes, it was far from his best. Yes, he was unusually aggressive and risk-taking. And yes, it was his last game as a footballer. His career didn’t get the ending it deserved, but fans got to see the legendary Toni Kroos in action for Germany on the biggest stage one final time. And you probably just couldn't stop thinking whether or not he’d recreate THAT free kick against Sweden every time he stood up to take one tonight. So cherish the moment. We might never see a player of his caliber ever again.

And now, to Kai Havertz. It is baffling how a player of such low quality is the starting striker of a footballing nation notorious for creating world-class goalscorers. Shambolic isn’t enough to describe his performance tonight. He failed when it mattered most. Sure, he has certain strengths. But none match those of a great player. But it isn't entirely his fault either. And that brings us to the next section.

Julian Nagelsmann is his own worst enemy

Right from the lineup announcement, fans were shocked to see last-minute replacement Emre Can start, Florian Wirtz snubbed in favor of Leroy Sané, and the worst of all, Kai Havertz starting as the striker over Niklas Füllkrug. Every single one of these choices failed tonight.

Can got extremely lucky to get away without a yellow card to his name, and was subbed off immediately at half time. Sané, while present defensively, failed to provide any attacking output or use his speed for any good. Wirtz was immediately more present and explosive and even scored the equalizer. It is impossible to understand Nagelsmann’s obsession with starting Kai Havertz, an inferior finisher, over a superior goalscorer in Füllkrug.

Nagelsmann should have done better, stuck to the basics, and not overcomplicated his lineup selection. However, he did a good job with the subs and his team took a Spain team that has only won since arriving in Germany to extra time.

And Germany hasn't looked this good as a team in years. This was the tournament poised to reunite the nation and bring together the German footballing scene despite the tough times like home tournaments in Germany have in the past. Did it accomplish that? Maybe not, but it has certainly given this team renewed hope. This team was more than deserving to reach the semis and tonight and missed out on pure circumstance.

Germany finally has a base to build on and a manager with a strong vision in Julian Nagelsmann. It’s not all doom and gloom this time around. So pack your saxophone and keep believing, the World Cup is up next — best believe Germany is back.

What do you think of the observations? Have any of your own? Tell us in the comments below, and until next time, pack mas.

Looking for more thoughts and analysis of Germany’s crushing 2-1 loss to Spain? We have you covered with our Bavarian Podcast Works — Postgame Show. We have takes on Julian Nagelsmann’s controversial starting XI, a rundown of the scoring and substitutions, and ideas on how this all fell apart in front of an absolutely electric crowd. You can get the podcast on Spotify or below:

Support Bavarian Podcast Works on Patreon!

If you like our podcasts and want more, or just want to listen our episodes ad-free, then support us on Patreon! Every single dollar will be used to help boost the coverage of the team we all love. Mia San Mia.
DONATE NOW!

RELATED

Spain 2-1 Germany: Initial reactions and observations
Match Awards from Germany’s devastating EURO 2024 quarterfinals loss to Spain
Four observations from Germany’s 2-1 defeat to Spain as hosts crash out of the EUROs
Bavarian Podcast Works — Postgame Show: Spain 2-1 Germany (EURO 2024 Quarterfinals)

IN THIS STREAM
Germany at EURO 2024: Get all the updates here!
Germany assistant Sandro Wagner focusing on current role as future prospects beckon
Four observations from Germany’s 2-1 defeat to Spain as hosts crash out of the EUROs
Bayern Munich’s Joshua Kimmich praises German national team, “greatest German player” Toni Kroos after Spain defeat
VIEW ALL 363 STORIES
MORE FROM BAVARIAN FOOTBALL WORKS
Daily Schmankerl: Bayern Munich eyeing Everton’s Jordan Pickford?; Futures of Bayern’s Alphonso Davies, AC Milan’s Theo Hernández could be tied as Real Madrid lurks; Dani Olmo running out of time at FC Barcelona?; & MORE!
Bundesliga Power Rankings: December Edition — Leverkusen overtakes Bayern for the top spot
Jamal Musiala’s Messi mania revealed: “He was my hero”
Who does Aleksandar Pavlović idolize and how will he emulate their successes at Bayern Munich? 
Has Bayern Munich been vindicated in decision to hire Vincent Kompany?
Report: Real Madrid, Bayern Munich star Alphonso Davies agreed to terms earlier this year
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Bavarian Football Works Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Bayern Munich news from Bavarian Football Works
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bavarianfootballworks.com/2024/7/5/24182126/spain-germany-observations-match-analysis-jamal-musiala-florian-wirtz-euro-2024-kai-havertz-can-sane 
 ----- 
