Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Boston Celtics
TEAM
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
NEWS
COMMUNITY
JR. CELTICS
ENTERTAINMENT
STORE
FANS
Derrick White Delivers Star Effort in Win Over T-Wolves
Taylor Snow●@taylorcsnow
Sr. Writer
January 3, 20251:34 AM EST

When the first All-Star fan voting returns were released Thursday afternoon, Derrick White was listed with the 10th-most votes among Eastern Conference guards.

He wasted no time making a case for why he should be ranked higher.

Later that night, White stepped onto the court in Minnesota and created problems for the Timberwolves on both ends while helping to lead the Celtics to a 118-115 win.

He dropped in 26 points while shooting 5-of-10 both from inside the arc and outside the arc. He also grabbed two rebounds, handed out two assists, and blocked two shots in 37 minutes of action. 

Meanwhile, he helped limit his sure-shot All-Star counterpart, Anthony Edwards, to just 15 points on 5-of-16 shooting, including 2-for-9 from 3-point range.

White’s contributions were much needed on both ends to help fill the void of Jaylen Brown (out with a right shoulder strain), and Joe Mazzulla expected nothing less out of the veteran guard.

“When Jaylen or Jayson doesn’t play, [Derrick] plays the whole second and the whole fourth and gets those possessions where he impacts the game,” Boston’s head coach said postgame. “He’s just big time because he has the ability to impact the game whether he’s heavily, heavily involved on offense or not … Derrick’s that kind of guy that can just give the game what it needs at any time.”

What the Celtics needed out of him Thursday night was crunch-time scoring. And he delivered by scoring exactly half of his points (13) in the fourth quarter, including a fadeaway bank-shot dagger that put Boston ahead by eight points with two minutes remaining.

In a postgame walk-off interview, White told NBC Sports Boston’s Abby Chin that he hadn’t been pleased with the way he’d played of late entering this game, after a few rough shooting performances in December. But he seemed to have his swagger back just in time for this nationally televised showdown between the reigning No. 1 seeds.

When White is in a rut, Mazzulla’s approach is to “remind him of his greatness.”

“He has the ability to impact the game in different ways,” the coach iterated. “I just thought he was great tonight in, obviously his shot-making, but also getting us into our offense, making sure the start of the second and the fourth goes the way that it should go. And then defensively, his ability to guard different guys.”

Aside from some scattered December shooting struggles, White has been consistently great for most of the season. He’s averaging career-high averages in points (17.1), rebounds (4.5), blocks (1.2), steals (1.0), and 3-point makes (3.5). He’s one of only two players in the league averaging at least three 3-pointers and one block per game, along with San Antonio’s Victor Wembanyama. 

The numbers that White is putting up while being the third scoring option on a defending champion team make him All-Star-worthy, and certainly worthy of a higher ranking on the voting list.

So make sure you vote for White, Brown, and Tatum, especially on this Jan. 3 three-for-one voting day.

Tags
Postgame
Regular Season
Sidebar
JAYLEN BROWN
JAYSON TATUM
DERRICK WHITE
TEAM
Roster
Coaching Staff
NBA Statistics
NBA Standings
Parquet Magazine
2023‑24 Yearbook
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
TICKETS
Individual Game Tickets
Suite Rentals
Rafters Memberships
Season Ticket Wait List
Suite Memberships
Premium Seating
Group Tickets
Mobile Ticketing Guide
Account Manager
Virtual Seating Map
SCHEDULE
2024‑25 Season Schedule
2024‑25 Specialty Nights
Add to Calendar
Printable Schedule
2023‑24 Season Results
2022‑23 Season Results
NEWS
Club Green Emails
Celtics Insiders Central
Banner 18 Oral History
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
Photos
Los Celtics
Post Ups Notebook
NEBH Injury Report
Game Notes
YouTube
Official Mobile App
COMMUNITY
Make A Donation
Request A Donation
50/50 Raffle
Heroes Among Us
STORE
MORE
Fan Insights Initiative
Club Green Emails
Text Alerts
Jr. Celtics
Entertainment
Celtics.com/Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/celtics/news/sidebar-post-20250102-derrick-white-delivers-star-effort-in-win-over-t-wolves 
 ----- 
