Skip to content
Subscribe Now
-4°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
Twins’ Trevor Larnach staying the course and thriving
Trevor Larnach is having his most productive offensive season
Trevor Larnach #9 of the Minnesota Twins hits a three-run home run in the second inning against the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field on Sept. 02, 2024 in St Petersburg, Florida. (Photo by Julio Aguilar/Getty Images)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
UPDATED: September 3, 2024 at 9:09 PM CDT

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Trevor Larnach has spent extended parts of the past couple of seasons either injured or at Triple-A. He was even optioned there this spring, though he began the season injured and then returned directly to the majors.

So the fact that he is in the middle of a playoff push as one of the most stable, productive members of the lineup is not something he wants to take for granted.

“I definitely don’t want that thought to sink in and think, ‘I’ve made it. I’m good,’” Larnach said. “I always want to keep pushing and finding something to keep going. This game will humble you so quick. Any time you think you’ve got it or you’re good, you get punched in the face somehow, and it’s your job to battle back.”

Larnach has done just that, taking his fair share of punches and battling back.

He’s in the midst of the best offensive season of his career, Tuesday hitting .253 with a .781 OPS. His 118 OPS+ entering Tuesday is a number that is 18 percent better than the league-average hitter. His 15 home runs are a career high, and his15th, which came on Monday, was an important three-run home run that helped propel the Twins to a victory over Tampa Bay.

“He has been very consistently just going out there and producing,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “We’ve watched him mature in so many different, positive ways right before our eyes. … We’re not sitting here where we’re at without Trevor Larnach.”

It hasn’t all been smooth for Larnach this season. There’s been plenty of hard contact that has gone for naught — lineouts that haven’t fallen — enough so that he turned to different people, like teammate Carlos Santana and his agent, to ask if there was anything he should change.

“You hit two balls hard in a game, you kind of expect them to be hits, let alone extra-base hits. And when you’ve got nothing to show for it, it can drive you kind of nuts,” Larnach said.

He was told to stay the course. His process was good. The results would follow.

And they have.

“When he lines out two times a game for a week, which he has done probably more than most, he hasn’t changed,” Baldelli said. “He has been very, very consistent, and those hard-hit balls are turning into what we’re looking for right now.”

Briefly

Byron Buxton and the Triple-A Saints had Tuesday off, but the outfielder will continue his rehab assignment on Wednesday. He is expected to play nine innings in center field. … The Twins did not name a starting pitcher for Wednesday’s game, which has been listed as TBA, but Louie Varland joined the team in Florida. The Twins could have Varland start or opt to have a reliever begin the game and Varland pitch bulk innings after that, as he did in his last Triple-A outing. … Reliever Caleb Boushley cleared waivers and has accepted the assignment to Triple-A. Trevor Richards, acquired at the trade deadline, did the same, meaning both are now Saints.

 

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Originally Published: September 3, 2024 at 6:30 PM CDT
Around the Web
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Blood Sugar is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of High Blood Sugar
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Cause Will Leave You Speechless!
Tardive Dyskenisia
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Worst Foods to Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Silent but Dangerous: Understanding the Appearance of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Do This to Regrow Your Hair (Once Daily)
WG Hair Restore
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in North Charleston! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (Big Pharma Companies Hate This!)
Control Sugar Levels
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
This Removes Wrinkles and Eye Bags Like Crazy (Going Viral)
WellnessGaze Skin Health
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
TardiveDyskinesia | Search Ads
Coast Guard Intercepts Strange Blue Boat. Then They Take a Look Inside
cleverst
Say Goodbye to Arthritis Pain With This Simple Daily Routine
Healthier Living Tips
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Here's What Causing Your Feet to Swell (And What to Do)
WellnessGaze Edema
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myeloma I Search Ads
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Joe Soucheray: Refuse to face foundational truths? Watch your city burn. Or your downtown empty out.
Frederick: Timberwolves had a plan, Anthony Edwards had other ideas
Today in History: January 13, Trump becomes first president to be impeached twice
Knights’ desert storm erases Wild’s early lead in rare road loss
Theater review: Fear not, for ‘Leonardo!’ is one adorable monster movie
Green Bay gets a brotherly shove out of the playoffs
Minnesota House Republicans will need Democrats on first day of session, Steve Simon says
Charley Walters: Vikings fans should fret over Kevin O’Connell trade rumor
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2024
September
3
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2024/09/03/twins-trevor-larnach-staying-the-course-and-thriving/ 
 ----- 
