Skip to main content
WBUR
LISTEN LIVE
DONATE

ADVERTISEMENT

Home
/
Local Coverage
Blue Jays beat Red Sox 6-1, eliminating Boston from wild-card race
September 26, 2024
Ian Harrison, The Associated Press
Boston Red Sox manager Alex Cora during the first inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (Chris O'Meara/AP)

Jonatan Clase hit his first career home run, Kevin Gausman pitched six innings to match his career high in wins and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Boston 6-1 on Wednesday night, eliminating the Red Sox from postseason contention.

Clase went 3 for 3 with a walk, scored twice and drove in two. He extended Toronto’s lead with a homer off Josh Winckowski in the seventh inning.

WBUR is a nonprofit news organization. Our coverage relies on your financial support. If you value articles like the one you're reading right now, give today.

“A really good night from him,” manager John Schneider said.

Alejandro Kirk, who extended his career-best hitting streak to 17 games, had three hits and three RBIs as the Blue Jays won for the first time in six games and avoided a three-game sweep. Boston had been 5-0 in Toronto this season.

The Blue Jays finished 21-31 against AL East opponents for the second straight year.

Gausman (14-11) allowed one run and four hits to win his second straight start. He walked three and struck out three, and ended his outing by retiring Nick Sogard on a fly ball with the bases loaded.

“It’s always good when you can tie a career high,” Gausman said, “but I wish I would have been throwing the ball like last year.”

The Red Sox, who had won four in a row coming into the game, needed to win their final four games and get help from opponents in the American League wild-card race.

“At one point it felt like we were a playoff caliber team and then we missed the opportunity,” manager Alex Cora said. “Let’s put it that way. You look around, you look at the teams that are fighting. We had it right there and we blew it.”

Boston went into the All-Star Game with a 53-43 record but a poor second half sank the Red Sox, starting with a three-game sweep at the Dodgers right out of the break.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Since LA, we never got it going,” Cora said.

Boston has missed the playoffs in three straight seasons, the first time that’s happened since 2010-2012. The Red Sox won the World Series in 2013.

“I’m proud of what this clubhouse was able to do and what we accomplished,” said outfielder Jarren Duran, who was 2 for 4 for his 50th multi-hit game. “It’s a good building block for the next year.”

Red Sox right-hander Richard Fitts (0-1) came in having not allowed a run over 15 2/3 innings to start his big league career, and extended that streak to 18 2/3 before Vladimir Guerrero Jr. and Kirk hit consecutive doubles to begin the fourth.

Guerrero finished 2 for 4 and has 197 hits this season.

Fitts was charged with four runs and six hits in five innings. He walked two and struck out two.

“This was a crucial game for us,” Fitts said. “I just really feel like I let the team down. I know I have better and I can be better.”

Kirk drove in two with a two-out single off the right field wall in the fifth, but Wilyer Abreu threw Kirk out trying to advance to second.

The Red Sox finished their road schedule at 43-38. They’re 37-41 at Fenway Park with three games remaining.

Roster moves

Blue Jays: Toronto recalled RHP Brett de Geus from Triple-A Buffalo and optioned RHP Tommy Nance to the spring training facility.

Trainer's room

Blue Jays: SS Bo Bichette was scheduled to have surgery Wednesday on his fractured right middle finger.

Up next

Red Sox: Boston returns home Friday to wrap up its season with a three-game series against Tampa Bay.

Blue Jays: Toronto closes out the season by hosting Miami in a three-game series starting Friday.

Thanks for exploring this story. While you’re here, I’d like to talk to you about the future of local journalism and WBUR. 

I’ve been working in Boston radio and TV for over 40 years. When I first started, nearly a dozen Boston radio and TV stations each had a robust local news staff covering the important stories of our region.

Over the years, most of those newsrooms have faded away, and the availability of quality journalism has receded.  

Fortunately, WBUR continues to bring you strong local news and stories each and every day. But our future is not guaranteed. That’s why we need your help more than ever.  

Please hit one of the buttons below and kick in a dollar figure that makes sense for you. 




And as always, thanks for supporting WBUR.

Steve Brown
News Anchor, WBUR
MAKE A GIFT
INCREASE GIFT
Related:
Red Sox radio broadcaster Joe Castiglione announces retirement after 42 seasons

ADVERTISEMENT

More from WBUR

ADVERTISEMENT

Resume
LISTEN LIVE
BBC World Service
Contact Us
(617) 353-0909
info@wbur.org
890 Commonwealth Ave.
Boston, MA 02215
More ways to get in touch.
About WBUR
Who We Are
Inside WBUR
Diversity, Equity And Inclusion
Board Of Directors
Community Advisory Board
CPB Transparency
Careers
WBUR Staff
Ethics Guide
Licensing WBUR Content
Support WBUR
Volunteer
Member Services
Become A Member
Donate Your Car
Join The Murrow Society
Become A Sponsor
Make A Donation
Follow
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Linkedin
Subscribe to our weekday newsletter

Add WBUR to your morning routine

Boston local news in one concise, fun and informative email. Explore more WBUR newsletters.
© Copyright WBUR 2025
WBUR Privacy Policy
Syndication
FCC Applications
FCC Public File
WBUR EEO Reports
Public File Assistance
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wbur.org/news/2024/09/26/red-sox-eliminated-playoff-race-blue-jays 
 ----- 
