Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jarren Duran Joins Elite Leadoff Hitters in Boston Red Sox History Books
Boston Red Sox outfielder Jarren Duran has thrived as a leadoff man in 2024, racking up a near-record 80 extra-base hits when he fills that role this season.
Sam Connon | Sep 26, 2024
Sep 24, 2024; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Boston Red Sox left fielder Jarren Duran (16) celebrates with teammates in the dugout after scoring a run against the Toronto Blue Jays in the tenth inning at Rogers Centre. / Dan Hamilton-Imagn Images
In this story:
Boston Red Sox

Even though the Boston Red Sox were eliminated from playoff contention Wednesday night, one of their breakout stars still managed to make history.

Outfielder Jarren Duran failed to reach base safely in either of his first two at-bats, so the Red Sox already trailed the Toronto Blue Jays 4-0 when he got his third at-bat in the top of the sixth. That time, Duran doubled to left and came around to score on a single from Triston Casas.

Duran singled in the seventh, but that was his final plate appearance of the night and Boston went on to lose 6-1. The loss knocked the Red Sox 3.5 games out of the third AL Wild Card spot with three games remaining, erasing their chances of sneaking into the postseason.

Still, Duran improved his batting average to .286, his OPS to .840 and his WAR to 8.8. He has now racked up 21 home runs, 34 stolen bases, 75 RBI and 109 runs on the season, all while leading MLB with 48 doubles and 14 triples.

According to Red Sox director of media relations J.P. Long, the 80 extra-base hits Duran has recorded as a leadoff hitter this season are the third-most in franchise history. He entered Wednesday tied with Jacoby Ellsbury, who had 79 in 2011.

Nomar Garciaparra set the record with 85 extra-base hits in 1997, while Mookie Betts ranks second with the 84 he posted in 2018.

Duran has hit out of the leadoff spot 150 times this season, batting second six times and eighth just once. The only two games Duran has missed in 2024 were a result of a suspension he received for directing a homophobic slur at a fan.

The 2024 All-Star Game MVP, who boasts the fourth-highest WAR in MLB, will be arbitration eligible for the first time this winter. With Boston no longer a playoff contender and just three games left on the regular season schedule, it remains to be seen how heavily Duran gets utilized in the final series of the year.

The Red Sox will return home to face the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday at 7:10 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 26, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/all-star-outfielder-jarren-duran-joins-elite-leadoff-hitters-nomar-garciaparra-mookie-betts-jacoby-ellsbury-in-boston-red-sox-history-books-extra-base-hits-01j8qgh81zhh 
 ----- 
