Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Toronto Blue Jays Trade Acquisition Hits First Major League Homer in Wednesday Win
The Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night as outfielder Jonatan Clase had a night to remember.
Brady Farkas | Sep 26, 2024
Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Jonatan Clase (8) hits a two-run home run against the Boston Red Sox in the seventh inning at Rogers Centre on Sept 25. / Dan Hamilton-Imagn Images
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 6-1 on Wednesday night at Rogers Centre.

With the win, the Jays are now 74-85 on the season. It's been an incredibly disappointing year for a team that made the playoffs in each of the last two seasons. Boston fell to 80-79 with the loss and they were officially eliminated from playoff contention. They have made the playoffs once (2021) since winning the World Series back in 2018.

In the win, Blue Jays rookie Jonatan Clase had a memorable night, going 3-for-3 with two runs scored and two RBI. Acquired from the Seattle Mariners at the trade deadline this year, Clase also hit his first major league home run.

He's one of the top ten prospects in the Blue Jays organization, so @MLBPipeline made sure to write about his homer:

Jonatan Clase's fourth time reaching base today is one to remember!

The @BlueJays rookie clobbers his first big league homer to right-center:

Clase is known more for his speed than his power, but he does have the ability to hit the ball out of the park from time to time. He made his major league debut with the Mariners earlier this season and was up-and-down a few times before getting dealt to the Jays for relief pitcher Yimi Garcia.

The Blue Jays are off on Thursday but they will start the final series of the season on Friday night at 7:07 p.m. ET. They'll be home against the Miami Marlins, who have hit the 100-loss threshold.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 26, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/toronto-blue-jays-trade-acquisition-jonatan-clase-hits-first-major-league-homer-in-wednesday-win-against-red-sox 
 ----- 
