Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Win No. 1 comes in a big one for rookie Ginn
Share
Win No. 1 comes in a big one for rookie Ginn
September 27th, 2024

Martín Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

OAKLAND – For a first Major League win, it does not get much better than what J.T. Ginn just pulled off.

Drawing Thursday’s start for the A’s in their final scheduled game at the Coliseum, Ginn walked out to the field for pregame warmups and quickly realized his sixth Major League start was going to be anything but ordinary. The 25-year-old right-hander witnessed a raucous sold-out crowd of 46,889 fans pack the stadium to say its final goodbyes to the home team.

In what was without question the most anticipated game of the year for the A’s, Ginn matched the moment with a strong performance in a 3-2 win over the Rangers. The rookie limited Texas to two runs on five hits and two walks with two strikeouts across 5 1/3 innings.

'Will stick with me forever': After 57 years, A's say farewell with heartfelt win

Ginn’s first big league win doubles as the final win recorded at the Oakland Coliseum, a building whose rich baseball history spans nearly six decades.

“It’s pretty incredible,” Ginn said. “I’m very fortunate that I lined up to pitch the last day ever. It’s pretty crazy to think about. It’s definitely one I’ve been counting down for a couple of weeks and hoped it would work out. To get my first win in the last win ever in the Coliseum is something I’ll remember for the rest of my life.”

Ginn navigated through five scoreless innings of one-hit ball before running into trouble in the sixth. His outing came to an end following an RBI single surrendered to Adolis García with one out.

“For our young starter to go out in front of that crowd and be composed, to get into the sixth inning, that beats expectations,” manager Mark Kotsay said. “To get his first Major League win, right? Pretty amazing on this day. That’s history-making.”

These are the greatest moments in Oakland A's history

Upon handing the ball to Kotsay, Ginn walked off the mound to a standing ovation from the green and gold faithful. About halfway towards the dugout, he tipped his cap and clapped his hands in acknowledgement of an emotional crowd that was loud from the first pitch to the final out.

“Just the emotions from all my teammates and how excited the guys were to be out there,” Ginn said when asked what he will remember most from this day. “You look into the stands and you can feel the love the fans have for this place. You could just feel how special it is. When I was walking off the field, I tried to take a second and look around. Take it all in and enjoy the moment.”

Related
Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

3:48 AM UTC

Forst excited to see the Sutter Health Park plans taking shape

January 8th, 2025

A's, Rooker finalize 5-year extension

January 9th, 2025

Ginn impresses in Major League debut

August 22nd, 2024

J.T. Ginn highlights

May 21st, 2024

A's Ginn great in 4th AFL outing, works 4 scoreless

October 28th, 2022

Keeping a game ball is tradition for any first Major League win. With Thursday being the final game in Oakland, however, several players came away with keepsakes such as bases, signs and even some Coliseum dirt as a memory.

Ginn was no exception.

“I snagged the rosin bag during all the commotion,” Ginn said. “I got that one. I’m going to keep that one tucked away.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Athletics
J.T. Ginn

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/j-t-ginn-earns-1st-win-in-final-game-at-coliseum 
 ----- 
