The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs' Kyle Hendricks takes the 'L' in must-win game against Pirates. Is it goodnight and farewell?
Their postseason hopes hanging by a thread, the Cubs sent out Hendricks to oppose rookie sensation Paul Skenes — like racing a tired, old mule against a thoroughbred.
By  Steve Greenberg  Updated Sept 4, 2024, 2:18am UTC

Starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks throws against the Pirates during the Cubs’ 5-0 loss on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024.

Nam Y. Huh/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

On Sept. 3, 2014, Cubs rookie Kyle Hendricks took the mound at Wrigley Field and beat the Brewers. It was only career start No. 10 for the 24-year-old righthander, and already he was 6-1 with a 2.02 ERA that was taking him from organizational question mark to a firm part of the team’s plans. The Cubs were a last-place team that year, but they would win nine times in Hendricks’ final 10 starts and leave those watching with the impression that maybe, just maybe, they’d taken the first steps in a very promising direction.

Ah, well, enough about back then.

Ten years later to the night, the Cubs turned to Hendricks for career start No. 266. Against the Pirates at Wrigley, the Cubs needed to win to maintain any honest chance of catching and passing the Mets and Braves for the National League’s third wild-card spot. Their postseason hopes hanging by a thread — and with Justin Steele unable to make his scheduled start — the Cubs sent out Hendricks to oppose rookie sensation Paul Skenes. Only now, that’s like running a tired, old mule against a Thoroughbred.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs, manager Craig Counsell reunite with right-hander Colin Rea
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
LATEST STORIES
Former Sun-Times staffers lose all in Los Angeles-area wildfires: "It felt like a scene from hell"
Michael O'Brien's high school basketball weekly rewind
Michael O'Brien's Super 25 high school basketball rankings for Jan. 12, 2025
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
'I tried to give my all to this organization': DeMar DeRozan returns to Chicago with Kings
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Monday, January 13, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 13, 2025, 6:01am UTC
WEATHER
City opens warming centers as wind chills are forecast to drop below zero
Monday’s high will be 19 and the low 9, with wind chills dropping as low as minus 4 overnight. Tuesday’s temperatures will be between 17 and 8 degrees, with wind chills as low as minus 5, the National Weather Service said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 2:03am UTC
CRIME
4-year-old girl, 2 adults shot, wounded in Hegewisch
A man, woman and child were in a home in the 14400 block of South Carondolet Avenue at 5:25 p.m. Sunday when someone fired shots outside and they were hit, police said. The man is in serious condition. The woman and child are in good condition. No one is in custody.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 1:36am UTC
MUSIC
Sam Moore of soul music duo Sam & Dave dies at 89
Rock and Roll Hall of Famer sang classic hits including “Soul Man” and “Hold On, I’m Comin.’ ”
By AP  Jan 13, 2025, 12:47am UTC
EDUCATION
ASPIRA charter to shut Haugan Middle School over enrollment drop, nearly 'million-dollar deficit,' CEO says
The ASPIRA network, which operates three publicly funded but privately managed charters under Chicago Public Schools, approved closure of the campus in Albany Park on the Northwest Side.
By Nader Issa  Jan 13, 2025, 12:35am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/03/cubs-kyle-hendricks-pirates-paul-skenes-wrigley-field 
 ----- 
