Skip to content
Subscribe Now
15°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Chicago Cubs left fielder Ian Happ (8) walks to the dugout after striking out in the second inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Photos: Pittsburgh Pirates 5, Chicago Cubs 0
By CHRIS SWEDA | csweda@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 4, 2024 at 8:47 AM CDT

The Chicago Cubs lost 5-0 to the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024, at Wrigley Field.

Chicago Cubs manager Craig Counsell walks from the dugout to the locker room after a 5-0 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Ethan Roberts (39) delivers to the Pittsburgh Pirates in the ninth inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs pinch hitter Mike Tauchman walks through the dugout to the locker room after making the final out in the ninth inning of a 5-0 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Pittsburgh Pirates relief pitcher David Bednar (51) and catcher Yasmani Grandal (6) celebrate after securing a victory by closing out the Chicago Cubs in the ninth inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman Jared Triolo hits a 3-run home run off of Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Tyson Miller in the seventh inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman Jared Triolo rounds the bases after hitting a 3-run home run off of Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Tyson Miller in the seventh inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Pittsburgh Pirates second baseman Nick Gonzales (39) greets Jared Triolo at home plate after Triolo hit a 3-run home run off of Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Tyson Miller in the seventh inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Tyson Miller walks to the dugout after finishing up against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the seventh inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. Miller gave up a 3-run home run to Pirates third baseman Jared Triolo in the inning. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs designated hitter Seiya Suzuki (27) walks to the dugout after striking out in the seventh inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong (52) drops his helmet to the ground after striking out to end the sixth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs third baseman Isaac Paredes walks to his position after lining up to end the fifth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Pittsburgh Pirates designated hitter Andrew McCutchen (22) drives in a run on a sacrifice fly in the third inning of a game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong (52) catches a deep fly ball that went for a run-scoring sacrifice fly for Pittsburgh Pirates designated hitter Andrew McCutchen in the third inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Pittsburgh Pirates first baseman Rowdy Tellez (44) drives in a run on a single in the third inning of a game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson (7) throws to first base after forcing out Pittsburgh Pirates left fielder Bryan Reynolds (10) at second base in the third inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks stands on the mound after a meeting with pitching coach Tommy Hottrovy (center) and catcher Christian Bethancourt in the third inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs designated hitter Seiya Suzuki (27) walks to the dugout after groaning out to end the second inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson sprints toward third base while advancing on a single by teammate Christian Bethancourt in the second inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks (28) delivers to the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Paul Skenes (30) delivers to the Chicago Cubs in the first inning of a game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs pitcher Justin Steele (center) walks behind fellow pitcher Kyle Hendricks and catcher Christian Bethancourt before a start by Hendricks against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs pitcher Justin Steele walks in from the bullpen alongside other pitchers before a start by teammate and fellow pitcher Kyle Hendricks against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs pitcher Kyle Hendricks walks through the dugout before his start against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Chicago Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong prepares to take the field before a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Fire goalkeeper Chris Brady throws out a ceremonial first pitch before a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs pitcher Justin Steele high-fives Clark the Cub before a Cubs game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Ali Berke sings the national anthem before the start of a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Ali Berke sings the national anthem before the start of a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field on Sept. 3, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

 

Originally Published: September 3, 2024 at 10:47 PM CDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
15 Breakfast Foods You Shouldn't Be Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Root Cause of Neuropathy & Nerve Pain (And How to Fix It Fast)
WellnessGaze Neuro
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
North Charleston: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
15 Companies That Will Give You Food and Other Products for Free
The Penny Hoarder
Erase Nerve Damage (Neuropathy) With This Simple Daily Routine
Wellness Gaze Nuero
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
Chiropractors Baffled: "30 Second" Stretch Relieves Years of Back Pain (Watch)
WellnessGaze Back Health
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You! (Take a Peek!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Forget Botox, This is 4x Times Better (Try at Home)
WellnessGaze Skin
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Greta's Car Shocks the Whole World, the Proof in Pictures
Health Trition
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
One Cup of This Can Help End Memory Loss
Neuro Zoom
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
‘Den of Thieves 2’ opens at No. 1 as ‘Better Man’ flops
Debate over the future of CTA, Metra, Pace, RTA to heat up in Springfield this year
USW President McCall releases statement after U.S. Steel lawsuit
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
5 takeaways from the Chicago Blackhawks’ 4-3 loss, including another bad 2nd period and Alec Martinez’s return
Editorial: From the city that used fire as a catalyst for reinvention, good wishes for Los Angeles
The Tribune’s Quotes of the Week quiz for Jan. 11
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
3
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/03/photos-pittsburgh-pirates-5-chicago-cubs-0-on-tuesday-sept-3-2024/ 
 ----- 
