The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs' second straight loss a blow to dwindling playoff hopes
The 5-0 loss to the Pirates ensured the Cubs would lose the series.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 4, 2024, 3:21am UTC

The Pirates’ Oneil Cruz, center, scores an RBI single by Rowdy Tellez as Chicago Cubs catcher Christian Bethancourt, left, look on, Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. 

Nam Y. Huh/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

Missed opportunities characterized the Cubs’ 5-0 loss to the Pirates on Tuesday. And a second straight loss meant the Cubs dropped the series.

It was the Cubs’ first series loss since being swept by the Guardians on Aug. 12-14. And a loss that lined up with a win Tuesday for the Braves, who occupy the last National League wild-card spot, sunk the Cubs to 4½ games back.

“Maybe the fan in you can keep track of things,” starter Kyle Hendricks said of scoreboard watching. “But we talk about it, day in and day out, it’s control what we can control, keep our focus on that group in the clubhouse. We’ve been doing an amazing job of that. These last two days have been tough, but just got to wash it.”

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
LATEST STORIES
Former Sun-Times staffers lose all in Los Angeles-area wildfires: "It felt like a scene from hell"
Michael O'Brien's high school basketball weekly rewind
Michael O'Brien's Super 25 high school basketball rankings for Jan. 12, 2025
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
'I tried to give my all to this organization': DeMar DeRozan returns to Chicago with Kings
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Monday, January 13, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 13, 2025, 6:01am UTC
WEATHER
City opens warming centers as wind chills are forecast to drop below zero
Monday’s high will be 19 and the low 9, with wind chills dropping as low as minus 4 overnight. Tuesday’s temperatures will be between 17 and 8 degrees, with wind chills as low as minus 5, the National Weather Service said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 2:03am UTC
CRIME
4-year-old girl, 2 adults shot, wounded in Hegewisch
A man, woman and child were in a home in the 14400 block of South Carondolet Avenue at 5:25 p.m. Sunday when someone fired shots outside and they were hit, police said. The man is in serious condition. The woman and child are in good condition. No one is in custody.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 1:36am UTC
MUSIC
Sam Moore of soul music duo Sam & Dave dies at 89
Rock and Roll Hall of Famer sang classic hits including “Soul Man” and “Hold On, I’m Comin.’ ”
By AP  Jan 13, 2025, 12:47am UTC
EDUCATION
ASPIRA charter to shut Haugan Middle School over enrollment drop, nearly 'million-dollar deficit,' CEO says
The ASPIRA network, which operates three publicly funded but privately managed charters under Chicago Public Schools, approved closure of the campus in Albany Park on the Northwest Side.
By Nader Issa  Jan 13, 2025, 12:35am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/03/cubs-lose-5-0-to-pirates-second-straight-loss-delivers-blow-to-dwindling-playoff-hopes 
 ----- 
