Monday, January 13, 2025, 10:28AM |   36°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
2
MORE
Paul Skenes turns to changeup, tosses 5 scoreless in Pirates’ win against Cubs
 
ANDREW DESTIN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
adestin@post-gazette.com
 SEP 4, 2024 2:15 AM
48

CHICAGO — By the time the first inning concluded, it was clear Paul Skenes didn’t have a full arsenal at his disposal.

The rookie right-hander tossed 27 pitches — 13 of them for strikes — during the opening frame of Tuesday night’s game against the Cubs at Wrigley Field en route to loading the bases. He put a trio aboard in the second inning, too, regularly struggling to locate any of his breaking balls while still keeping the home squad scoreless.

“He just wasn’t landing it as consistently,” said manager Derek Shelton of Skenes. “This is a good club with veteran hitters, and they fouled off a ton of pitches and really made him work.”

The lone exception for the 22-year-old when it came to off-speed pitches was his changeup, a seldom-used offering this season that proved critical in the Pirates’ 5-0 win. Skenes threw 19 changeups, inducing 11 swings and a whopping 10 whiffs in the process.

 
Noah Hiles and Andrew Destin
Pirates mailbag: Is Ben Cherington's job at risk after another disappointing season?

"It's a pitch that I've been comfortable with since high school,” Skenes said. “Just kind of got the opportunity to use it today.

“Had to reach into the bag of tricks a little bit, but it worked out."

Through three innings, Skenes had thrown 77 pitches and briefly appeared to be in line for one of his shortest MLB starts to date. Instead, Skenes retired the last seven hitters he faced in order, three of them on strikeouts courtesy of his changeup.

Aside from the Cubs’ donut of an offensive output the last time Skenes faced them at the friendly confines, the hurler’s outing was in stark contrast. Rather than set a career-high in strikeouts (11) like he did on May 17, Skenes generated six punch outs while walking four, which equaled his undesired MLB watermark. Shelton commended the prized rookie for his perseverance.

“He’s going to have to grind at times, as talented as he is,” Shelton said. “And today was one of those. He had to grind, and he did a nice job.”

Pushing through, despite not necessarily having his best stuff, was a message Skenes also heard about from Rowdy Tellez in reference to pitching in September. The veteran first baseman on Monday chatted with some of the Pirates’ younger players, Skenes included, about the importance of continuing to compete all the way through an 162-game campaign.

“Normally what I'd be doing this time of year is starting fall ball,” Skenes said. “That's kind of what I'm used to. That's kind of the college schedule. So, it's definitely something to get used to.”

 
Andrew Destin
Pirates claim left-hander Joey Wentz off waivers from Tigers

Skenes is glad to continue toeing the rubber on a regular basis, which is expected to remain the case throughout the Pirates’ final 24 games of the season. He’s aware it should set him up better for the future, the same way that challenging starts like Tuesday’s can force Skenes to go deep in his repertoire yet remain just as effective as any appearance in a dazzling first MLB campaign.

“Definitely good to get it out of the way all at once rather than lengthen it gradually, which is kind of what the minor league season is a little bit,” Skenes said. “But, being here in the big leagues, got to get acclimated to this as quickly as possible, which I think we're doing this year."

On the mound

Colin Holderman entered for Skenes in the sixth inning, marking the right-handed reliever’s first appearance in nearly a month. Holderman, who landed on the injured list with a right wrist sprain on August 8, tossed a scoreless frame and struck out the Cubs’ Pete Crow-Armstrong with a sweeping slider.

For Holderman, it was his first scoreless outing since July 24. In his previous five appearances, Holderman had yielded nine earned runs across 4 ⅓ innings.

Carmen Mlodzinski followed with two shutout innings before turning the ball over to David Bednar in a non-save situation. The former closer provided a perfect ninth inning to secure a victory for the Pirates.

“It’s still Wrigley Field in the ninth inning. You have to go out and execute, and he did a good job,” Shelton said of Bednar. “I was proud of how he threw the ball.”

At the plate

Justin Steele was scratched from his scheduled start with elbow soreness, so the Cubs turned to right-hander Kyle Hendricks instead. Hendricks limited the Pirates to two runs across five innings, one on an Andrew McCutchen sacrifice fly and another on an RBI single by Rowdy Tellez.

In the seventh, the Pirates broke the contest open after Hendricks’ departure. Jared Triolo cranked a three-run homer to left on a sweeper that wound up down Broadway. It was Triolo’s seventh home run of the season, and first since August 19.

“We did a good job before that,” Shelton said of Triolo’s home run. “Connor Joe had a really big at-bat, the walk there. [Yasmani Grandal] does a nice job getting a sac down.

“...[Triolo] gets a breaking ball and takes a really good swing at it. I think over the past, probably, three weeks, when Tri’s made an adjustment with his setup, the at-bats are considerably better.”

Since August 14, Triolo is hitting .245 (12 for 49) with three home runs, a double and 11 RBIs.

They said it

“It's the fourth time he's faced them,” Shelton said of Skenes. “The fact that he's able to do different things and go to different weapons, not a lot of people have that ability.”

Up next

Wednesday: Pirates at Cubs, 7:40 p.m., Wrigley Field

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: TBD for Pirates; LHP Shota Imanaga (11-3, 3.14) for Cubs

Key matchup: Imanaga was dominant against the Pirates in the sole appearance of his career against the club, tossing seven innings of shutout ball. He posted a 3.68 ERA in August, though, his second-highest mark in any month as a big leaguer.  

Hidden stat: Dennis Santana has retired each of his last 18 batters since allowing a single to the Reds’ Santiago Espinal in the seventh inning on Aug. 23.

Thursday: Nationals at Pirates, 6:40 p.m., PNC Park

Probable pitchers: RHP Luis Ortiz (6-4, 3.19) for Pirates; RHP Jake Irvin (9-11, 4.08) for Nationals

First Published: September 4, 2024, 2:15 a.m.
Updated: September 4, 2024, 1:22 p.m.

Andrew Destin has covered the Pirates for the Post-Gazette since 2023. He has also covered the Penguins and Penn State football as a beat reporter.
  adestin@post-gazette.com
  @AndrewDestin1
 RELATED
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Why Royals' remarkable turnaround should serve as lesson to Pirates
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
5
BUSINESS
Pittsburgh’s midrange real estate market is flourishing. The age of homes is a factor.
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:30am  Tim Grant
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Getty Images
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/03/pirates-paul-skenes-changeup-five-scoreless-jared-triolo-cubs-win/stories/202408280103 
 ----- 
