English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: New Zealand vs Ireland- Who will win T20 match between New Zealand and Ireland?

T20 World Cup 2022: New Zealand vs Ireland- Who will win T20 match between New Zealand and Ireland?
Captain Williamson will have to up his game a bit to help his team qualify for the semis.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 02 Nov 2022 06:12 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 04 November 2022

Time: 09:30 AM IST

Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide

Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview

In the 37th match of the T20 World Cup 2022, New Zealand will take on Ireland on what will be a fate-deciding day for Group 1. With all six teams in Group 1 left to play a match each, these matches will decide who will qualify for the semifinals. New Zealand have their one leg into the semis while Ireland are almost knocked out. So, this game will be more about New Zealand consolidating their position while Ireland will look to end their campaign on a high. 

Pitch Report

The Adelaide pitch is best suited for batters with not much on offer for the bowlers. The square boundaries at the venue are not that big and this will also go in the batters’ favour. However, the dimensions of the straight boundaries can be exploited by bowlers. So, although batters will dominate, a good contest between bat and ball is expected. 

Team Analysis

New Zealand

New Zealand lost to England in their last game by 20 runs but still are at the top of the table. The top order not firing and bowlers failing to contain the flow of runs meant New Zealand fell short of the given target. Also, Kane Williamson not playing aggressively hurt the Kiwis. The New Zealand captain scored a run-a-ball 40 in a chase of 180. Meanwhile, Glenn Phillips continued his good form as the batter smashed a 36-ball 62 but fell alone. Nevertheless, with Ireland to face next, New Zealand will fancy their chances. They have a good NRR and just need two points. A few amendments are needed. Captain Williamson will have to up his game a bit to help his team qualify for the semis. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand

Finn Allen, Devon Conway, Kane Williamson, Glenn Phillips, Jimmy Neesham, Daryl Mitchell, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Trent Boult, Lockie Ferguson

Ireland

After stunning England in a rain-marred game, Ireland fell short against Australia. The Andy Balbirnie-led side could not chase 180 against Australia as they were bowled out for 137. None of the Ireland batters except for Lorcan Tucker really looked threatening. Tucker fell short of partners as the batter scored a 48-ball 71. Apart from Tucker, only three more batters scored in double digits. Nevertheless, it was a disappointing performance from Ireland after some really good ones. Now, with only one game left for them to play at the showpiece event, Ireland will hope to put on a memorable performance. They have New Zealand to face and if they are to beat the Kiwis, the likes of Paul Stirling and Balbirnie need to step up.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Ireland

Andrew Balbirnie, Paul Stirling, Lorcan Tucker, Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Mark Adair, Fionn Hand, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

New Zealand have all the required resources to beat Ireland on any given day. The Kiwis may have lost against England but they are still a tough opponent to be against. Therefore, New Zealand will be the favourites to win Friday’s clash.

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-new-zealand-vs-ireland-who-will-win-t20-match-between-new-zealand-and-ireland 
 ----- 
