Skip to main content
Cricket Free Tips | ICC T20 World Cup 2022, Group 1- Match 37: IRE vs NZ 
November 3, 2022 / 2 years ago
IRE vs NZ Match Details  

Match: Ireland vs New Zealand, Group 1- Match 37 | ICC T20 World Cup 2022

Date: Friday, 4 November 2022 

Time: 09:30 (GMT+5.5) / 10:00 (GMT+6)

Format: T20I

Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide

IRE vs NZ Preview
The Kiwis will be concerned about Kane Williamson’s performance since he is out of form.
Ireland’s batting order will be more vulnerable to New Zealand pacers.
The three main batters for New Zealand who are most likely to have the largest influence are Glen Phillips, Finn Allen, and Devon Conway.

 

At the Adelaide Oval on Friday afternoon, New Zealand will play with Ireland in match 37 of the 2022 T20 World Cup. New Zealand leads the group with five points from four games, although they just lost. Ireland already has three points on the board and has to win this match to increase their slim chances of making it to the semifinals. Game time for Group 1 is 14:30 local time.

Ireland failed to surprise Australia in a matchup to match their historic victory over England. They will not be intimidated by playing New Zealand because they still have a chance to place in the top two.

New Zealand will advance to the semi-finals with a win in this game since they have a far higher net-run rate than England and Australia. They are strong favorites and have a great record versus Ireland.

IRE vs NZ Weather Report

The forecast calls for mainly bright skies and a peak temperature of 19 degrees Celsius.

IRE vs NZ Match Toss Prediction

If New Zealand chooses to bat first, they can solve their batting problems. Williamson would be able to play carefree and develop his rhythm if he batted first. In the 62 domestic T20 matches played here, teams batting first have triumphed 37 times.

IRE vs NZ Pitch Report

Despite the pitch’s reputation as a batting surface, bowlers dominated the first game in Adelaide in a low-scoring contest. We anticipate an exciting match.

Ireland Team News & Probable Playing XIs

Balbirnie’s team has shown excellent consistency in their lineups throughout this competition and most of 2022. For the battle against Australia, they used the same lineup that defeated England, and despite pushing the hosts close, we anticipate seeing the same starting lineup for this match.

Recent form – L NR W L W

Ireland’s Probable XI

Andy Balbirnie (c), Lorcan Tucker (wk), Harry Tector, Paul Stirling, George Dockrell, Curtis Campher, Mark Adair, Gareth Delany, Barry McCarthy, Fionn Hand, Josh Little 

New Zealand Team News & Probable Playing XIs

Prior to their penultimate match against England in Match 33 of the T20 World Cup 2022, the Black Caps remained unaltered. No one on their team is out of form, and Lockie Ferguson, who is always monitored in terms of preventing injuries, is anticipated to start in the same lineup.

Recent form – L W NR W L

New Zealand’s Probable XI

Kane Williamson (c), Devon Conway (wk), Glenn Phillips, Finn Allen, James Neesham, Daryl Mitchell, Tim Southee, Mitchell Santner, Lockie Ferguson, Ish Sodhi, Trent Boult

IRE vs NZ Head-to-Head Stats (Last 4 matches)
Team	Won	Loss	Tie
Ireland	0	4	0
New Zealand	4	0	0
IRE vs NZ – Group 1- Match 37, Dream 11

Wicket-keeper

Devon Conway (C)
Lorcan Tucker
Finn Allen

Batters

Kane Williamson
Paul Stirling
Glenn Phillips (VC)

All-Rounders

Mitchell Santner
Curtis Campher

Bowlers

Tim Southee
Trent Boult
Joshua Little

IRE vs NZ Prediction

Winning the toss

New Zealand

Top batsman

Ireland – Lorcan Tucker 
New Zealand  – Glenn Phillips

Top bowler

Ireland – Barry McCarthy 
New Zealand  – Lockie Ferguson

Most sixes

Ireland – Lorcan Tucker 
New Zealand  –  Glenn Phillips

Player of the Match

New Zealand  – Glenn Phillips

Team Scores Batting First

Ireland – 150+
New Zealand  – 170+ 

New Zealand is the favourite to win this match.

 

Before this match against New Zealand, Ireland will be full of confidence and will feel like it has nothing to lose. We anticipate them to play freely and to pressure the Black Caps. However, New Zealand has one of the finest batting lineups in the tournament, so we expect that they will be good for Ireland’s bowlers. Overall, we think New Zealand will win.

More in Cricket Article
 New Zealand vs Sri Lanka Match Prediction – Who will win today’s 3rd T20I match between NZ vs SL?
 BBL 2024-2025: Match 18, HUR vs SIX Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BBL match between HUR vs SIX?
 BBL 2024-2025: Match 19, HEA vs STA Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BBL match between HEA vs STA?
 BPL 2024-2025: Match 3, KHT vs CHK Match Prediction – Who will win today’s BPL match between KHT vs CHK?

Copyright © 2020 - 2025 BJ Sports

   info@bajisports.live
Cricket Schedules
Video
Live Stream
Match Predictions
Match Highlights
Latest News
Blog

	
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bjsports.live/cricket_article/ire-vs-nz-match-37-prediction/ 
 ----- 
