menu

07 June 2024 | Football

share
Match Report: Shaban inspires Uganda past Botswana | FIFA World Cup Qualifiers

FIFA World Cup Qualifiers | Results

Friday, June 7, 2023
Uganda 1-0 Botswana

Uganda Cranes secured a 1-0 victory over Botswana in the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers at Mandela National Stadium, Namboole on Friday.

Muhammad Shaban's goal gave the Cranes maximum points in the colourful return to their home.

It was an electric ambience from the start as the fans kept on top of their voices chanting and drumming to give the players on the pitch the desired morale.

Uganda's best chance came in the eighth minute as Fahad Bayo's header off Steven Mukwala's delivery went narrowly wide of the frame.

A couple of minutes later, Fahad Bayo headed Steven Mukwala’s cross from the left over the bar as the Cranes continued to press for an early goal.

Elvis Bwomono’s effort was sent into the side netting for a corner that Ronald Ssekiganda headed over Allan Okello’s corner.

Bayo missed the biggest chance of the game as he headed wide Okello’s telling delivery in the 30th minute of the game.

At the start of the second half, Paul Put introduces Rogers Mato for Okello in Uganda Cranes'first change.

Coming from the locker rooms, the Cranes kept throwing bodies upfront in search of an opener but Sekiganda's effort went narrowly wide in the 55th minute.

Shaban scores against Botswana

Five minutes later, Shaban Muhammad and Bobosi Byraruhanga replaced Bwomono and Mukwala.

Shaban broke the deadlock with a touch off Omedi's cross before Namboole erupted in jubilation.

The victory takes Uganda to six points levelled with Guinea and Algeria in Group G.

Uganda Cranes will return to action on Monday, June 9 as they take on Algeria.

Recent Comments
Related Articles

December 26, 2024 | Football

Ogwang guides Uganda past Burundi | CHAN Qualifiers
Read more

December 26, 2024 | Football

Half-Time: Ogwang Puts Uganda Ahead| CHAN Qualifiers
Read more

December 26, 2024 | Football

CHAN Qualifiers: Allan Okello to lead Uganda Cranes against Burundi
Read more

December 26, 2024 | Football

Preview: Uganda, Burundi face off in CHAN Qualifiers encounter
Read more
View all Sports

Our impact

MTN Foundation
Sponsorship
MTN For Good
MTN Youth Skilling

About MTN

CEO Message
Reports
Newsroom
Contact Us
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
TWITTER
WHATSAPP
YOUTUBE
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions

MTN UGANDA IS REGULATED BY THE UGANDA COMMUNICATION COMMISSION, REACHABLE ON 0800222777 (TOLL FREE)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.mtn.co.ug/2024/06/07/match-report-shaban-inspires-uganda-past-botswana-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
