Latest News
Ukraine opens second front in Africa
Home / NEWS / World Cup Qualifiers: Three foreign based players join Cranes camp
World Cup Qualifiers: Three foreign based players join Cranes camp

The Independent June 5, 2024 NEWS, SPORTS Leave a comment

Khalid Aucho , Abdu Aziz Kayondo and Fahad Aziz Bayo attended today’s morning training session at the Mandela National Stadium, Namboole.

Kampala, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | Three foreign-based players have joined the Uganda Cranes camp for the 2026 World Cup qualifiers clash against Botswana.

The Uganda Cranes will face Botswana on Friday, June 7, 2024, in their first game, and on June 10, against Algeria. Both games are scheduled to kick off at 7:00 PM under floodlights.

Team captain Khalid Aucho, striker Fahd Aziz Bayo, and left-back Abdu Aziz Kayondo arrived at the camp on Wednesday. Midfielder Bobosi Byaruhanga is expected to join later in the evening, according to FUFA spokesperson Ahmed Hussein.

The Uganda Cranes have been in a residential camp since the end of May, training at Mandela National Stadium-Namboole’s outside pitch as they prepare for the second window of the World Cup qualifying campaign.

However, Head Coach Paul Put was forced to make changes to the initial squad when defender Bevis Mugabi and striker Uchechukwu Ikpeazu Mubiru confirmed they couldn’t participate in the campaign. Mugabi cited availability issues, while Ikpeazu reported health challenges.

Consequently, Put called up Ronald Otti and Nelson Ssenkatuka to replace the duo. The team will hold another closed-door training session this evening as they intensify their preparations for the upcoming matches.

On Tuesday, the Speaker of Parliament, Anita Among, visited the team and donated 50 million shillings. She also promised additional winning bonuses for each game the team wins.

“We are looking for six points, promise us that you will give us the six points. We know that we are going to get all that from you. We pray that when we get to these games, you put all your best. Paly for your country.” She said.

Currently, Uganda Cranes are in fourth position in Group G with three points, having won one game against Somalia and lost one to Guinea.

The Cranes trail group leaders Algeria, who have six points. Botswana and Guinea, in the second and third positions respectively, also have three points each. Mozambique and Somalia round out the group.

******

URN

Share on:
WhatsApp
Share
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google +
 LinkedIn

Tags UGANDA CRANES

Related Articles
 
Umukuuka sacks Prime Minister in cabinet reshuffle

December 29, 2024

 
Museveni to Kigezi Disgruntled Tea Farmers: I warned you

December 29, 2024

 
Kwania parents to face shs100,000 fine over chronic absenteeism of learners

December 29, 2024

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

The last Word
Kagame does it again
December 20, 2024
Requiem for America’s democracy
December 13, 2024
A requiem for Europe
December 7, 2024
SPECIAL SECTIONS
Tourism
Entertainment
Videos
Rwanda
Supplement
Opinion
Uganda Talks
Last Word
Guest Column
Comment
Opinion
Insight
Features & Society
Features
Society
Motoring
Other Links
The News Today
Business
Webmail
Powered by The Independent | Designed by GOICT
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.ug/world-cup-qualifiers-three-foreign-based-players-join-cranes-camp/ 
 ----- 
