Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Soccer
Scotland’s Euro 2024 dream dies as stoppage-time goal gives Hungary hope
Scots go out without a shot on target as Csoboth struck to ensure that Hungary finish third
Expand
Hungary's Kevin Csoboth scores the winner. Photograph: Martin Rickett/PA Wire
Gavin Cummiskey
Sun Jun 23 2024 - 22:29

Group A: Scotland 0 Hungary 1 [Csoboth 99]

Kevin Csoboth’s goal in the ninth minute of injury-time gives Hungary a fighter’s chance of reaching the knockout stages at these ridiculously exciting European Championships.

Scotland go home, as usual, to think again.

The Scots finished Group A by pounding half-chances into their well-travelled fans. Maybe the Tartan Army could sing a goal past Hungary goalkeeper Peter Gulacsi. All they wanted was one shot on target, just the one. Despite 10 minutes of injury-time, due to a serious injury suffered by Hungary forward Barnabás Varga, it never came.

READ MORE
‘I will not give up’: Pep Guardiola vows to push on as Manchester City fight for results
Mikel Arteta confirms Bukayo Saka to miss ‘more than two months’ for Arsenal
Photographs and memories: The Bosman of his day who wouldn’t be bought or sold
The year in sports quotes: The wit and wisdom - from Damien Duff to Daniel Wiffen, Kellie Harrington to Rory McIlroy

In injury time, Lewis Morgan centred for Scott McTominay but the Manchester United midfielder lunged and skied the ball into the gloom.

Then Csoboth struck to ensure that Hungary finish third in the group on three points with a minus three goal difference.

Above all other nationalities competing at these Euro, being Scottish and Turkish was about reintroducing themselves to a continent neither is a part of.

The loudest and proudest, they came to Germany in their hundreds of thousands, sporting kilts with nothing underneath. The craic has been mighty.

What made the Scottish so easy to love, from Munich to Cologne to Stuttgart is how different they have been to the English. Just before the second-half started a Uefa DJ decided to play Sweet Caroline. The Scots booed in unison until it was stopped.

Europeans now understand the difference between being from England and being British. It’s been a history and sociology lesson rolled into a four-word song: “No Scotland, No Party.”

Scotland fans watching the game. Photograph: Jane Barlow/PA Wire

No violence, no talk of wars – except the anthem Flower of Scotland referencing resistance to “Lord Edward’s army” in the 13th century – Scotland have been the epitome of good, clean, boozy fun. Their bagpipers march on every stadium has been a sight to behold.

Unfortunately, their performances have been terrible. Two goals scored, seven conceded.

Many a detour has seen Scots appearing at every other Group game, in platoons of twos and threes, putting a smile on German, Italian, Spanish faces. Rubbing shoulders with initially suspicious Albanians, Poles, Serbs, simply because they know these summer adventures are few and far between.

It’s been emotional. It ends in Stuttgart – the city that made Irish people believe anything was possible on a sporting field. Euro ‘88 was the Republic of Ireland’s first major tournament. On June 12th, 36 years ago, in this very place, Jack Charlton’s side burst into the global sporting consciousness by beating England 1-0 thanks to a goal by a Glaswegian named Ray Houghton.

Two years later, at the World Cup in Italy, Ireland went where Scotland have always failed to go, reaching the knockout stages, even beating Romania on penalties before losing 1-0 to the hosts in Rome.

Led by Robertson, this Scotland group have been vocally determined to separate themselves from the teams of 1954, 1958, 1974, 1978, 1982, 1986, 1990, 1992, 1996, 1998 and 2021.

But they failed. All of these Scottish sides failed to escape the group stages at a major tournament. After Germany humiliated them 5-1 in Munich on opening night, they dusted themselves down to draw 1-1 Switzerland thanks to a goal from Scott McTominay of pulsating quality.

But Hungary were never going to read an Irvine Welsh-scripted version of this game and play along.

Early on, Bendeguz Bolla tested Angus Gunn’s sticky gloves from 30 yards. Gunn parried and recovered.

The traditional back four is back in-vogue at these Euros, but not here. Both teams set up with three centre-halves which encouraged John McGinn and McTominay to push up alongside Che Adams as Scotland used a 3-4-3 formation.

Players of Hungary pose for a photo as Dominik Szoboszlai of Hungary of Hungary holds the shirt of Barnabas Varga (not pictured), who left the field following an injury. Photograph: Carl Recine/Getty

Such an ambition is what brought Clarke’s men to this moment. Hungary sat deep and sought to sucker punch with eight players sprinting forward whenever the Scots coughed up possession. The transitional-rush employed by their Italian coach Marco Rossi is precisely how Troy Parrott scored the winner against them in their warm-up game in Dublin earlier this month. It also failed to work against Germany and Switzerland.

It went the other way here. Their unorthodox approach was visible from kick-off as nine Hungarians lined up on the left of the centre circle to chase Roland Sallai’s high ball. Scotland easily cleared the rugby gimmick.

Hungary also came for blood. Three yellow cards were flashed by Argentina referee Facundo Tello in the first-half alone; the English born Callum Styles for a lunging tackle on McGinn, Orban for taking a lump out of the Aston Villa attacker and Andras Schafer for diving.

Scotland huffed and puffed but a narrative of their tournament has been an inability to fashion chances.

Liverpool’s Dominik Szoboszlai was the only truly world-class performer on view. His perfectly weighted free-kick should have been rewarded by Orban at the back post but the centre-half’s header glanced the top of the crossbar.

It was a let-off. So was Szoboszlai blasting over as Hungary finished the first-half the stronger side.

The crowd inside Neckarstadion in Stuttgart went silent on 68 minutes when Varga fell awkwardly in the Scotland six yard box after Scottish defender Anthony Ralston and goalkeeper Angus Gunn collided with each other.

Medics immediately entered the pitch, with a cover placed around Varga as the 29-year-old received emergency attention. Six minutes later, following a VAR check for a penalty, play resumed.

Again, Hungary finished the superior outfit with Csoboth hitting the post before coming up with the winner.

Scotland: Gunn; Hendry, Hanley, McKenna; Ralston (McLean 83), Gilmour (Christie 83), McGregor, Andrew Robertson (Morgan 89); McTominay, McGinn (Armstrong 76); Adams (Shankland 76).

Hungary: Gulacsi; Botka, Orban, Dardai (Szalai 74); Bolla (Csoboth 86), Schafer, Styles (A Nagy 61), Kerkez (Z Nagy 86); Sallai, Szoboszlai, Varga (Adam 74))

Referee: Facundo Tello (Argentina).

Sign up for push alerts and have the best news, analysis and comment delivered directly to your phone
Join The Irish Times on WhatsApp and stay up to date
Listen to our Inside Politics podcast for the best political chat and analysis
Gavin Cummiskey

Gavin Cummiskey is The Irish Times' Soccer Correspondent

Opens in new window
Opens in new window
Euro 2024
IN THIS SECTION
‘I will not give up’: Pep Guardiola vows to push on as Manchester City fight for results
Mikel Arteta confirms Bukayo Saka to miss ‘more than two months’ for Arsenal
Photographs and memories: The Bosman of his day who wouldn’t be bought or sold
The year in sports quotes: 'I wish it was my wife leaving me and not Jurgen'
Premier League: Arsenal go second with win over Ipswich; Brighton lack finishing touch
MOST READ
Film officials were warned ‘wholly inappropriate’ Joker sequel could cause ‘significant harm’ to children
Ireland’s ‘sick’ car insurance system: A scrape involving two drivers who know each other turns ‘nasty’
25 ways to improve your health in 2025: Shop less, sleep more and keep a good work-life balance
Gaza: Israel detains 240 Palestinians including medics after hospital raid
New Dublin traffic changes to take effect by mid-2025
LATEST STORIES
The Catholic Church’s Jubilee Year 2025 is a time of celebration, an expression of praise to God
DFA helped Irish people find family in Australia in days before online communication
Government wrestled with Mary Robinson’s plan to make historic first visit to Queen Elizabeth II
Nazi film Triumph of the Will shown in Dublin’s Olympia - and removed overnight due to threats
Nationalists feel ‘sense of ease’ when they travel south, Dick Spring told
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/soccer/2024/06/23/stoppage-time-goal-gives-hungary-hope-and-knocks-scotland-out/ 
 ----- 
