TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Scotland v Hungary Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Scotland v Hungary Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Scotland v Hungary in Euro 2024, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Ned Holmes
Published: Friday, 21 June 2024 at 2:10 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

It's do-or-die time for Scotland, with anything less than a victory against Hungary in their final Group A game likely to mean they head home from Euro 2024 before the fun really begins.

The Scots have never made it out of the group at a major tournament, but with the four best third-place sides qualifying for the round of 16, a win on Sunday evening should be enough to help them make history and reach the knockout stages.

Steve Clarke's side were hammered 5-1 by hosts Germany in the opener and drew 1-1 with Switzerland, who are now on course to finish second in the group unless there is a significant goal difference swing.

Read more: Euro 2024 matches on today | Euro 2024 TV coverage | Euro 2024 radio coverage

It won't be easy for Scotland, however, as Hungary are scrapping to keep their own Euro 2024 dreams alive after back-to-back defeats.

More like this
What channel is Germany v Hungary Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Some tipped Marco Rossi's team as dark horses ahead of the tournament, but they struggled to get going in a 3-1 loss to Switzerland and then were outclassed by Germany.

They will see Sunday as an opportunity to make amends, but will need to win and hope results elsewhere go their way if they're to reach the knockout stages against the odds.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up all the details for how to watch Scotland v Hungary on TV and online.

Read more: Euro 2024 fixtures | Euro 2024 presenters | Euro 2024 predictions | Euro 2024 group analysis | Euro 2024 team-by-team guide | Euro 2024 kits ranked

When is Scotland v Hungary?

Scotland v Hungary will take place on Sunday 23rd June 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Scotland v Hungary kick-off time

Scotland v Hungary will kick off at 8pm.

What TV channel is Scotland v Hungary on?

Scotland v Hungary will be shown live on BBC One with live coverage from 7pm.

Check out the full broadcast teams for both BBC and ITV with our Euro 2024 presenters, pundits and commentators guide.

How to live stream Scotland v Hungary online

You can also live stream Scotland v Hungary online via BBC iPlayer.

The streaming platform is available on a range of devices, from desktop and laptop computers to smartphones and tablets via the app.

Listen to Scotland v Hungary on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Live.

BBC Radio 5 Live is available on DAB radio, MW 693 kHz, 909 kHz and 990 kHz, or you can tune into the station via most TV packages. You can also listen to Radio 5 Live online via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Scotland v Hungary odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Scotland (15/8) Draw (13/5) Hungary (27/20)*

Bet Boost: Scotland to win, Scott McTominay over 0.5 shots on target, Che Adams over 0.5 shots on target – 7/2 4/1

Bet Boosts are only available to new and eligible customers, and are subject to availability.

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Read more: Best football players in the world | Best football players of all time

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Germany v Hungary Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Hungary v Switzerland Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
All about
Euro 2024

News, photos, videos and full episode guide

Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Germany v Hungary Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Hungary v Switzerland Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Scotland v Switzerland Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Hungary international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/scotland-hungary-euro-2024-preview/ 
 ----- 
