LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
Euro 2024: Germany faces Switzerland with both teams unbeaten and eyeing top spot in Group A
Both teams impressed in their first games: Germany routed Scotland 5-1 and Switzerland beat Hungary 3-1. Germany sustained its form by beating Hungary 2-0, the Swiss less so in a 1-1 draw with Scotland.

Published - June 22, 2024 05:58 pm IST - Frankfurt (Germany)

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

Germany team is seen during a training session. Germany will face Switzerland in their Group D soccer match at the Euro 2024 on June 23, 2024 | Photo Credit: AP

Germany goes for a third straight win in Group A against a Switzerland team that also is unbeaten. Germany has advanced to the knockout stage, and Switzerland is sure to confirm its place on June 23.

The kick-off in Frankfurt — at the same time as group rivals Hungary and Scotland meet in Stuttgart — is 9 pm local (1900 GMT, 12.30 AM [Monday]).

Here's what to know about the match:

Match facts

— Both teams impressed in their first games: Germany routed Scotland 5-1 and Switzerland beat Hungary 3-1. Germany sustained its form by beating Hungary 2-0, the Swiss less so in a 1-1 draw with Scotland.

­— Germany has already reached the round of 16 and with just a draw will finish top of Group A. That would send Germany to Dortmund for a knockout game next Saturday against the runner-up of Group C, which is currently Denmark.

— Switzerland will top the group if it wins. That would send Germany to Berlin to play the runner-up in Group B, which likely will be Italy or Croatia.

— Only freakish results could drop Switzerland to third place in the standings. The Swiss start Sunday three points ahead of Scotland, which plays Hungary at 9 pm local time in Stuttgart. Switzerland has a huge goal-difference advantage over Scotland.

— The rain-soaked Frankfurt field has been a problem, even with a stadium roof that has been closed to protect the turf from the worst of persistent downpours this week.

Team news­

— Germany had a full squad of 26 players in training Saturday morning. Coach Julian Nagelsmann has picked the same starting lineup for both games.

— Switzerland coach Murat Yakin is making changes in style and tactics. Though Kwadwo Duah scored against Hungary, he was dropped to face Scotland in favour of veteran Xherdan Shaqiri on the left side of the attack — who duly delivered a standout goal.

— Kylian Mbappe's nose is not the only damaged one at Euro 2024. Switzerland defender Fabian Schär also got a bloodied and fractured nose, though he played on against Scotland and should be available.

By the numbers

— 5-3 to Switzerland. The two team captains at Euro 2024, Granit Xhaka and Ilkay Gundogan, played in a strange game 12 years ago. In a warm-up for Euro 2012, which Germany qualified for and Switzerland didn't, the Swiss gave their neighbours a beating in Basel. It was a rough debut for a 20-year-old German goalkeeper, Marc-André ter Stegen, now the back-up to Manuel Neuer.

— Teams that win all three games in a Euros group have an up-and-down history. At the last edition, Italy swept through its group in Rome en route to the title. At Euro 2008 a vibrant Netherlands team romped through a tough group and then lost next in the quarterfinals to Russia. Germany won all three group games in 2012 before losing in the semi-finals to Italy and Mario Balotelli.

What they're saying

— “It's often been the case that the grass there isn't so firm and that players have had problems with it.” — Germany and Stuttgart midfielder Chris Führich on the Frankfurt playing surface.

— “We're happy that we're in the round of 16. Nevertheless, it will be about finishing first in the group.” — Germany midfielder Toni Kroos.

Published - June 22, 2024 05:58 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

soccer

Most Popular
Trump’s AI advisor Sriram Krishnan’s appointment reignites immigration debate
Myth of meritocracy, caste-based disparities in IT sector
CM Adityanath says law and order in Uttar Pradesh has improved, SP claims 'jungle raj' everywhere
South Korean plane with 181 passengers catches fire at Muan airport; media report 62 people dead
Frequent GPS interference, including ‘spoofing’, near India’s border with Pakistan, Myanmar
Punjab ‘helpless’ as farmer leader’s condition worsens
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
IPL auction 2025 day 2 LIVE updates 
World chess championship 
Maharashtra government formation LIVE 
Parliament winter session day 1 LIVE 
IPL 2025 auction: What are the RTM rules? 
IPL 2025 mega auction: When and where to watch? 
Live cricket scores, IPL 2025 auction news 
Tulsi Gabbard news 
Haryana earthquake 
AMD Layoffs 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Paralympics 2024 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/euro-2024-germany-faces-switzerland-with-both-teams-unbeaten-and-eyeing-top-spot-in-group-a/article68320409.ece 
 ----- 
