Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SUBSCRIBER
Late-game heroics help Red Sox snap five-game losing streak
Updated: Sep. 06, 2024, 9:43 p.m.|Published: Sep. 06, 2024, 9:34 p.m.

BOSTON, MA - SEPTEMBER 06: Pitcher Nick Pivetta #37 of the Boston Red Sox leaves the mound after the third inning against the Chicago White Sox at Fenway Park on September 6, 2024 in Boston, Massachusetts. (Photo By Winslow Townson/Getty Images)Getty Images

By Sean McAdam | sean.mcadam@masslive.com

BOSTON — It didn’t exactly qualify as an offensive explosion, even though the three runs the Red Sox managed Friday night were their second-highest output in the last eight games.

But against the Chicago White Sox, it was enough.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Contact Us
Contact MassLive
Contact The Republican
Subscriptions
MassLive.com
Newsletters
Breaking news push alerts
The Republican
E-edition Login
Subscriptions and Circulation
MassLive Media
About MassLive Media
Advertise with us
Sponsor Content
Accessibility Statement
Follow Us
Facebook
Worcester Facebook
Red Sox Facebook
Patriots Facebook
Bruins Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
HS Sports Twitter
Sports Twitter
Instagram
HS Sports Instagram
RSS
MassLive.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
High School Sports
Betting
Living
Real Estate
Obituaries
Classifieds
Autos
Jobs
More on MassLive.com
Careers at MassLive
Archives
Community rules
The Republican Archives
The Republican Special Sections
Place an ad
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.masslive.com/redsox/2024/09/late-game-heroics-help-red-sox-snap-five-game-losing-streak.html 
 ----- 
