Lightboxes
Cart
Sign in
Search for images
···
The cleats of Miami Marlins' Jazz Chisholm Jr. are seen during the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday, Sept. 13, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Aaron Gash)

Captions are provided by our contributors.

RMID:2RTKM76
Preview
Save
Share
IMAGE DETAILS
People in this picture:	Jazz Chisholm Jr.
Contributor:	Associated Press / Alamy Stock Photo
File size:	44.1 MB (1.5 MB Compressed download)

Releases:	Model - no | Property - noDo I need a release?
Dimensions:	4807 x 3204 px | 40.7 x 27.1 cm | 16 x 10.7 inches | 300dpi
Date taken:	14 September 2023
Photographer:	Aaron Gash
More information:	

This image could have imperfections as it’s either historical or reportage.

Not available to licence for any broadcast or streaming service, video on demand, film, national newspaper or to create a NFT. This content is intended for editorial use only. For other uses, additional clearances may be required.

Show more
Sorry this image isn’t available for license in your territory, please contact us for more information.
Available for Editorial use only. 
Search stock photos by tags
baseball
miami marlins
milwaukee brewers
sports
Similar stock images
RM2MBKBB4–Miami Marlins's Jazz Chisholm Jr. wears colorful cleats during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Saturday, April 23, 2022, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
heart_plus
shopping_cart
RM2ME9EGN–Miami Marlins second baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. (2) wears custom Oreo cleats during the first inning of an MLB baseball game against the Washington Nationals on Thursday, June 24, 2021. (AP Photo/Mary Holt)
heart_plus
shopping_cart
RM2PM6R9B–PHILADELPHIA, PA - APRIL 10: Cleats worn by Miami Marlins center fielder Jazz Chisholm Jr. (2) are displayed during the game between the Miami Marlins and the Philadelphia Phillies on April 10, 2023 at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, PA. (Photo by Andy Lewis/Icon Sportswire) (Icon Sportswire via AP Images)
heart_plus
shopping_cart
RM2NKB85N–ATLANTA, GA - APRIL 22: A detailed view of the Nike baseball cleats of Jazz Chisholm Jr. #2 of the Miami Marlins during the MLB game between the Miami Marlins and the Atlanta Braves on April 22, 2022 at Truist Park in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by David J. Griffin/Icon Sportswire) (Icon Sportswire via AP Images)
heart_plus
shopping_cart
RM2NN2CFG–PHILADELPHIA, PA - JULY 16: A generalview orfthe cleats belonging to Miami Marlins second baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. (2) prior to Game 1 of the doubleheader between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Miami Marlins on July 16, 2021 at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, PA. (Photo by Rich Graessle/Icon Sportswire) (Icon Sportswire via AP Images)
heart_plus
shopping_cart
390,669,325 stock photos, 360° panoramic images, vectors and videos
Changing the world one image at a time.
English
Get great features with your free account

Create your free account

Create account now
Our company
About us
Careers
Alamy Blog
Sitemap
Buying from alamy
Our Licenses
Browse by category
Enterprise
Fresh picks
Video
Live news feed
Alamy API
Sell your content
Become a contributor
Contributor help page
Contributor contract
Support
Contact us
FAQ

Get inspired for your next project!

subscribe to our newsletter now

Email address
Sign Up
Terms and conditions
|
Copyright complaints
|
Rights and Clearance
|
Cookie Preferences

Alamy and its logo are trademarks of Alamy Ltd. and are registered in certain countries. Copyright © 12/01/2025 Alamy Ltd. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.alamy.com/the-cleats-of-miami-marlins-jazz-chisholm-jr-are-seen-during-the-fourth-inning-of-the-teams-baseball-game-against-the-milwaukee-brewers-on-wednesday-sept-13-2023-in-milwaukee-ap-photoaaron-gash-image565916490.html 
 ----- 
