Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Breaking News
NOTRE DAME RALLIES PAST PENN STATE TO REACH CFP TITLE GAME
Notre Dame vs. Penn State live updates
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Pistons’ Ausar Thompson cleared to return 8 months after blood clot issue
Ausar Thompson averaged 8.8 points and 6.4 rebounds per game last season as a rookie with the Pistons
Ryan Young
Staff writer
Mon, Nov 11, 2024·2 min read

Ausar Thompson is just about ready to make his return to the court.

The Detroit Pistons announced that Thompson has been cleared to play again by the NBA’s fitness-to-play panel after dealing with a blood clot issue for months. While it’s unclear when Thompson will get to make his season debut, he will now start ramping up his basketball activity and participating in practices normally with the Pistons.

"We're happy that he's going to be able to come back and play because that process can't be easy," coach J.B. Bickerstaff said, via The Detroit News. "What he's been through, the time that he's had to put in, the ups and downs emotionally, those types of things; we're happy for him that it's over with. He gets an opportunity to come back and be a part of the group like he's always wanted to."

Thompson first started dealing with his blood clot issue in March, and it ended his rookie season after just 63 games. He’s been recovering ever since.

More NBA news
Keep up with the 2024-25 NBA season with Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus
NBA postpones Thursday's Hornets-Lakers game due to Los Angeles wildfires, coach JJ Redick's home reportedly lost
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons selected Thompson with the No. 5 overall pick in the 2023 NBA Draft. He went one spot behind his twin brother, Amen Thompson, in that draft, too. Amen was selected by the Houston Rockets.

Ausar Thompson averaged 8.8 points and 6.4 rebounds per game last season. He was one of three rookies who had at least 50 steals and 50 blocks last season, too, along with San Antonio Spurs star Victor Wembanyama and Oklahoma City Thunder star Chet Holmgren. That feat has only been accomplished by three other rookies in Pistons history, too.

Ausar Thompson
SF - DET - #9
2023 - 2024 season
8.8
Pts
6.4
Reb
1.9
Ast
0.9
Blk
25:08
Min

"It's going to take some time; we're going to have to ramp him up," Bickerstaff said. "There just hasn't been an opportunity, because of the process, for him to play five on five and do those types of things. Anybody who's been off as long as he's been off, it's just going to take us a little bit of time, but we'll always protect him first and do as much as we can; so that he's comfortable first and foremost."

The Pistons currently hold a 4-7 record this season heading into Tuesday’s contest against the Miami Heat. Bickerstaff was hired this past offseason to replace Monty Williams — who was with the organization for just a single season and went 14-68. The Pistons have made the playoffs just twice in the past decade, and they’ve managed just one winning season over that span.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Anthony Edwards scores career-high 53 of Timberwolves' 105 points in lopsided loss to Pistons

The Timberwolves might have the most one-dimensional offense in the league.

5d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bronny James called up by Lakers for game vs. Pistons, but does not play

Bronny is averaging 13.4 points per game for the Lakers' South Bay G League affiliate.

17d ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame vs. Penn State live updates, score: It's a battle in the College Football Playoff semifinal

Follow along for updates and highlights of the Orange Bowl as these teams fight for a spot in the CFP national title game.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Why are the A's spending big this winter as they relocate to Sacramento?

Brent Rooker's $60 million extension marks the latest expenditure for the typically thrifty A's.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
'He's generational': Inside Jeremiah Smith's path to stardom at Ohio State

It all started with a snub from a youth football coach that sparked a hunger in a then 7-year-old from South Florida.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 RB Exit Interview: The year of the running back renaissance

Fantasy football analyst Andy Behrens delivers his final thoughts about the running back position in 2025.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Padres ownership lawsuit drama, Verlander to Giants & Dodgers trade World Series champ | Baseball Bar-B-Cast

Jake Mintz and Jordan Shusterman discuss the Padres' lawsuit drama, Justin Verlander signing with the Giants, the Dodgers trading Gavin Lux, Brent Rooker signing an extension and make their picks for The Good, The Bad & The Uggla.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Does Notre Dame still need to join a conference? | College Football Enquirer

On today's episode of The College Football Enquirer, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde discuss the latest buzz coming from media days at the Orange Bowl. Specifically, they discuss comments made by Penn State head coach James Franklin about Notre Dame football and them needing to join a conference.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders reportedly request interviews with Lions coordinators, putting Tom Brady's Fox broadcast conflict front and center

How exactly is Tom Brady supposed to provide unfettered commentary on coaches he's interviewing as a minority owner of the Raiders?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Tyreek Hill trade reports, Mike Tomlin on the HOT SEAT? & Cowboys block McCarthy-Bears interview | Inside Coverage

In this episode of Inside Coverage, Jason Fitz, Jori Epstein, and Frank Schwab dive into the latest NFL storylines and coaching news.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Baseball Hall of Fame voting update: Ichiro Suzuki remains perfect, CC Sabathia, Billy Wagner receive high support

With 118 ballots publicly available, here's where the voting stands.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/pistons-ausar-thompson-cleared-to-return-8-months-after-blood-clot-issue-221223018.html 
 ----- 
