MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Heat edge Timberwolves 95-94 on Nikola Jovic's layup-and-1 with 7.8 seconds left
Updated Nov. 10, 2024 10:10 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Nikola Jovic made the tying layup and go-ahead foul shot with 7.8 seconds left to send the Miami Heat past the Minnesota Timberwolves 95-94 and stop their three-game losing streak on Sunday night.

Jovic, who had 15 points and seven rebounds in his first game off the bench this season, drove to the rim with four-time NBA Defensive Player of the Year Rudy Gobert subbed out. Jovic went to the line to give the Heat their first lead since 63-61.

Mike Conley's 3-point attempt at the buzzer was short and finished another harried possession by the Timberwolves, whose three-game winning streak ended. Jaden McDaniels gave them the lead with a putback of Conley's miss with nine seconds left.

Tyler Herro had 26 points for the Heat, who played without star Jimmy Butler.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Anthony Edwards scored 22 points on 8-for-24 shooting for the Wolves, who trailed by 12 points after a 3-for-15 start from 3-point range. They closed the gap to 52-51 at the break with their only solid stretch on offense.

Takeaways

Heat: Overcoming 23 turnovers with 14 steals and nine blocks, all season highs, the Heat made Minnesota's offense just as much of a mess as theirs. Jaime Jaquez Jr. (illness) returned from a three-game absence.

Timberwolves: Twenty turnovers and rough shooting was stemmed a bit by a season-best 16 offensive rebounds, six by Gobert.

Key moment
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.

Naz Reid, who went 4 for 7 from deep, hit a 3-pointer late in the third quarter to put the Timberwolves up 64-63 for their first lead since 10-9. That came midway through a 15-0 run.

Key stat

Herro set a career best with his 39th consecutive game, including the playoffs, with double-digit points. The streak started on Jan. 8.

Up next

Miami plays at Detroit on Tuesday. Minnesota plays at Portland on Tuesday and stays there for a second game on Wednesday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Miami Heat
Nikola Jovic
National Basketball Association
Anthony Edwards
Jaden McDaniels
Jimmy Butler
Tyler Herro
Mike Conley
Miami Heat
Minnesota Timberwolves
NBA - Miami Heat vs. Minnesota Timberwolves - 11/11/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/heat-edge-timberwolves-9594-on-nikola-jovics-layupand1-with-78-seconds-left 
 ----- 
