Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Detroit Pistons' veteran shooters showing why Trajan Langdon targeted them in offseason
Gannett
OMARI SANKOFA II, DETROIT FREE PRESS
November 11, 2024 at 6:08 AM

The veterans nearly saved the day for the Detroit Pistons on Sunday.

Down 13 early in the fourth quarter, Malik Beasley and Tim Hardaway Jr. delivered a series of clutch buckets, combining to score 15 points during a 21-7 Pistons run that gave them the lead, 88-87, with just over five minutes left in the game.

Beasley knocked down three 3-pointers, and Hardaway Jr. added a 3-pointer and 3-point play. After combining for eight points on 3-for-10 shooting in the first half, the sharpshooting duo stepped up as the Houston Rockets threatened to put the game away.

Tim Hardaway Jr. of the Detroit Pistons reacts against the Atlanta Hawks during the second quarter at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit on Friday, Nov. 8, 2024.

The Pistons ultimately fell short, 101-99. But the sequence was a reminder of why the front office prioritized the two over the offseason. They’re established shotmakers, and have been leaned on heavily through the first three weeks of the season.

“Tim made a shot, Malik made a shot, we got some things to get rolling for us, we got momentum, we got stops on the other end and was able to fuel off of that in-game,” Tobias Harris said at Little Caesars Arena after the loss. “Those are the types of stretches we need more of. Those happened just from us moving the basketball and defending and getting out. We have to keep excelling at that.”

Hardaway has been on fire so far, averaging 12.6 points on 47% shooting from 3. He’s started all 11 games and is fourth on the team in total points scored this season, behind Cade Cunningham, Jaden Ivey and Harris.

WHAT HAPPENED IN THE GAME: Tobias Harris bricks tying free throw as Pistons suffer gut-punch 101-99 loss to Rockets

Beasley hasn’t been as hot, knocking down 34.5% of his 3-pointers. He’s had big performances in wins, though, scoring 22 points in their victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday and 18 in their win over the Brooklyn Nets.

A career 38.3% outside shooter, the Pistons aren’t concerned about his lower-than-usual percentage. As he showed once again Sunday, he can stack 3-point attempts in a hurry.

“(They’re) guys who know who they are and trust who they are,” J.B. Bickerstaff said. "They’ve made shots in big moments, in playoff games, those types of things. In a Sunday afternoon in Detroit, there wasn’t pressure on those guys to make those shots. They got to their spot, got in rhythm and knocked them down.

“We just keep showing belief and giving guys confidence. We have guys who’ve made shots throughout their entire career, so there’s no reason to stress on that. We know they’ll find it, it’s a long season and they’ll find their averages.”

Following Sunday’s loss, the Pistons ranked 21st league-wide in 3-point percentage (33.9%) and attempts per game (34.9). There’s room for improvement in both areas, and they may be due for some positive regression.

Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham takes the ball into the key against the Houston Rockets in the fourth quarter at Little Caesars Arena on Sunday, Nov. 10, 2024.

Two of their top shooters have been in slumps. Harris, a career 36.7% outside shooter, is shooting 25%. Simone Fontecchio, a career 37.1% outside shooter who knocked down 42.6% of his attempts in 16 games with the Pistons last season, is shooting 30.3%.

The coaching staff has prioritized taking good 3-point attempts, rather than hitting a quota. Bickerstaff said he’s satisfied with the quality of shots the team has taken thus far. They just needs to knock down more of them.

“I think there’s a lot of opportunities where we can excel and get some more with a lot of drive and kicks and getting off of it a little faster,” Harris said. “It’s something that we have to hunt and we have to be willing to let them fly and get the attempts up. Good ones, too. Ones that are in the flow of the offense. I think we’ve been doing a pretty good job of it. There’s growth in figuring out how to be better at it. We’ll get there.”

[ MUST WATCH: We're talking Pistons starting at 8 p.m. Sunday live on YouTube. Tune in and join the chat. Make "The Pistons Pulse" your go-to Detroit Pistons podcast, available anywhere you listen to podcasts (Apple, Spotify) or watch live/on demand on YouTube. ]

Contact Omari Sankofa II at osankofa@freepress.com. Follow him @omarisankofa.

This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Detroit Pistons' veteran shooters providing reliability early in year

If you buy something through a link in this article, we may earn commission.
Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
People
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry open their Montecito, Calif., home to friends evacuate…
Variety
Anita Bryant, Pop Singer, Florida Oranges Pitchwoman and Anti-Gay Rights Crusader, Di…
Finance
CNN Business
Rupert Murdoch’s Fox Corp. must face 2020 election defamation lawsuit, appeals court …
USA TODAY
Ford reveals first special edition of its Mustang GTD supercar, starting at $325,000
Food
Southern Living
Does salt expire?
Simply Recipes
The easy Ina Garten side dish I can’t stop making
Lighter Side
Associated Press
AP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean
NY Post
Gen Z is ditching booze for sober-centric hubs in NYC: ‘Shocked people are in here ha…
News
Associated Press
Earth records hottest year ever in 2024 and the jump was so big it breached a key thr…
Associated Press
New LA-area fire prompts more evacuations while over 10,000 structures lost to the 2 …
Weather
USA TODAY
Pacific Palisades residents return to wreckage: 'Everybody at this point is just numb…
Associated Press
New LA-area fire prompts more evacuations while over 10,000 structures lost to the 2 …

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/detroit-pistons-veteran-shooters-showing-110820328.html 
 ----- 
