HOME
FOOTBALL
ATHLETICS
RUGBY
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
BOXING
Search
Harambee Stars suffer bitter defeat as Gabon complete comeback

16th November 2023 - By Stephen Ochieng

Kenya led 0-1 at half time but were beaten 2-1 by the full time whistle.

SHARE    
PHOTO| Harambee Stars
SUMMARY
Kenya led 0-1 at half time but two second half goals completed the comeback for Gabon.
Masoud Juma scored Kenya's goal in the match.
The team will now turn their attention to the second match against Seychelles scheduled for Monday, November 20, 2023, at the Stade Felix Houphouet-Boigny in Abidjan


By the half time whistle, the men’s national football team Harambee Stars looked like a side that would have things at least going their way in their opening Group F match in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against hosts Gabon.

A fortunate Masoud Juma header in the 40th minute had found its way into the net after Gabon’s substitute goalkeeper Anse Ngoubi Demba made a hash of Amos Nondi’s floated cross into the area with Juma timing the header to perfection to give Kenya a 0-1 lead at the break.

It would have even been 0-2 were it not for Demba’s super reflex save that denied Michael Olunga from ending his barren run in front of goal after the Qatar based forward was picked out by a pinpoint cross from Rooney Onyango who had been shifted to the right wing from his usual right back position.


Play here and stand a chance of winning the over 334 Million SportPesa Mega Jackpot

Little did the team know that their idea to sit behind the ball would only just last.

On the hour mark, Denis Bouanga, who had caused problems on the left side but without much success, finally brought the home team back into the match as he pounced on a poor clearance from Johnstone Omurwa before placing the ball beneath an onrushing Patrick Matasi in goal for the equalizer.

As his goal restored parity, the hosts together with their fans sparked into life as they switched gears in a bid to go for the kill.

ALSO READ: Gor Mahia handed 2 million fine following fan trouble in Kasarani


While they pushed forward, Kenya retreated even further, desperate to nick something away from the match.

Up until the 88th minute, when Guelor Kanga’s worldie turned the game on its head and ensured that the three points were only going one way following the late sucker punch that left Kenya with no time to respond as they started the qualifiers on a losing note.


Gabon on the other hand went joint top alongside Burundi who had beaten Gambia 3-2 in another Group F match.




Kenya will now turn their attention to the second match against Seychelles scheduled for Monday, November 20, 2023, at the Stade Felix Houphouet-Boigny in Abidjan.

ALSO READ: The richest clubs in the world

SHARE    
MUST READ
Mustread
Jackline Juma: From starting out at only 17 to becoming the first female coach to lead a men’s topflight team in Kenya
 
Mustread
Exclusive: Gor Mahia appoint Brazilian Leo Neiva to take over from McKinstry
 
Mustread
3 loan spells, adapting to new culture and learning Swedish - Kenyan defender Frank Odhiambo keeps the faith in fight for first team football in Sweden
 
Mustread
Clinton Kinanga: The last man standing in Kenya Police’s moneyed transformation
 
Mustread
Sensational Okutoyi bags African tennis title, inches closer to historic Olympic qualification
 
Mustread
Why little-known Somali League continues to lure Kenyan players
  

© 2019 SportPesa · All Rights Reserved   | About Us | Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportpesanews.com/ke/posts/post/Harambee-Stars-suffer-bitter-defeat-as-Gabon-complete-comeback/29861 
 ----- 
