skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Wednesday, Jan 08, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Human Metapneumovirus
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketA step forward for Lanka cricket, and one backward stride for India
Premium
A step forward for Lanka cricket, and one backward stride for India
Sri Lanka showed green shots of hope; India exhibited signs of rust.
Written by Venkata Krishna B
Updated: August 8, 2024 08:40 IST
5 min read
Colombo: Sri Lanka's Dunith Wellalage celebrates the wicket of India's Rohit Sharma during the third one-day international (ODI) cricket match between India and Sri Lanka at the R. Premadasa International Cricket Stadium, in Colombo, Wednesday, August 7, 2024. (PTI Photo/Kunal Patil)

Dunith Wellalage, the architect of this famous triumph, was not even born when Sri Lanka last defeated India in a bilateral ODI series. So were four other teammates of his on Wednesday. Despite missing several key players to injuries, a young and inexperienced Sri Lanka side managed to achieve what even Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara couldn’t in their glittering career. After 27 years, after a spirited effort from their batters, Wellalage’s 5/27 routed India for 138 in 26.1 overs, giving Sri Lanka a 110-run win in the third ODI, which helped them clinch the series 2-0.

Unlike the first and second ODIs, there wasn’t as much turn on offer, but that didn’t stop India from enduring another painful outing at the Premadasa. For the third time in a week, despite having all the wealth of experience and class in their ranks, India’s batting unit combusted at the first sight of pressure. If anything, the procession was quicker than what unfolded in the first and second ODI. Even the quick-fire start that at least gave them some sort of hope in the first two matches, was absent without a trace.

Chasing 249 to level the series, India’s chase seldom looked in control. From the moment Rohit Sharma and Shubman Gill walked in, their only plan was to make the most out of the hard new ball before the spinners could seize control. They yielded success, though Lankans introduced Maheesh Theekshana to handle their headaches in the first powerplay. With Theekshana making no difference, Sri Lanka turned to Wellalage, the young all-rounder touted for bigger things in.

ADVERTISEMENT
Left-arm, special

In his brief spell, Wellalage achieved what no other left-arm spinner has ever done before against India – take two five-wicket hauls in an ODI. Like he did against them a year back at the same venue, these were no ordinary scalps. His hit-list began with Rohit, before he switched ends to account for Virat Kohli, Axar Patel and Shreyas Iyer in the space of seven deliveries.

Rohit perished by going for an expansive sweep that only brushed his bat and Kusal Mendis pouched it safely. Kohli, like on Sunday, played the wrong line to an arm-ball with the angle. The bat was nowhere close to the pad. Axar lost his stumps by going back to a delivery he should have gone forward. And Shreyas, like Kohli, was guilty of playing for the non-existent turn, to be trapped in front. With Theekshana taking care of Rishabh Pant, who was in a hurry earlier on, India were six down even before the drinks were called. If India lost the plot in the first two ODIs after the first drinks break, on Wednesday they sealed their own fate.

Colombo: India’s Virat Kohli walks back after his dismissal during the third one-day international (ODI) cricket match between India and Sri Lanka at the R. Premadasa International Cricket Stadium, in Colombo, Wednesday, August 7, 2024. (PTI Photo/Kunal Patil)

Coming in at No 9, Washington Sundar helped India cross the three-figure mark, but it wasn’t going to hide the thrashing that come unexpectedly. The traces of the team that made the finals of the World Cup less than a year ago was nowhere to be seen. Sweeping the defeat under the carpet would only be detrimental as their struggles against spinners seems endless.

Rohit, though, wasn’t fazed about their inability against spinners. “I don’t think it’s a concern. But it’s something we need to look at seriously, our individual gameplans, and it’s something that puts us under pressure. We lost the series, and I feel there are a lot of areas we need to look at, rather than the positives. We need to go back and look at what we need to do when we come up against conditions like these. A series lost doesn’t mean the end of the world,” Rohit said.

ADVERTISEMENT
Fernando tornado

Earlier, with Avishka Fernando and Pathum Nissanka stitching together an 89-run stand, Sri Lanka reeled off a steady start. Though Nissanka perished for 45, Fernando stitched an 82-run second wicket partnership with Kusal Mendis, setting up a strong base for Sri Lanka. The dismissal of Fernando for 96, off debutant Riyan Parag, would alter Lanka’s course. Though a total of 270 looked possible, Fernando’s dismissal in the 36th over triggered a collapse. The hosts lost four wickets in a seven-over period as Parag’s three-wicket haul brought India back in control.

Top Sports News Now
Is in-form Yashasvi Jaiswal a worthwhile option as opener for India in Champions Trophy?
India's cricket stars skip domestic grind: Virat Kohli last played domestic red-ball cricket in 2012, Rohit Sharma in 2016
Vantika Agrawal interview: Arjuna Awardee targets grandmaster title, top 10 spot in 2025
CLICK HERE FOR MORE

But having taken the field with just lone pacer Mohammed Siraj, his expensive returns (9-0-78-1) meant India once again conceded whatever advantage the spinners had gained as Lanka posted the highest total of this series, which ensured a first series win over India this century.

Brief scores: Sri Lanka 248/7 in 50 overs (Avishka 96, Mendis 59, Parag 3/54) beat India 138 in 26.1 overs (Rohit 35, Wellalage 5/27) by 110 runs.

More Premium Stories

The mystery of the Indus script

The Hindutva-Ambedkar puzzle

How police used AI to crack a 2006 triple murder

The Sindhi connect: How a criminal case brought together a

Conqueror of Ladakh & invader of Tibet: General Zorawar Singh

Can these 25 doctor tips prevent chronic illnesses in 2025?

Express Opinion: A 2025 wishlist for farms and farmers

‘Badge engineering’: Different cars, same look

'Both father and mother have to raise their boy together':

Rajdeep Sardesai on the miscalculations of the 2024 Lok Sabha

© The Indian Express Pvt Ltd
TAGS:
Ind Vs SL
India Vs Sri Lanka
Indian Cricket Team
Rohit Sharma
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
Virat Kohli
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Mumbai News
Delhi Election
HMPV Virus Cases In India
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
TN Leaders Greet V Narayanan Over Appointment As ISRO Chief
Here Is How Much The Nvidia GeForce RTX 5090, 5080, 5070 Ti, And 5070 GPUs Will Cost In India
Justin Trudeau’s Exit Is A Wake-Up Call For Global Liberal Order
‘Temples’ Found In Firozabad, Excavation Underway
Delhi HC Refuses To Direct Centre On Plea For Rehabilitation Package To Pakistan Migrants
Kangana Ranaut Opens Up About CBFC Cuts To Emergency: ‘The Film Wasn’t Made To Mock Anyone’
Tripura BJP’s Tribal Wing Opposes Raj Bhavan Abhijan Called By CPM Tribal Arm
Elephant Runs Amok At Annual Festival In Kerala’s Malappuram, Tosses Man In Horrifying Moment. Watch
Winter Vacation 2025 (Revised): Schools In These States Are Closed Due To Cold Wave
Bihar Board Admit Card 2025: BSEB Class 10th Hall Tickets Released
Abhishek Banerjee Answers If He Is Part Of Ayushmann Khurrana’s Thama, Mirzapur Film: ‘Jahaan Aatank Hai Wahan…’
How Soapstone Mining Is Leading To Land-Subsidence In Uttarakhand’ Bageshwar
Magnitude 5.5 Earthquake Strikes China Near Source Of Yellow River
Chhattisgarh Court Files Case Against BJP MLA For Remarks On Jesus Christ; Summons Her
India Should Build Foundational Models For AI, But Investment Is Real Entry Barrier: Satya Nadella
Countries Like Canada Lost War Against Drugs And Legalised Them, But India Can Still Fight: Devendra Fadnavis
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/india-vs-sri-lanka-3rd-odi-loss-rohit-sharma-9501361/ 
 ----- 
