Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Guardians Manager Keeps Level Head After Bunt Breaks Up Perfect Game
Cleveland Guardians manager Stephen Vogt remained calm after a contest where the team's perfect game was broken up by a seventh inning bunt.
Jake Vulinec | Sep 26, 2024
Sep 16, 2024; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Cleveland Guardians manager Stephen Vogt (12) calls to the bullpen during the third inning against the Minnesota Twins at Progressive Field. / Ken Blaze-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

The Cleveland Guardians entered the seventh inning of Wednesday night’s contest against the Cincinnati Reds with a 2-0 lead and a perfect game intact. Reds outfielder TJ Friedl would then lay down a bunt single to ruin the potentially historic night. 

The Guardians' reaction after the game was as calm as possible.

Guardians manager Stephen Vogt took to the podium and seemed pleased with the team’s 5-2 win. When asked about the play, he acknowledged the reality of the situation:

“Yeah there’s a perfect game on the line, but they’re trying to win the game…there’s going to be people all over the spectrum on whether that’s okay or whether it’s not, but that’s a good baseball play. Can’t knock [Friedl] for trying to get something going”

There’s nothing in the rule book stating a player can’t bunt to break up a perfect game, but many consider it an unwritten rule. Vogt sees a player looking for any opportunity to get his team back into the game, and ultimately that’s what happened with Friedl coming around to score later in the inning.

Cleveland wasn’t the only side of the clubhouse asked about the call. Questions came flying for the first Reds player to reach base. 

“That’s what I do, there’s no surprise,” Friedl said. “I’ve gotten a lot of bunt hits off left-handed pitchers, and I’m playing the ballgame. It was a 2-0 game, and they had a perfect game.”

The Guardians haven’t had a no-hitter since Len Barker threw one on May 15, 1981, and it doesn’t look like anyone in 2024 is changing that stat.

The fans seem like they're the only group of people agitated by the entire situation. Guardians players and staff didn’t have a negative thing to say about Friedl’s bunt.

The Guardians appeared content walking away with a win on Wednesday and bringing themselves within a half-game of the top spot in the American League.

Published Sep 26, 2024
JAKE VULINEC

Jake Vulinec is an aspiring broadcaster who is currently employed at 92.3 The Fan in Cleveland, Ohio, and the Browns Radio Network. He also serves as the current play-by-play broadcaster for Cleveland Heights football and basketball.

Follow JakeVul

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/cleveland-guardians-stephen-vogt-keeps-level-head-bunt-breaks-up-perfect-game 
 ----- 
