Skip to Content
News
China
Business
TECH
ENT
Sport
HK
HotTV
Blog
News
Nets build big lead and barely hang on down the stretch for 113-110 victory over Bucks
2025-01-03 12:10 Last Updated At：12:21

MILWAUKEE (AP) — Cam Johnson scored 26 points, Cam Thomas had 24 and the Brooklyn Nets withstood a frantic Milwaukee comeback attempt down the stretch to beat the Bucks 113-110 on Thursday.

Brooklyn led by as many as 24 and still owned a 111-90 advantage with less than seven minutes left before the Bucks scored 20 straight points. The Bucks had the ball with a chance to take the lead, but Giannis Antetokounmpo couldn’t finish on his drive to the basket.

Click to Gallery

Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo fouls Brooklyn Nets' Maxwell Lewis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton dunks past Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Milwaukee Bucks' Ryan Rollins and Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton go after a loose ball during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo pauses before an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Gary Trent Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Jalen Wilson tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Bobby Portis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas shoots past Milwaukee Bucks' Brook Lopez during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' D'Angelo Russell tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Damian Lillard during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
More Images
Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo fouls Brooklyn Nets' Maxwell Lewis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton dunks past Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Milwaukee Bucks' Ryan Rollins and Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton go after a loose ball during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo pauses before an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Gary Trent Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Jalen Wilson tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Bobby Portis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas shoots past Milwaukee Bucks' Brook Lopez during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)
Brooklyn Nets' D'Angelo Russell tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Damian Lillard during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn’s Ziaire Williams got the rebound and hit two free throws with 6.1 seconds left.

Damian Lillard missed two potential tying 3-point attempts in the last 4.1 seconds.

Antetokounmpo had 27 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists while shooting 12 of 24 from the floor.

Milwaukee’s Andre Jackson Jr. was ejected from the game with 9.9 seconds left in the first half for making unnecessary and excessive contact with Brooklyn’s Nic Claxton.

Nets: Brooklyn went 3-1 against the Bucks this season, including two wins at Milwaukee over the last eight days. The last time the Nets beat the Bucks as many as three times within the same regular season is 2013-14.

Bucks: Antetokounmpo has scored at least 20 points while shooting at least 50% from the floor in each of his 26 games this season, the longest such streak in NBA history. Shaquille O’Neal (January-March 2001) and Zion Williamson (February-April 2021) were the only players to score at least 20 points and make at least half their shot attempts in 25 straight games.

D'Angelo Russell, who had 11 points and 12 assists, was carried to the locker room in the final minute with what Nets coach Jordi Fernandez said was cramps. Johnson tweaked his ankle in the final seconds.

The Nets' last basket came with 6:55 left, but they still found a way to win.

Both teams play at home Saturday, with the Nets facing the Philadelphia 76ers and the Bucks meeting the Portland Trail Blazers.

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo fouls Brooklyn Nets' Maxwell Lewis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton dunks past Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Milwaukee Bucks' Ryan Rollins and Brooklyn Nets' Nic Claxton go after a loose ball during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo pauses before an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Gary Trent Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn Nets' Jalen Wilson tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Bobby Portis during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn Nets' Cam Thomas shoots past Milwaukee Bucks' Brook Lopez during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Brooklyn Nets' D'Angelo Russell tries to get past Milwaukee Bucks' Damian Lillard during the first half of an NBA basketball game Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

Next Article
Swiss star Marco Odermatt wins again in World Cup giant slalom to deny teammate Loïc Meillard
2025-01-12 22:10 Last Updated At：22:20

ADELBODEN, Switzerland (AP) — Swiss ski star Marco Odermatt is almost unbeatable in World Cup giant slaloms — and especially at his home classic race.

Odermatt skied at his limit in the second run Sunday to rise from third place and win at Adelboden for the fourth straight year.

It was the 15th straight World Cup giant slalom since February 2023 that Odermatt has won when he completed the race. He skied out in three others.

Victory Sunday again denied his teammate Loïc Meillard, the first-run leader who finished 0.20 seconds back without making any major mistakes.

“Today was very tough, a big fight against Loïc,” said Odermatt, who has had Meillard runner-up three times in his 15-win streak. Meillard won one of the three races Odermatt failed to finish.

Luca De Aliprandini surged from 12th fastest in the morning to place third, trailing 0.69 behind Odermatt.

Only De Aliprandini was faster than Odermatt in the second run, as the Olympic and world champion raced aggressively in fast-fading light and felt his skis clash together approaching the steep final slope.

Both Norwegian contenders, Henrik Kristoffersen and United States-born Atle Lie McGrath, crashed out early in their second runs.

Odermatt’s fourth straight win on the storied Chuenisbaergli hill matched the record of Alpine great Ingemar Stenmark from 1979-82.

Winners at Adelboden traditionally have moulds of their footprints taken which are engraved on a stone memorial in the village main street. The three skiers on the podium also get a large cowbell that they ring together in the post-race ceremony.

The 27-year-old Odermatt extended his leads in the giant slalom and overall World Cup standings in search of a fourth straight crystal trophy in both. He also leads the downhill and super-G standings ahead of races at nearby Wengen next weekend.

The classic giant slalom drew a 15,000 crowd, potentially a Sunday record at Adelboden, to the course that has featured in every season of the 58-year World Cup history.

Sunshine and blue skies in temperatures of -9 Celsius (16 Fahrenheit) replaced the thick fog and snow that shrouded the slalom on Saturday. The schedule was flipped to avoid having the giant slalom cancelled Saturday.

Lucas Pinheiro Braathen, the Norway-born racer for Brazil who was second Saturday, failed to finish his first run Sunday.

Switzerland's Loic Meillard smiles after an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Switzerland's Marco Odermatt smiles after an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

From left, second placed Switzerland's Loic Meillard and the winner Switzerland's Marco Odermatt after an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Italy's Luca De Aliprandini reacts after completing an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Switzerland's Marco Odermatt reacts after completing an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Norway's Henrik Kristoffersen speeds down the course during an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Italy's Luca De Aliprandini speeds down the course during an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Gabriele Facciotti)

Switzerland's Loic Meillard speeds down the course during an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Austria's Marco Schwarz speeds down the course during an alpine ski, men's World Cup giant slalom race, in Adelboden, Switzerland, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Giovanni Zenoni)

Recommended Articles
Fires burn Los Angeles schools and destroy outdoor education sanctuaries
Los Angeles wildfires death toll rises as crews fight heavy winds to save homes and landmarks
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Sparta Prague signs Danish midfielder Anderson from Serie A’s Venezia
Pep Guardiola says Kyle Walker wants to explore a move abroad
Germany says sanctions against Syrian war crimes suspects must stay but people need relief
Russia forms an emergency task force as Kerch Strait oil spill continues to spread
Hot · Posts
Today
Week
Month
Top 1

New Zealand names young pacers O'Rourke, Smith and Sears for the Champions Trophy

Top 2

Gaza ceasefire talks 90 pct completed: Israeli media

Top 3

Detroit Auto Show 2025 highlights future of electric vehicles

Top 4

Caroline Dubois dominates and retains title but bout ends in technical draw after head clash

Top 5

Powerful winter storm that dumped snow in US South maintains its icy grip

Top 6

Australian Open: Olympic champ Zheng Qinwen starts her bid for another final on a rainy Day 1

Top 7

Israeli senior delegation to travel to Qatar for hostage deal with Hamas

Top 8

Earthquake-affected villagers relocated to prefabricated houses

Top 9

California wildfires cause at least 11 deaths with 13 still missing

Top 10

Harbin airport opens e-channels for int'l travelers to Asian Winter Games

Top 11

Winter tourism boom drives surge in sales of innovative cultural products, boosting ice, snow economy

Top 12

Russia claims controlling one more settlement in Donetsk, Ukraine says still holding Kurakhove

Top 13

Cross-strait lantern show celebrates upcoming Spring Festival with stunning lake displays

Top 14

Small village recovering after deadly earthquake in Xizang

Top 15

Seminar on governance of Hong Kong, Macao held in Beijing

Blogger
admin
Bastille Commentary
Mao Paishou
Sylvia Chen
Wing Ki Wong
Mark Pinkstone
What Say You?
Ariel
Fang Chen
Yan Shu Shen
Lai See(利是)
pe_leetung
Deep Throat
Ivy Xu
pe_jason
Copyright
User Terms
Privacy Terms
Contact Us
About Us
承印人：巴士的報有限公司 （香港九龍觀塘鴻圖道81號Contempo Place 10樓B室）

© 2025 Bastillepost. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bastillepost.com/global/article/4450060-nets-build-big-lead-and-barely-hang-on-down-the-stretch-for-113-110-victory-over-bucks 
 ----- 
