NEWSLETTERS
MLB News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
USA Today Images
The most overpaid & underpaid players at every MLB position
Updated September 20, 2023  |  By Seth Trachtman

MLB players are rarely paid huge dollars until well into their careers, which results in some "underpaid" young players and extremely bloated contracts for veterans. These are the most overpaid and underpaid players by position in the 2023 season.

 
1 of 24
Underpaid starting pitcher: Spencer Strider, Atlanta Braves
Dale Zanine / USA Today Sports Images

Strider has been a revelation for the Braves since he joined the rotation in 2022. He finished his rookie campaign with a 2.67 ERA over 131.2 innings and 200 strikeouts. His strikeout rate has gone even higher early in 2023, with a league-high 15.1 K/9 and 2.97 over his first 10 starts. The right-hander signed a six-year, $75 million contract with the Braves, but he's making only $1 million this season.

 
2 of 24
Overpaid starting pitcher: Stephen Strasburg, Washington Nationals
Sam Navarro / USA Today Sports Images

Bad luck with injuries has made Strasburg's seven-year, $245 million contract that started in 2020 one of the worst in recent memory. He's toed the rubber only eight times since the start of the contract and has yet to pitch in 2023 due to a recurrence of arm injuries. Strasburg is still due $35 million each season through 2026.

 
3 of 24
Underpaid middle reliever: Yennier Cano, Baltimore Orioles
Brad Penner / USA Today Sports Images

Cano is a legitimate candidate for AL Rookie of the Year with his dominance since being promoted by the Orioles. Through 21 appearances, Cano has allowed only 12 baserunners and two earned runs in 26.2 innings with 29 strikeouts. The 29-year-old is earning the league minimum despite his success.

 
4 of 24
Overpaid middle reliever: Drew Pomeranz, San Diego Padres
Orlando Ramirez / USA Today Sports Images

Pomeranz signed a four-year, $34 million contract with the Padres in 2020, but he last pitched in the majors in 2021. He's been nursing arm issues since then and recently underwent a cleanup procedure on his elbow. It remains to be seen if Pomeranz will pitch before his contract expires, but he's being paid $10 million this season.

 
5 of 24
Underpaid closer: Felix Bautista, Baltimore Orioles
Brad Mills / USA Today Sports Images

Bautista was promoted to closer last season after the O's traded Jorge Lopez at the trade deadline, and he hasn't looked back. The big right-hander finished last season with a 2.19 ERA and 15 saves, and he's recorded 12 saves with a 1.44 ERA and 50 strikeouts over his first 25 innings this year. Like teammate Yennier Cano, Bautista is drawing the league minimum, just over $700,000.

 
6 of 24
Overpaid closer: Mark Melancon, Arizona Diamondbacks
Robert Edwards / USA Today Sports Images

The Diamondbacks signed Melancon to closer last year but have been left in the lurch for most of his two-year contract due to injuries and ineffectiveness. He recorded 18 saves with a 4.66 ERA last season, but has yet to pitch this year due to a shoulder injury. The veteran is still being paid $6 million this season, with a $2 million buyout on his contract this offseason.

 
7 of 24
Underpaid catcher: Adley Rutschman, Baltimore Orioles
Tommy Gilligan / USA Today Sports Images

The first overall pick in the 2019 draft, Rutschman was awarded a large signing bonus but now makes the minimum salary in MLB. He emerged as an elite catcher immediately upon his promotion last year, finishing second in the AL Rookie of the Year vote with an .806 OPS and 5.2 WAR. The contribution has been even better early this year, with an .843 OPS through 229 plate appearances and continued great defense behind the plate.

 
8 of 24
Overpaid catcher: James McCann, Baltimore Orioles
Tommy Gilligan / USA Today Sports Images

Baltimore added McCann via trade from the Mets in the offseason, with New York agreeing to paid a significant portion of the two years and $24 million-plus remaining on his contract. With McCann continuing to struggle at the plate this season, he might not last until the end of the deal. After producing a .538 OPS last season, McCann was hitting .182 with a .509 OPS in his first 68 plate appearances this year. He's set to make over $12 million.

 
9 of 24
Underpaid first baseman: Vinnie Pasquantino, Kansas City Royals
Denny Medley / USA Today Sports Images

The "Pasquatch" has quickly become a fan favorite in Kansas City and has shown great ability at the plate with an .832 OPS in his rookie campaign and .818 OPS in his first 51 games in 2023. He's set to make the league minimum salary around $700,000 this year.

 
10 of 24
Overpaid first baseman: Joey Votto, Cincinnati Reds
David Kohl / USA Today Sports Images

Votto hasn't played this season following shoulder surgery, but he also struggled at the plate last season with a .689 OPS in 91 games. The six-time All-Star is in the final year of his contract, making $25 million.

 
11 of 24
Underpaid second baseman: Thairo Estrada, San Francisco Giants
Robert Edwards / USA Today Sports Images

Purchased from the Yankees early in the 2021 season, Estrada has transformed into an excellent second baseman in San Francisco. He had a .722 OPS with solid defense in his first year as a regular in 2022, but has taken his game to another level this year, hitting .301-6-17 with 13 stolen bases in his first 47 games. Estrada is earning only $2.25 million in 2023.

 
12 of 24
Overpaid second baseman: Kolten Wong, Seattle Mariners
Michael Thomas Shroy / USA Today Sports Images

Seattle is still hoping for Wong to get on track this season after trading for him from Milwaukee, but the early returns haven't been good. He hit only .167 with a .455 OPS in his first 35 games, and has lost playing time to rookie Jose Caballero. Wong is in the final season of a three-year contract, making $10 million in 2023.

 
13 of 24
Underpaid third baseman: Josh Jung, Texas Rangers
Charles LeClaire / USA Today Sports Images

A former prized prospect, Jung overcame shoulder surgery late last season and has been on a tear early in 2023. He hit .282-11-35 through his first 47 games and is earning the league minimum salary.

 
14 of 24
Overpaid third baseman: Anthony Rendon, Los Angeles Angels
Gary A. Vasquez / USA Today Sports Images

The Angels haven't been strangers to bad contracts, and Rendon is the most recent example. He signed a seven-year, $245 million contract in 2020 but hasn't performed up to par. Since signing the deal, Rendon has failed to play 60 games in a season. He hit .301-1-20 in 30 games this season, but has shown minimal power and missed more time to injury. The Angels are stuck with Rendon through 2026, as he earns over $38.5 million each remaining season.

 
15 of 24
Underpaid shortstop: Wander Franco, Tampa Bay Rays
Brad Penner / USA Today Sports Images

The former top prospect in MLB, Franco is showing why early this season after missing much of 2022 to injury. He's among the league WAR leaders, with an .846 OPS and great defense through 51 games played. Franco signed an 11-year, $182 million contract that started last season, but he's making less than $2.5 million this season.

 
16 of 24
Overpaid shortstop: Brandon Crawford, San Francisco Giants
Matt Kartozian / USA Today Sports Images

Crawford had a career resurgence in 2021, and was rewarded with a two-year, $32 million contract extension that paid him equally in 2022 and 2023. Knee problems have hindered Crawford's play since then, as he played only 118 games with a .652 OPS last season. The results have been even worst early this year, hitting .172-4-12 with a .575 OPS through 29 games played.

 
17 of 24
Underpaid left fielder: Corbin Carroll, Arizona Diamondbacks
Eric Hartline / USA Today Sports Images

Carroll was a hyped prospect before his promotion late last season and has performed admirably at the plate and in the field. The speedy outfielder has an .880 OPS with seven home runs and 14 stolen bases through 48 games this season. He signed an eight-year, $111 million contract before this season, but will make just over $1.6 million in 2023.

 
18 of 24
Overpaid left fielder: Michael Brantley, Houston Astros
Wendell Cruz / USA Today Sports Images

Houston curiously gave Brantley a one-year, $12 million contract extension during the offseason despite shoulder surgery. The accomplished hitter has yet to play a game in the majors this year after playing only 64 games last season.

 
19 of 24
Underpaid center fielder: Riley Greene, Detroit Tigers
Kirthmon F. Dozier / USA Today Sports Images

The fifth overall pick in the 2019 amateur draft, Greene is having a breakout campaign. The Tigers outfielder hit .295-5-18 with five stolen bases in his first 48 games this season. Greene will earn the league minimum of about $730,000 this season.

 
20 of 24
Overpaid center fielder: Manuel Margot, Tampa Bay Rays
Kim Klement / USA Today Sports Images

Margot is a rare recent example of an overpaid player, playing a part-time role and hitting only .244-2-13 with six steals and a .663 OPS in his first 41 games this season. The outfielder is making $7 million this season, and will be paid $10 million next year.

 
21 of 24
Underpaid right fielder: Josh Lowe, Tampa Bay Rays
Tommy Gilligan / USA Today Sports Images

Lowe struggled in his rookie season as a former top prospect, but had more than made up for it this season. The former first-round pick is making the league minimum of about $720,000 but hitting .306-11-36 with 10 steals in 42 games.

 
22 of 24
Overpaid right fielder: Wil Myers, Cincinnati Reds
Sam Greene / USA Today Sports Images

Myers was a rare free agent signing by the Reds in the offseason, but that addition has backfired early this year. He veteran has started the season hitting only .189-3-12 with a .541 OPS in 37 games, but is set to earn $7.5 million.

 
23 of 24
Underpaid designated hitter: Nolan Gorman, St. Louis Cardinals
Joe Puetz / USA Today Sports Images

Gorman had his ups and downs in his rookie season with the Cardinals, but the former top prospect has turned it on in his sophomore campaign. He hit .289-13-40 with an NL-leading .981 OPS through 47 games, but is making the minimum salary of nearly $730,000.

 
24 of 24
Overpaid designated hitter: Miguel Cabrera, Detroit Tigers
Jeff Curry / USA Today Sports Images

Cabrera is almost assuredly a first-ballot Hall of Famer as arguably the best hitter of his generation, but the last few seasons have been a drag in Detroit. The DH has taken his struggles to a new level this season, hitting only .170/.255/.205 in 98 plate appearances early in the year. He's in the final year of his contract, drawing $32 million.

Seth Trachtman is a sportswriter, digital marketer, and fantasy sports expert based in St. Louis, Missouri. He’s a two-time winner of the Tout Wars Fantasy Baseball Expert’s League, and his work has appeared in hundreds of fantasy baseball and fantasy football newsstand and online publications. He’s a University of Missouri alum and long-suffering turned spoiled Kansas City Chiefs fan. Seth doesn't often Tweet, but when he does, you can find him on Twitter/X @sethroto.

More must-reads:

Watch: Aaron Judge destroys L.A. pitching and Dodger Stadium in Yankees' win
Former top prospect sees first Major League action in nearly a decade
The '2024 award winners' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
MLB
Yankees land incredible bargain on exciting infielder
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
MLB
Mets Loosely Linked To Cardinals 10-Time Gold Glove Award Winner
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…

The San Francisco Giants have finally started to open up their check books again, getting over the hump since their last big failed free agent signing. ESPN's David Schoenfield recently looked through each MLB team's immediate history to find their worst mistake since 2020. One Giants contract stood out above the rest. It wasn't long ago, free agency ahead of the 2023 season, that San Francisco gave outfielder Mitch Haniger a three-year, $43.5 million deal. He lasted barely one calendar year with the team. The contract was already not too exciting when it happened, so to have it immediately blow up had to hurt. In the last year of his first stint with the Seattle Mariners, before being given the deal, he had posted a .246/.308/.429 slash line with 11 home runs. Nothing otherworldly, but still carried some value in the backend of the lineup. Haniger played just 61 games for the Giants in 2023. He struggled when healthy and then missed most of the campaign with a forearm injury. During the time that he was actually on the field, he posted just a .209/.266/.365 slash line. San Francisco clearly had some hangups about handing out this deal given that he was traded away the next offseason. Back in January of 2024, the Giants sent Haniger, Anthony DeSclafani and cash to Seattle for Robbie Ray. The 34-year-old slugger was healthier back with the Mariners this season, but the results only got worse. As for San Francisco, they are likely not to miss that contract but the trade has been fairly neutral for them so far. Ray did not have his debut in a Giants uniform until late July, so it's hard to really judge his contributions so far. In his first 30.2 innings of work in San Francisco, he has a 4.70 ERA. His control issues have popped up again, which is what has held him back. The 33-year-old won a Cy Young back in just 2021, though. He hasn't pitched a full season since the campaign after that, though. Perhaps he just hasn't had the chance to find a groove. Overall, the Haniger trade being their worst move is fairly tame compared to what some teams have experienced. His contract is also dwarfed by the deals handed out to Matt Chapman and Willy Adames over the past few months. Those contracts will be under great scrutiny as the Giants search for another postseason push.

NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NFL
Maxx Crosby Makes Major Personal…
College Football
Urban Meyer doesn't hold back thoughts on James Franklin's…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Everybody wondered the same thing about Ohio State's Jeremiah Smith…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NFL Quiz
The 'NFL coaches with the most playoff wins'…
College Football
Texas' Arch Manning decision surprised Kirk Herbstreit
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…

Pittsburgh Steelers star wide receiver George Pickens started the 2024 NFL season in dominant fashion, showcasing his ability to take over games and solidify his role as the team’s top playmaker. However, his momentum was derailed by a nagging hamstring injury that sidelined him for three games. Upon returning to the lineup, Pickens found himself underutilized, leaving him visibly frustrated as the Steelers struggled to close out the regular season on a high note. The frustration reached a boiling point during last Saturday’s matchup against the Cincinnati Bengals, where Pickens endured one of the worst performances of his career. Targeted six times, he managed only a single catch for zero yards, a stat line that shocked fans and analysts alike. The low point came late in the game when Russell Wilson missed a wide-open Pickens on a potential game-winning play, a misstep that underscored the lack of chemistry between the two in that game. Adding to the intrigue, ESPN’s Brooke Pryor reported that Pickens is now dodging media interviews ahead of the Steelers' critical playoff showdown against the Baltimore Ravens. Whether his silence signals a brewing storm or a focus on redemption, it has only added to the swirling speculation about his mindset and the team’s ability to bounce back. All eyes are on Pickens as the Steelers prepare for one of their most pivotal games of the season. This move by Pickens is likely a strategic one. The Pittsburgh media has often been harsh on the star wide receiver, rarely giving him the benefit of the doubt, even as he continues to produce in an offensive scheme that fails to cater to his strengths. Despite the Steelers’ offensive struggles, Pickens has remained one of the few bright spots. While his frustrations are usually valid, some fans believe he could express them in a more mature manner. Before the Bengals game, Pickens was asked a question that could have sparked tension between him and Wilson. Rather than risk his words being misconstrued, Pickens wisely chose not to answer. This measured response reflects a deliberate effort to avoid unnecessary drama, showing growth in how he handles pressure situations. This week, Pickens seems committed to maintaining his focus and avoiding any distractions as the Steelers prepare for their playoff matchup. By staying silent and locked in, he’s prioritizing the team’s success over external noise, a move that could prove crucial as they face the Ravens. Steelers fans can critique Pickens all they want, but fairness is essential. At just 23 years old, Pickens is widely regarded as one of the most talented offensive players in the league. Yet, he’s like a Lamborghini stuck in a used car dealership — an analogy that perfectly captures how underutilized he’s been during his first three seasons in Pittsburgh. Despite the limitations, Pickens has still managed to deliver big moments for the offense when it mattered most. If the Steelers hope to upset the Ravens in their playoff matchup, they’ll need a standout performance from Pickens. His absence was felt during their 34-17 loss to Baltimore earlier this season, where the offense struggled to find rhythm. A strong game from Pickens could be the key to defying the odds and pulling off a monumental upset against their division rival.

Entertainment
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NHL
NHL Trade Talk Weekend Rumors: Oilers, Flames, and Bruins

We’re adding a new weekend series called our NHL Trade Talk weekend rumors report. Each Saturday and Sunday, we’ll be looking at some of the biggest rumors in the NHL and updating our readers on the latest updates. In our first installment of NHL rumors, we’ll be looking at the Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames, and Boston Bruins. More specifically, Evander Kane‘s injury situation, Rasmus Andersson‘s comments about a trade out of Calgary, and the drama surrounding Brad Marchand and David Pastrnak. Evander Kane Injury Update Leads to Trade Deadline Rumors Despite offering an update on his injury status and confirming he had an additional surgery this week that will delay his rehab, there are still serious question marks when it comes to Evander Kane’s return to the Edmonton Oilers. Kane said he didn’t think his timeline would be pushed back too dramatically after a knee scope, but he wasn’t prepared to give a date or timeline estimating when he’d get back on the ice. He said he hasn’t skated at all and that would be the real test. Oilers’ GM Stan Bowman also spoke with the media and said things are “status quo” on Kane’s return, but that the Oilers are making plans to see players they’ve identified as possible deadline targets. As for if he’s leaning towards Kane going on LTIR and the Oilers using that cap space at the trade deadline, Bowman said, “I don’t know if it changes as much as people think it changes.” He added, “It’s not that dramatically different.” A few names have been linked to the Oilers, but David Staples of the Edmonton Journal liked Connor Murphy from the Chicago Blackhawks. Rasmus Andersson Says He Hates the Oilers and Canucks After David Pagnotta of The Fourth Period, claimed Rasmus Andersson “would be open to a move and would welcome one.” , Sportsnet’s Eric Francis asked the defenseman for his thoughts on leaving Calgary. Andersson said he wanted to stay and was hoping to re-sign, but admitted it’s not really in his control. He noted, “It’s not like I’m sitting on a full no-move.” Andersson added, “I love playing here, and I’ve always loved playing here—that’s never going to change.” He then said, “I hate the Oilers, I hate the Canucks, and that’s just the way I am. Of course, I would love to stay here, but I’ve heard from everyone else who has been in my situation that it’s a business. So, we’ll see what happens.” Was Andersson hinting that he’d try and block a trade to one of the Oilers or the Canucks? Ironically, those are two of the teams that might be the most interested in acquiring him if he shakes loose at the deadline. Are the Rumors True? Is the Bruins Locker Room Split? We covered the Brad Marchand and David Pastrnak rumors extensively on Friday, when a report from Rich Keefe, co-host of Jones Keefe, went viral and got the attention of the Bruins players. Brad Marchand was particularly upset, calling the report total fabrication and calling for the reporter to be fired. Pastrnak also spoke out and refuted the report. But, is this the players trying to get a handle on something? Or, was this reporter just making things up for clicks? Jimmy Murphy is a reporter out of Boston who isn’t so sure. He tweeted, “My take on the Marchand-Pastrnak report is that Marchand is telling the truth but that Keefe didn’t make this up out of thin air.” He added, “Someone with an agenda fed him that and that someone won’t face the heat that Keefe will. That being said, you need to triple check your sources.” It will be intriguging to see how the Bruins respond. Will this unify the team and get them back on track? Or, will it do what a similar story in Vancouver did and create a bigger problem? The Canucks didn’t know how to handle reports of a rift between J.T. Miller and Elias Pettersson and their season has taken a turn for the worse.

NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
NFL
Bears add franchise icon to list of HC candidates
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
NHL PR Issues Statement on Chicago Blackhawks Forward…
NFL
Former Cowboys star arrested on multiple charges, posts wild…
College Football
Cotton Bowl takeaways: Ohio State advances to CFP championship…
30 essential ‘90s movies that turn 30 in 2025
NBA
Did Warriors Find Key Piece in Their Rebuild?
General Sports
Paul Finebaum Slams College Football Playoff Team for 'Arrogance'
NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game

The New Orleans Pelicans have learned they can't rely on Zion Williamson to stay healthy. This week, they learned they can't even rely on him to show up for a flight on time. The Pelicans suspended Williamson for Friday's game with the Philadelphia 76ers after he showed up significantly late for the team's flight on Thursday. Williamson apologized to his teammates and to owner Gayle Benson, releasing a statement that said in part: "There is no excuse for being late to team activities. I have apologized to Mrs. Benson and my teammates and coaches and I also owe an apology to the fans. I can and will be better as a teammate and member of this organization." But according to insider Chris Haynes, it's not the first time Williamson has been late this season. The one-game suspension is not simply due to the flight, but to multiple practices where Williamson also showed up late. Since the Pelicans selected Williamson with the No. 1 overall pick in 2019, there have been persistent questions about the All-Star forward's habits and commitment. In 2021, Pelicans beat writer Jake Madison reported that Williamson regularly skipped rehab sessions for a foot injury that ended up costing him the entire season, while also falling asleep in film sessions. At that same time, insiders reported that Williamson's weight had ballooned to 330 pounds due to poor diet and inconsistent workouts. That's well above his listed playing weight of 284 pounds. This week, Williamson looked quite healthy in his first game of the series, scoring 22 points and throwing down spectacular dunks in the Pelicans' 104-97 loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves. Now that his health isn't an issue for now, the Pelicans have to worry once again about Williamson's mindset. Injuries are understandable. Persistent tardiness is not.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More MLB News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/mlb/articles/the_most_overpaid_underpaid_players_at_every_mlb_position_092023/s1__38866360 
 ----- 
