Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Sports » Drury has 2 homers…
This article is about 2 years old
Drury has 2 homers and 5 RBIs as Angels beat playoff-bound Rays 8-3

The Associated Press

September 20, 2023, 11:02 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Brandon Drury homered twice with five RBIs and the Los Angeles Angels stopped a six-game skid by beating the AL wild card-leading Tampa Bay Rays 8-3 on Wednesday night.

Tampa Bay remained 2 1/2 games behind first-place Baltimore in the AL East.

“We were watching the game earlier,” Rays catcher Christian Bethancourt said of the Orioles’ 2-1 loss at Houston. “The situation that we are in, knowing that they lost, we just didn’t take advantage of the situation.”

Drury hit a three-run drive off Aaron Civale (7-5) during a four-run second that put the Angels ahead 6-0. He made it 8-1 on his 23rd homer, a two-run drive in the sixth against Erasmo Ramírez.

“Pretty impressive,” Angels manager Phil Nevin said. “He can really hit.”

Los Angeles had been outscored 38-13 during its skid.

The teams combined to strike out 30 times, including 19 by Los Angeles batters. The Angels’ Jo Adell fanned four times, and four teammates struck out three at-bats each.

“If we’re going to score eight, we’ll take the 19, I guess,” Nevin said with a smile. “It wasn’t exactly pretty, but we got it done.”

The 19 strikeouts tied the Rays’ record for a nine-inning game.

Civale allowed six runs and seven hits over three innings. Since being acquired from Cleveland on July 31, he is 2-2 and has lasted 5 1/3 innings or fewer in eight of nine outings.

Reid Detmers. who missed his scheduled start Sunday due to illness, lasted just four innings despite being staked to a six-run lead. The lefty allowed one run, three hits and two walks but struggled with his command and threw 96 pitches. He did hold the Rays to 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position.

Tampa Bay converted 2 of 16 chances with runners in scoring position overall.

Issac Paredes had a third-inning RBI single off Detmers, who had a no-hitter in his only other start against the Rays on May 10 last year.

Yandy Díaz cut the deficit to 8-3 when he flared a two-run double down the right-field line in the sixth off Andrew Wantz (2-0). Díaz went 1 for 4 , dropping his average to .322.

Tampa Bay’s Luke Raley will have an MRI exam Thursday on his left arm following a swing while pinch-hitting in the seventh.

“My left arm just kind of went numb,” Raley said. “So, Just kind of had dead arm. We’re going try to get figured out. It’s not super painful. It’s just I feel like I have no strength.”

Raley sat out the previous three games due to neck stiffness.

GRIDIRON WORKOUT

Rays reliever Jake Diekman wore a Nebraska football helmet in the outfield during a pregame pitcher strength drill that involved catching a football while running pass patterns. Diekman is from Wymore, Nebraska.

GETTING ON-BASE

Los Angeles 1B Nolan Schanuel singled in the first to reach base in 24 straight games starting his career. It is the longest streak since current Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli had a 24-game run in 2003 with the then Tampa Bay Devil Rays.

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Zach Eflin (15-8) is looking to become the AL’s first 16-game winner Thursday against Angels RHP Griffin Canning (7-7). Atlanta RHP Spencer Strider tops the major’s with 18 victories.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Liverpool routs Accrington Stanley to advance in the FA Cup while Brentford stunned
BetMGM Bonus Code WTOP1500: Grab $1,500 NFL Wild Card Promo
Caesars Sportsbook Promo Code WTOPDYW: Claim 10 Profit Boosts for NFL Wild Card
Recommended
Here's how DC-area roads looked this morning — and what you can expect overnight
Firefighters race to contain Los Angeles wildfires with menacing winds forecast to return
'We need to do more to get it right': Prince George’s Co. acting exec addresses snow removal efforts
Related Categories:
	Sports
Around the Web
Urologist: Many Men With an Enlarged Prostate Do Not Know About This Simple Tric
Titan Flow
Discover Scholarships for Your Studies in Taipei
WishJobs
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Top 5 Ways to Make Money Online Today - Daily Payment
oHee
Best Ways To Make $100 Fast (Every Day Online)
Wish Jobs
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/sports/2023/09/drury-has-2-homers-and-5-rbis-as-angels-beat-playoff-bound-rays-8-3/ 
 ----- 
