Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
NFL Week 2 Winners and Losers: Deshaun Watson sinks, Dak Prescott swims

Some teams are 2-0 and some are 0-2. Life in the NFL is always unpredictable.

Dak Prescott and Deshaun Watson enjoyed a very different Week 2.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
19/09/2023 - 21:37 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Jerry Jones weighs in on Deion Sanders' potential NFL coaching future
NFL. Kylen Granson holds hilarious 'newborn baby' photoshoot with football from first NFL touchdown

Two weeks into the 2023 NFL season, there aren't a whole lot of surprises. Save for the Cincinnati Bengals, who look like a shell of themselves, most of the teams and players have performed relatively up to expectations.

But we are starting to see some storylines develop, particularly in regards to some maligned quarterbacks whose seasons have taken different paths. There's also the topic of the Los Angeles Chargers, who continue to be the Chargers and can't change their fortune.

Winners
Dak Prescott

Prescott took a fair share of criticism over the offseason, with plenty of questions about whether he's the Cowboys' true franchise quarterback. He didn't have to do anything in a 40-0 blowout of the Giants in Week 1. In Week 2, he faced a relentless Jets defense that made Josh Allen look like a backup in Week 1.

Prescott proceeded to carve up the Jets secondary, completing 81.6% of his passes, taking only a single sack and throwing for 255 yards and two scores. Wide receiver Brandin Cooks should return from injury next week. If Dak and the Cowboys could do that to an elite defense, the best is yet to come for their passing offense.

Baker Mayfield

Life in Tampa could not be going more smoothly to start for Mayfield. After signing as a free agent in the offseason, Mayfield had impossible shoes to fill, those of Tom Brady. But through two weeks, the Buccaneers are off to a 2-0 start. In the Week 2 win over the Bears, Mayfield threw for 317 yards, averaging 9.3 yards per pass attempt.

Mayfield has looked very in control so far this season, avoiding the turnovers that plagued him over the past few seasons. In a wide open NFC, the Buccaneers still have the talent to compete with anyone, especially if Mayfield continues playing like he has.

Losers
Deshaun Watson

Since Watson made his Browns debut last season, he has been one of the least effective quarterbacks in the NFL. On Monday Night Football against the Steelers, Watson took six sacks, lost two fumbles and threw an interception. The interception and one of the fumbles were returned for touchdowns by the Steelers defense.

Watson also lost his offense's best player, Nick Chubb, to a major knee injury. The Browns handed Watson a fully guaranteed mega deal before he even played a game for the franchise, and he continues to show no shades of the 2018-2020 Pro Bowl version of himself.

Los Angeles Chargers
MORE in MARCA
Ben Affle ck retu...
Marca
Prince Harry...
Marca

Coming into the season, expectations were high for the Chargers. Kellen Moore came over from Dallas as the new pass-happy offensive coordinator to help Justin Herbert reach another level. Instead, the Chargers have started 0-2 against two AFC teams and Herbert has drawn criticism for not elevating the team to wins. The true culprit so far has been a disastrous pass defense that has allowed 466 yards to Tua Tagovailoa and a 10.3 yards per pass attempt performance from Ryan Tannehill.

An 0-2 start has generally resulted in that team missing the playoffs a little under 90% of the time. Head coach Brandon Staley is on the hot seat as the Chargers need to pick up wins with the Vikings, Raiders, Cowboys and Chiefs on the horizon.

NFL - English
Dak Prescott - English
Baker Mayfield - English
Deshaun Watson - English
Los Angeles Chargers - English
Dallas Cowboys - English
Tampa Bay Buccaneers - English
Cleveland Browns - English
Justin Herbert - English
Pittsburgh SteelersSteelers get pick-six on the FIRST play of the game against Browns
Dallas CowboysDak Prescott leads NFL quarterbacks in this category, and is not interceptions
Dallas CowboysDak Prescott vs. Trey Lance: Cowboys exec reveals master plan for QB room
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
全新BMW X7 M Excel lence限量版
BMW Taiwan 總代理汎德
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2023/09/20/650a58e3268e3eda2b8b456d.html 
 ----- 
