Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
Winter storm
SPORTS
Alvarez and Tucker power Astros to 10-4 win over Angels
1 of 15 |  

Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez, right, celebrates his solo home run against the Los Angeles Angels with third base coach Gary Pettis during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

2 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Kyle Tucker watches his solo home run against the Los Angeles Angels during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

3 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve laughs after being hit by a pitch by Los Angeles Angels’ relief pitcher Michael Stefanic during the eighth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

4 of 15 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Ronel Blanco reacts after striking out Los Angeles Angels’ Jack Lopez to end the top of the sixth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

5 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Jeremy Pena slides into second for a double against the Los Angeles Angels during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

6 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Victor Caratini hits a three-run home run against the Los Angeles Angels during the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

7 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Victor Caratini, right, celebrates with Yainer Diaz after hitting a three-run home run against the Los Angeles Angels during the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

8 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Reid Detmers throws against the Houston Astros during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

9 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Logan O’Hoppe, right, celebrates his solo home run against the Houston Astros with third base coach Eric Young Sr. during the fourth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

10 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Victor Caratini, center, celebrates with Jeremy Pena (3) after hitting a three-run home run against the Los Angeles Angels during the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

11 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Victor Caratini (17) celebrates after hitting a three-run home run against the Los Angeles Angels during the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

12 of 15 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve hits an RBI single against the Los Angeles Angels during the second inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

13 of 15 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Ronel Blanco throws against the Los Angeles Angels during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

14 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Nolan Schanuel reacts after hitting a double against the Houston Astros during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

15 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Nolan Schanuel (18) slides into second for a double past Houston Astros second baseman Jose Altuve during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

BY  ADAM SPOLANE
Updated 2:58 AM UTC, September 22, 2024
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — Yordan Alvarez and Kyle Tucker hit back-to-back home runs and finished with four hits apiece in the Houston Astros’ 10-4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night.

Victor Caratini launched an early three-run homer to help back Astros starter Ronel Blanco (12-6). Houston had a season-high 20 hits and lowered its magic number to three for clinching the AL West crown.

Alvarez and Tucker connected off reliever Ryan Miller in a span of three pitches, extending the lead to 10-2 in the seventh inning. It marked the seventh time the team has hit back-to-back home runs this season.

“He didn’t even let me enjoy the homer because as I was getting to the dugout he was already hitting his,” Alvarez said through an interpreter.

Tucker put together his second consecutive four-hit game. Alvarez entered the night hitless in his previous 12 at-bats.

Alvarez and Tucker hit successive doubles in the first to give the Astros a 1-0 lead. The Angels tied it in the second when Mickey Moniak scored on Logan O’Hoppe’s double after a throwing error by left fielder Mauricio Dubón.

Houston regained the lead in the second when Jose Altuve singled home Caratini with the bases loaded. Jake Meyers scored when the next hitter, Alvarez, grounded into a double play.

RELATED STORIES
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Kyle Tucker says he is open to long-term deal with Cubs after trade from Astros
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says

Houston broke open the game with a four-run third that included a three-run shot by Caratini, who also walked, singled and scored two runs.

Meyers went 2 for 3 with a double, two walks, a stolen base and a run.

Blanco allowed two runs and seven hits over six innings with nine strikeouts. His 2.88 ERA ranks third in the American League.

“I tip my hat to him,” Astros manager Joe Espada said. “From day one, that no-hitter he threw (in his first start), he’s been embracing that role. He’s been grinding it out. We gave him that little breather. His stuff looks good. He’s been a workhorse for us.”

Angels starter Reid Detmers (4-8) was chased after letting the first four Astros batters reach safely in the third. He gave up seven runs and nine hits while retiring just five of the 17 hitters he faced.

“Too many pitches out over the middle of the plate,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. “As relentless as that lineup is, you’ve got to make them work for their at-bats. They had too many easy swings. He was out there competing, but when he didn’t get it where he wanted to get it, they didn’t miss it.”

O’Hoppe went 4 for 4 with a home run and two doubles. Nolan Schanuel extended his hitting streak to a career-high 12 games for Los Angeles.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Angels: OF Jordyn Adams was out of the lineup for a second straight game due to right knee soreness.

Astros: RHP Tayler Scott was placed on the 15-day injured list due to a thoracic spine strain. … OF Chas McCormick, on the injured list since Sept. 11 with a fractured right hand, was able to grip a bat before the game and is getting closer to taking swings.

UP NEXT

Houston RHP Spencer Arrighetti (7-13, 4.68 ERA) opposes RHP Griffin Canning (6-13, 5.16 ERA) when the series concludes Sunday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Watchdog group seeks investig ation into RFK Jr. for voting from a 'sham' address
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Poulin scores `Superwoman' goal, Victoire beat Sceptres 4-...
Marie-Philip Poulin scored a spectacular “Superwoman” goal and added an empty...
AP News
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Address (Take a...
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Venezuela latest: Nicolás Maduro to be inaugurated for a...
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro will be sworn in for a third six-year term after...
AP News
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Search Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-angels-score-bca2c6aaccdbebf4cd54d60fc01126f5 
 ----- 
