ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Estonia's Euro2024 playoff hopes dashed in 5:1 away loss to Poland
NEWS
ERR
22.03.2024 05:30
Poland versus Estonia European Championships playoff semi-final in Warsaw, March 21, 2024. Source: SCANPIX/Reuters

Estonia's last gasp chance to make the UEFA European Championships football finals in Germany this summer were decisively laid to rest in Warsaw Thursday night as the team, reduced to 10 men after a first-half sending-off, went down 5:1 at the Narodowy Stadium.

Ahead of the playoff Path A semi-final clash, former Liverpool and Cagliari Calcio defender Ragnar Klavan, back in the squad at the age of 38, said he was: "Happy about the game that awaits us."

"It will surely be a tough challenge, but the dream we're fighting for is a major one both for me and for all the other players," Klavan, who now plays for Paide Linnameeskond, continued.

Despite having a goal difference of minus 20 and accruing just one point by the end of its Group F qualification campaign, by dint of the play-off rules and thanks to a strong 2022 Nations League season, Estonia still retained a chance to make it to Germany this summer, ahead of teams such as Sweden (who finished third in Group F with 10 points) who were already out.

Poland, European Championship quarter finalists in 2016, finished a surprising third in Group E in the qualification rounds, behind Albania and the Czech Republic.

The team sheet contains several household names, including striker and captain Robert Lewandowski (Barcelona), who had scored 82 goals across 146 international appearances on the eve of Thursday's match, defender Jakub Kiwior (Arsenal) and wing-back Nicola Zalewski (AS Roma).

Estonia on the other hand was spread thin from the outset, due to injury hitting several of manager Thomas Häberli's key players, including Sergei Zenjov, Mattias Käit, and Rauno Sappinen.

Veteran midfielder Konstantin Vassiljev was also not included in the 23-man squad; he has missed most of this season's domestic Meistriliiga matches due to injury too.

Klavan: When Jürgen Klopp first called me, I didn't believe it was him

Ragnar Klavan, who last played in March 2022, as noted was back on the team sheet. Karl Hein (Arsenal) started in goal, while Martin Vetkal, a midfielder with AS Roma, also played the full 90 minutes.

Experienced Slovenian referee Slavko Vincic officiated.

From kickoff, Estonia found itself under intense pressure from the hosts, with Poland creating numerous dangerous situations on both wings; notably Zalewski down the left.

At 22 minutes Przemyslaw Frankowski (Lens) put the ball past Hein. More bad luck followed five minutes later when defender Maksim Paskotši was sent off for a second yellow.

Despite being down to 10 men and despite a lack of chances for the visitors and continued pressure from Poland, 1:0 to the latter is how it remained at half-time.

The Poles came out blazing after the break, however; a clinical cross from Zalewski was headed in from a few yards out by midfielder Piotr Zielinski (Napoli).

Poland did not sit back for the rest of the match and kept the heat up until the 70th minute, when a trio of goals arrived in the space of six minutes; Jakub Piotrowski (Ludogorets Razgrad) scored a cracker from about 20 yards out, an own goal off defender Karol Mets from a cross from AS Roma man Zalewski again, and attacking midfielder Sebastian Szymanski (Fenerbahçe ) making it five a couple of minutes later.

Estonia at least managed to pull off a consolation goal on the 78th minute; Markus Soomets outfoxed a Polish defender down the left flank and found Martin Vetkal with a through-ball. The AS Roman man playing in the number 10 spot for Estonia put the ball past Wojciech Szczesny's (Juventus ) hands from seven yards out.

The statistics say it all; Poland had 74 percent of the possession and made 25 shots to Estonia's one, and was awarded 17 corner balls to Estonia's one. The hosts delivered 649 accurate passes, compared with 77 for Estonia.

Thursday night was not a good one for the northern Baltic region as a whole; Finland went down 4:1 away to Wales, meaning the playoff final, in Cardiff, will be Wales-Poland. The winner goes through to Euro2024, joining the Netherlands, Austria, France in Group D.

Additionally, the winners of Path B (Ukraine play Iceland in that final) and Path C (Georgia versus Greece) will also book their places in the finals this June-July.

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: Andrew Whyte, Anders Nõmm

football
european championships 2024
estonian men's football team
euro2024
Message ERR News
RELATED
Klavan: When Jürgen Klopp first called me, I didn't believe it was him
Estonia looking to bounce back from Poland defeat in Finland friendly
Kristin Tattar down to eighth in Texas, Kristi Unt puts in impressive showing
Estonian U21s football team triumph 6-1 over the 'wrong' Danish side
Estonian team ready for tough Euro 2024 play-off against Poland
Experienced Slovenian ref to oversee Estonia-Poland Euro2024 play-off match
Kadriorg Stadium's new floodlights disturb local residents
Estonia to face Luxembourg and Albania in Euro 2025 qualifiers
Estonian Meistriliiga preview: Experts tip FCI Levadia for 2024 title
NEWS IN SIMPLE ESTONIAN
Lihtsad uudised 27. detsembril
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
17:42
Electricity sellers: Undersea cable break will lead to higher prices
17:14
Minister: Infrastructure surveillance depends on capability, threat assessment
16:50
Physics teacher: Outgoing year rich in cosmic phenomena
16:05
Gallery: 2024 through ERR's photographers' lenses
15:43
Housing loan interest rate falls to two-year low
15:10
Eneli Jefimova clinches Athlete of the Year for second year in a row
14:33
Võru County schools offering organic lunches say local produce in short supply
13:50
Pärnu cruise tourism fades away
13:06
Delfi names prime minister's 'tax festival' word of 2024
12:39
Overview of Estonia's 2025 tax changes
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
29.12
New Russian shadow fleet ship spotted near undersea cable in Gulf of Finland
28.12
Stores will stop giving out 1 and 2 cent coins from January 1
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
08:25
Traffic camera to take pictures of cars using bus lanes in Tallinn
07:08
Finnish police: Drag mark running tens of kilometers along the seabed
12:39
Overview of Estonia's 2025 tax changes
07:21
Former Navy chief: Finland's handling of Eagle S highlights Estonia's shortcomings
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609290327/estonia-s-euro2024-playoff-hopes-dashed-in-5-1-away-loss-to-poland 
 ----- 
