The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs' pitching, defense stand out in victory against Nationals
The Cubs finished August 18-8. Entering Saturday, they had a 5.2% chance of clinching a wild-card spot — an improvement from the 3.1% chance they had Aug. 1.
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 1, 2024, 12:35am UTC

Cubs pitcher Javier Assad pitches against the Nationals during the second inning at Nationals Park on August 31, 2024 in Washington.

Scott Taetsch/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

WASHINGTON — Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong sprinted toward left field to cut off Jose Tena’s line drive leading off the sixth inning Saturday. After scooping up the ball, he turned and rifled a throw to second baseman Nico Hoerner, who tagged Tena out.

Then CJ Abrams singled on a grounder to center. Abrams, who has 27 stolen bases and is in the 88th percentile for sprint speed, tried to steal second but was thrown out by catcher Christian Bethancourt.

‘‘Trying to get [starter Javier Assad] through that sixth inning, PCA made an incredible play,’’ manager Craig Counsell said. ‘‘Great throw, great tag by Nico. And then Bethancourt throwing the guy out was a big play, as well.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
LATEST STORIES
Fishing for anything and catching a muskie
Duo to bring flute-forward piece on Black womanhood to Chicago Sinfonietta's MLK concert
Cook County judge who shared racist meme faces state probe, reassignment and bias training
Wrong-way driver crashes into CTA bus in Loop injuring 3
Man critically wounded during stabbing in Near West Side apartment; 1 arrested
THE LATEST
OTHER VIEWS
Small landlords who charge affordable rent struggle to stay afloat
Most low- to moderate-income families rely on naturally occurring affordable housing — housing that is affordable without government subsidy. These landlords need help to keep this housing supply available
By Stacie Young  Jan 13, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: Moving would bring me closer to my grandson — and my angry ex
If she returns to her hometown to be near the 3-year-old boy, grandma will have to deal with the former husband who’s still hostile to her.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 13, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
SUPER 25 BASKETBALL RANKINGS
Kyle Williams' Super 25 high school girls basketball rankings for Jan. 12, 2025
Kenwood returns to the No. 1 spot.
By Kyle Williams  Jan 13, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
ENTERTAINMENT AND CULTURE
Under Trump, national arts funding is in question. In Chicago, can the tap stay on?
The city’s cultural arts department increased grants to artists during the COVID-19 pandemic. Now, with an arts economy in flux, close observers are wondering what the future holds.
By Courtney Kueppers | WBEZ  Jan 13, 2025, 11:30am UTC
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
Mike Madigan had a rough childhood. It should have no bearing on outcome of his trial.
Just stick with the evidence, a Gage Park reader says. Others offer praise for Donald Trump, criticism of the Illinois GOP and thoughts on philanthropy.
By Letters to the Editor  Jan 13, 2025, 11:30am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/08/31/cubs-pitching-and-defense-standout-in-saturdays-5-3-win-over-nationals 
 ----- 
