Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jazz Fall to Trail Blazers, 124-86: Preseason Winners & Losers
The Utah Jazz's preseason finale wasn't a pretty sight.
Patrick Byrnes | Oct 19, 2024
Oct 18, 2024; Portland, Oregon, USA; Utah Jazz guard Keyonte George (3) shoots a jump shot during the first half against Portland Trail Blazers forward Toumani Camara (33) at Moda Center. Mandatory Credit: Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images / Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images
In this story:
Utah Jazz
Portland Trail Blazers

The Utah Jazz finished the preseason by getting curb-stomped by the Portland Trail Blazers at the Delta Center, 124-86. Jerami Grant led all scorers with 18 points, while Donovan Clingan chipped in 14. Bryce Sensabaugh led the Jazz with 13 points in a losing cause.

It wasn’t pretty from start to finish for Utah. Portland was up 27 points at halftime and never looked back. After a positive preseason, the Jazz looked like a team ready to pack its bags from the word go. 

Despite the one-sided affair, the Jazz finished the preseason with a 4-2 record, and their focus will now turn to the home opener against the Memphis Grizzlies on October 23. So, let’s now look at the biggest winners and losers of the 2024 preseason.

Winner: Keyonte George
Oct 15, 2024; Salt Lake City, Utah, USA; Utah Jazz guard Keyonte George (3) drives on Sacramento Kings guard Jordan McLaughlin (3) during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images / Rob Gray-Imagn Images

George will be suiting up for the Jazz season opener on Wednesday night, which is a win. The gut reaction when Utah’s 2023 lottery pick sustained a knee injury against the Dallas Mavericks wasn’t good. George had to be helped off the court, leaving Jazz fans wondering if this is the last time they may see their starting point guard for the 2024-25 season.

However, the setback was much ado about nothing, and George ended up missing just one game. Utah has to be pleased with the growth they’ve seen so far. George finished the preseason playing more efficiently than his rookie year. George shot 21-for-43 from the field, and the game is slowing down for Utah's young star

Besides Lauri Markkanen, George is the player most likely to be a part of Utah’s future. Regardless of whether Utah is planning on tanking the season, we can expect to see George getting full-time starter minutes for the entire season.

Loser: Svi Mykhailiuk & Drew Eubanks
Oct 12, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; Utah Jazz forward Drew Eubanks (15) shoots against San Antonio Spurs forward Sandro Mamukelashvili (54) in the first half at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images

The pair of NBA journeymen signed with the rebuilding Jazz this summer hoping they could rejuvenate their careers. That doesn’t seem like the case out of the gates, as both players spent most of the preseason at the end of the bench.

The Jazz front office didn’t mince words about focusing on the youth movement during media day. Taylor Hendricks and Cody Williams will be blocking Mykhaliuk from minutes on the court, while Eubanks is the third center on the depth chart behind Walker Kessler and John Collins.

Both players signed multi-year contracts, but only the first year is guaranteed. That’s a recipe for being moved at the trade deadline when franchises seek salary cap relief for the 2025-26 season. 

Winner - Cody Williams
Oct 12, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; Utah Jazz forward Cody Williams (5) shoots in the first half against the San Antonio Spurs at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images

Utah’s top pick in the 2024 draft looks to be the only rookie cemented into the rotation to start the season. There have been some highs and lows, but at only 19 years old, Williams looks like a steal at the No. 10 overall pick.

Williams’ best game came against the San Antonio Spurs, scoring 17 points while knocking down three shots from long distance. Also, Williams was on the court to close the game in Utah’s 122-113 win over the Houston Rockets.

Williams will get plenty of opportunities this year as the Jazz continue to look to insert more size and length in their rotation. Keep an eye on Williams possibly taking over the starting shooting guard position this year. Utah’s second-best player, Collin Sexton, is the current starter, but his future in Salt Lake City could be as the first man off the bench.

Winner: Walker Kessler
Oct 18, 2024; Portland, Oregon, USA; Utah Jazz center Walker Kessler (24) battles for a rebound during the first half against Portland Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan (23) and forward Deni Avdija (8) at Moda Center. Mandatory Credit: Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images / Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images

Kessler’s sophomore season with the Jazz didn’t meet the high expectations after earning All-Rookie honors in 2023. However, in the short sample size of the preseason, Kessler’s development looks to be trending in the right direction. 

Despite a rough outing against Portland, Kessler has to be happy with how the new season is shaping up. Kessler is back to starting games after coming off the bench last year in favor of John Collins. The rumor mill was full of Kessler rumors this offseason, and we’ll see if he finishes the year in Salt Lake City.

Does Utah’s brain trust see Kessler as a part of the future, or are they auditioning him for a trade? Either way, Kessler should get more opportunities to showcase his talents than what was there at the end of last season.

Follow Inside The Jazz on Facebook and Twitter/X.

Subscribe to YouTube for breaking Jazz news videos and live streams!

Published Oct 19, 2024|Modified Oct 19, 2024
PATRICK BYRNES

Patrick Byrnes is the Deputy Editor of The Frozen Rope — SI.com's team website covering the Utah Jazz. 

Follow pbyrnesNBA

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/jazz/news/jazz-fall-to-trail-blazers-preseason-winners-losers 
 ----- 
