Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Bronny James scores 17 points in best NBA performance so far as Lakers fall to Warriors to close out preseason
SAM JOSEPH, CNN
October 19, 2024 at 6:50 AM

Bronny James, son of all-time NBA leading scorer LeBron James, had the best showing of his young professional career on Friday, posting 17 points in the Los Angeles Lakers’ final preseason game.

In his first preseason start, James was 7-for-17 from the field and also recorded four rebounds, one assist, three steals and a block. However, the shorthanded Lakers – who opted to rest several key players including James Sr. – suffered a heavy 132-74 road defeat to the Golden State Warriors.

Multiple-time All-Star Anthony Davis, D’Angelo Russell, Austin Reaves and Rui Hachimura were among the players to not feature as first-time head coach JJ Redick handed the keys to reserve players and rookies. The Warriors, meanwhile, were without star point guard Steph Curry but coach Steve Kerr gave playing time to all his other rotation players.

Experience proved the difference as Golden State opened up an 18-point lead by the end of the first quarter and never looked back, beating its Western Conference rival by almost 60 points.

Despite having impressed on the defensive side of the ball, James had struggled offensively prior to Friday’s matchup, averaging only 1.6 points per game on 20% shooting through his first five preseason games. Per StatMuse, he had more turnovers than field goals across those games.

However, the 20-year-old showed signs of promise in his most confident display to date. He made his first three-pointer of the preseason and threw down a highlight alley-oop dunk off a lob from fellow rookie Quincy Olivari.

James drives to the basket during the game. - Noah Graham/NBAE/Getty Images

James – who was drafted 55th overall earlier this year after one season at the University of Southern California – said that he was focusing on finding and understanding his role on the team, though he embraced the chance to take on more responsibility in the lineup.

“If I’m given the opportunity to go out there and play 35 minutes, I’m gonna go out there and play,” he told reporters postgame. “So I feel like I was given an amazing opportunity to go and showcase what I can do down the road…it’s just a great moment for me.”

Redick made sure to keep the attention on the bigger picture after the game.

“For (James) and all our younger players, all the moments are building blocks,” he said. “Not just the good moments, the bad moments are learning opportunities. I think you have to have a level of patience, a level of optimism. I am very confident in the level of work that our young guys have had.

“For him, I’m sure it felt good to have 17 points – I’m not even remotely concerned about that. It’s not even on my radar. We’re trying to help him grow into a great basketball player.”

Olivari scored a game-high 22 points for LA, while Jonathan Kuminga led Golden State with 17 points. Brandin Podziemski added 16 and was one of five other players to record double-digit point totals in a balanced scoring night for the Warriors.

Warriors forward Kyle Anderson shoots the ball in the third quarter. - Cary Edmondson/USA Today Sports/Reuters

The 2024/25 NBA regular season tips off on Tuesday October 22 with the reigning champion Boston Celtics hosting the revamped New York Knicks in the first game of the campaign. The Lakers are also in action on opening night and will be visited by the Minnesota Timberwolves. Golden State gets its season underway on Thursday against the Portland Trail Blazers.

The first regular season clash between the Lakers and Warriors will be a huge one – the west coast rivals will battle it out on Christmas Day in a primetime matchup.

For more CNN news and newsletters create an account at CNN.com

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
The Today Show
Hoda Kotb shares 'love letter' to viewers on her final day at 'Today'
People
James Woods says home still standing after he was told it burned down: ‘A miracle’
Finance
NBC Universal
Chuck E. Cheese makes a comeback, with trampolines and a subscription program
Reuters
Location-tracking company Unacast tells Norway its data was hacked, broadcaster says
Food
The Today Show
Joy Bauer shares a healthy meal plan to start your new year off right
Delish
It’s officially 'Quitting Day,' so we’re ditching our resolutions to celebrate with t…
Lighter Side
People
Woman's dry January invite to friends, family goes viral after they reject her one by…
USA TODAY
Secret Service says goodbye to 'Deacon,' its longest-ever protectee - by far: Jimmy C…
News
CNN
Significant winter storm shutters the South, cancels more than 3,000 US flights
USA TODAY
Federal judge delays 9/11 deals that would have found terror mastermind guilty
Weather
Associated Press
Powerful winter storm that dumped snow in US South maintains its icy grip
Associated Press
AP PHOTOS: Warm clothing, hot pot and even ice cream bars feature at China's Harbin i…

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/bronny-james-scores-17-points-105033214.html 
 ----- 
