Skip to main content
Blazer's Edge homepage
a Portland Trail Blazers community
Follow Blazer's Edge online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Blazer's Edge main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

BLAZERS SCORES
Blazers Dismantle Jazz Behind Monster Game From Clingan

The 7-foot-2 rookie center ruled the paint in a wickedly fun preseason finale.

By Conor Bergin  Oct 19, 2024, 5:05am PDT  177 Comments / 177 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

In the pregame press conference before the Portland Trail Blazers’ Friday preseason finale against the Utah Jazz at the Moda Center, head coach Chauncey Billups praised rookie center Donovan Clingan’s rebounding and rim protection. Then Billups compared the 7-foot-2, 280-pound center to Bambi, the baby deer from the Disney cartoon.

It wasn’t a slight at Clingan, who goes by the nickname of Cling Kong. It was a visual describing how the 20-year-old is still filling out his massive, lanky frame.

“He’s like a deer, he’s like a Bambi. His limbs are just going everywhere,” Billups said about some of Clingan’s offensive touches. “Once he gets stronger, he’ll be able to clean those things up.”

Well, even without the extra strength that’ll surely come over what projects to be a long NBA career, Bambi was a monster Friday night.

Making his first NBA preseason start, Clingan dominated the paint with 14 points (on 7-12 shooting), 20 rebounds, four blocks, four assists and just two turnovers as the Blazers blew the Jazz away, 124-86. He was plus-30 in 24 minutes of action.

“Big Donovan was amazing,” Billups told reporters after the win.

The No. 7 overall pick was the headline story of an — I’ll say it — electric preseason finale. The Blazers ran Utah out of the gym with hustle, steals, ball movement and dunks. Throw up the obligatory caveats: It was preseason against a team that’s projected to finish near the bottom of the NBA. But caveats withstanding, the Blazers played hard Friday night, and the result was a lot of fun. It sure beat some of the lackluster blowouts Portland had suffered in recent preseasons.

The Blazers racked up 20 offensive rebounds, 16 steals and 10 blocks, while turning the Jazz over 22 times. It helped the Blazers outscore the Jazz 33-13 in points off turnovers, 27-10 in fast-break points and 27-12 in second-chance points. Portland also tallied nine dunks and 34 assists on 47 made baskets, as the team continuously looked for shooters and lobs.

“All the things that we said we wanted to do tonight, it was pretty amazing that we did them all,” Billups said. “... We shared the ball. We helped each other on defense. I thought our length on the deflections was incredible. Everything.”

Part of what made that defense and length so effective was a new jumbo lineup Billups rolled out for the starting five: returning from injury, Anfernee Simons made his first start of the preseason; Toumani Camara and Deni Avdija, both 6-foot-9, started at shooting guard and small forward, respectively; 6-foot-7 Jerami Grant started at power forward; with Deandre Ayton out for rest, Clingan served as the anchor.

The rookie was lights out almost from the jump. As Billups explained postgame, Jazz center Walker Kessler got an offensive rebound over Clingan on an early possession. The head coach wasn’t happy and let Clingan know.

“I jumped him a little bit,” Billups said. “And from that point on, he got everything.”

“He told me, ‘DC, [you] can’t get that rebound?’” Clingan added about the moment. “So I went in there, and I made sure I grabbed every other one.”

To the growing delight of the home crowd, Clingan feasted on the glass, corralling 10 of his 20 boards on the offensive end. He scored eight points worth of put-backs and caught lobs where he barely had to jump to flush it. He even buried his first jump shot (a deep 2 that was a toe away from 3-point range). Clingan also showed poise with the ball and mostly made correct decisions, whether it was out of the short roll or after an offensive board.

The chef’s kiss of the performance came on Clingan’s final play. For his fourth block, Clingan erased Jazz forward Johnny Juzang’s layup attempt, sending the ball out of bounds off Juzang. As the forward tumbled to the ground, Clingan stared him down. Then Portland called timeout with 8:09 left and checked the rookie out, ending his night.

The formula wasn’t flashy, but it was commanding.

“[Clingan] stays true to himself,” said Camara, who collected four steals. “A lot of rebounds, a lot of easy plays, facilitate the team, great screens and rolling to the rim pretty hard. That’s all we’re asking from him.”

The performance earned Clingan a walk-off interview with Blazers reporter Brooke Olzendam.

After another interview with media in the press room, Clingan walked toward the locker room. Before exiting, the 7-footer bent down and grabbed a tiny, purple “Hello Kitty” backpack. Clingan had placed it in the corner of the room — a token of rookie hazing that he must keep by his side.

Similar to the Bambi comment hours earlier, the backpack was another reminder that Friday night was just the beginning.

More Game Notes
Clingan was my Man of the Match, but so many Blazers played well. Grant looked spry. He started with three straight triples and finished with multiple dunks, three steals and three blocks. Camara hounded ball-handlers 94 feet from the basket. So did Kris Murray, Scoot Henderson and Rupert, as the Blazers forced several turnovers in the backcourt. Rupert dropped 20. Duop Reath hit some 3s. Avdija attacked the rim like a bat out of hell. Dalano Banton handed out a poster dunk. Jimi Hendrix descended from the heavens at halftime and shredded a 15-minute guitar solo at the mid-court line. Okay, that last part didn’t happen. I’m just trying to say it all made for some good entertainment, even for preseason.
With Simons returning to the lineup, Billups moved Henderson back to the bench, opting to go big with Camara at the 2-spot. With Shaedon Sharpe out, Camara has possibly earned the starting spot after an impressive preseason. Billups wouldn’t say whether that look (plus Ayton) would be the starting lineup for Wednesday’s regular season opener versus Golden State: “I’m not sure yet. I liked what I saw out of [the lineup] tonight. ... It was a good looking lineup. We’ll have a few practices and just kind of see where it’s at.”
Former Blazers center Drew Eubanks played 16 minutes for Utah. He fouled out with nine points and five rebounds.
Since I mentioned Eubanks, I would be remiss if I didn’t mention former Blazers guard Svi Mykhailiuk. He scored nine points in 14 minutes for Utah.
Talking to reporters after the game, Camara said this about the team’s performance:

“I think we were being physical. I think that was the message that we wanted to send, especially as a last game for preseason — just how annoying of a team we can be to play against, how everybody plays hard and how connected we are.”

MORE FROM BLAZER'S EDGE
What Questions Do You Have for Blazers vs. Heat?
Blazers Tick Up in ESPN Power Rankings
Grant Out, Ayton Questionable to Play Against Heat
Hollinger Confused by Trail Blazers’ Rebuild Plan
Disney, Fox, WB Scrap National Sports Streaming Service
NBA Last Two-Minute Report Finds Mistake on Camara No-Call vs. Mavs
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.blazersedge.com/2024/10/19/24274149/portland-trail-blazers-utah-jazz-nba-scores-donovan-clingan-anfernee-simons-jerami-grant 
 ----- 
