NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
John E. Sokolowski-Imagn Images
Celtics Waive Ron Harper Jr., Two Others
Originally posted on Hoops Wire  |  By Sam Amico  |  Last updated Oct 17, 2024 10:19 PM ET

The Celtics have waived forwards Ron Harper Jr. and Hason Ward, as well as shooting guard Jay Scrubb, per the NBA transactions wire.

All three were signed to Exhibit 10 contracts for training camp and are likely next headed to the Maine Celtics of the G League.

Harper is the son of former Cavaliers, Bulls and Lakers guard Ron Harper, the No. 8 overall pick in the 1986 NBA Draft. The younger Harper went undrafted in 2022, then signed a two-way deal with the Raptors later that summer.

Most of his pro experience has come in the G League — though he appeared in just six G League games last season and one with the Raptors before suffering a season-ending shoulder injury. Toronto waived him in December, shortly after Harper got hurt.

Meanwhile, the Celtics also waived Scrubb last year around this time after he suffered a season-ending ACL injury. He re-joined Boston after completing his rehab.

Meanwhile, Ward is a rookie who helped Iowa State reach the NCAA Tournament Sweet Sixteen in March.

An Exhibit 10 contract is a non-guaranteed minimum-salary deal. It doesn’t count toward a team’s cap unless the player makes the final roster. It also can be converted to a two-way deal before the season begins or mean guaranteed money if a player is waived and then stays on the G League club for at least 60 days.

More NBA | All Celtics coverage on Hoops Wire

This article first appeared on Hoops Wire and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat in video
Big viewership for Cavs-Thunder should quiet NBA ratings talk
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Denver Nuggets Make Jamal Murray Injury Announcement vs…
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Make Intriguing Roster Move
NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
NBA
Ben Simmons' Reverse Dunk Went Viral In Nets-Nuggets Game

On Friday night, the Brookyln Nets are playing the Denver Nuggets in Colorado. During the game, Ben Simmons threw down a big dunk that got a lot of views on social media. Via The Brooklyn Nets: "BEN SIMMONS REVERSE JAM " Simmons had eight points, three rebounds, six assists and two steals while shooting 4/6 from the field in his first 17 minutes of playing time. Many fans reacted to his big highlight. @MoneyMoeeee: "Ben Simmons doing reverse dunk impressive" @HoopSpaces: "Ben Simmons is hooping tonight so far" @sochockers: "Gaining confidence in his body as the season goes on. Good to see" Simmons returned to action after missing each of the previous four games. The three-time NBA All-Star entered play with averages of 5.9 points, 5.2 rebounds and 6.9 assists per contest while shooting 54.3% from the field in 26 games. While Simmons is no longer the borderline superstar that he once was, he has been a productive player for the Nets this season. Via Sharif Phillips-Keaton of Nets Wire: "Ben Simmons may not be trying to dunk on people as much as he used to, but he is putting his jump/running hooks to good use tonight at the Nuggets." The Nets are currently the 12th seed in the Eastern Conference with a 13-24 record in 37 games. They have lost three in a row (and are 2-8 over their last ten games). Following Denver, the Nets will play their next game on Sunday when they visit the Utah Jazz.

NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
The 75 best sports nicknames of all time
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…

We have surprising news regarding a goaltender, who was on the rise within the Montreal Canadiens organization. Many believed he could be part of the organization's medium/long-term plans, but all signs now suggest otherwise. Despite a strong start with the Laval Rocket and the fact that many believed he would be recalled by the Montreal Canadiens just a few weeks ago, everything indicates that Connor Hughes' adventure in Laval/Montreal is coming to an end. According to latest reports, expect to see Connor Hughes return to Switzerland next season. Of course, this could always change by the summer, but for now, everything unfortunately indicates that Hughes will return to Europe at the end of the season. A return to Europe as early as this summer for Connor Hughes? Here's what has just been reported. "Goaltender Connor Hughes, currently with the Montreal Canadiens organization, is expected to return to Switzerland next season." And Charles-Alexis Brisebois adds this: "In the Swiss media outlet Watson, the term 'stuck' is used to describe Hughes' situation in Laval and in the Canadiens' depth chart. [...] And another interesting point, in this Swiss Habs article: his agent has reportedly offered him to Swiss clubs, including Lausanne, for the 2025-2026 season." Connor Hughes, 28 years old, 6-feet-4 inches tall, and weighing 231 pounds, has a record of 9-6-1 this season with the Laval Rocket, with a goals-against average of 2.51 and a save percentage of 0.904. After an incredible start, things have been a bit more difficult for Hughes and the Rocket recently. Let's remember that he spent most of his professional career in Switzerland.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NHL
Gary Bettman and the NHL Looking To Make Major CBA Change…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…

Shortly after, New York Giants co-owner John Mara confirmed on Monday that he was retaining both head coach Brian Daboll and general manager Joe Schoen, and multiple Giants players publicly backed those decisions. It appears some locker room members privately sang different tunes early into the offseason. "Multiple players said they were 'surprised' Daboll was retained," ESPN's Jordan Raanan revealed in a lengthy article published on Friday. "Some said they were fine with the decision, in part, because he's a player-friendly coach — open to feedback and incorporates a favorable schedule that hardly wore them down. ...The players seem to like Daboll, the person, even though they see signs his program is not destined for success." Since the Daboll-Schoen partnership guided the 2022 Giants to a road playoff win, Big Blue has gone 9-26 (including the postseason) and is coming off a disastrous 3-14 campaign that included the franchise parting ways with Week 1 starting quarterback Daniel Jones in November. Multiple players previously made it known they felt current Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley's "presence in the locker room was underestimated by the Giants' brass" before the club let Barkley reach free agency last March. At least one player told Raanan that "it's like your only option is to blindly trust" that New York's regime knows what it's doing. "It's like they make moves off Twitter," a different league source "with knowledge of the Giants' inner workings" told Raanan. The Giants hold the third overall pick for a 2025 draft class that, at best, features two first-round talents at quarterback — Miami's Cam Ward and Colorado's Shedeur Sanders. Barring a surprising development, Schoen will have to either make a blockbuster trade to get one of those signal-callers or address the position later in the draft after he signs a veteran "bridge option" in free agency. "Insecurity, lack of accountability, conviction and veteran leadership in the locker room were some of the reasons pinpointed by those who took stock of what went wrong," Raanan added about what "20 players and coaches" said about the Giants' 2024 season. "This kind of calamity left those on the outside (and inside) wondering whether Schoen and Daboll should be the ones making the decision about the next quarterback or anything else in the organization." For whatever reason, Mara trusts that Schoen and Daboll can make such massive calls and begin a turnaround that includes the club competing for at least a playoff berth this coming December. Along with finding a new starting quarterback for 2025, it seems Schoen and Daboll will also have to win back some players they lost during a season just about everybody involved should want to forget.

College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
College Football
Texas QB Quinn Ewers hints at NFL Draft…
NHL
Report: Trade Talks Intensify Between Vancouver Canucks &…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
MLB
Red Sox Projected To Target $38M Rising Star In Blockbuster Triston…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
MLB
Yankees willing to pay for Marcus Stroman…
NHL
Bruins have entered into JT Miller, Elias Pettersson trade talks
College Football
Paul Finebaum Names Major College Football Fan Base Whose…

Only four teams remain the College Football Playoff. For other programs, the focus is on improving for next season. While some struggled this year, others have shown promising signs that they are headed in the right direction. One team looking to improve next season is the No. 11 Alabama Crimson Tide (9-4). In the first year of the Kalen DeBoer era, the Crimson Tide experienced an inconsistent season. On the positive side, they secured significant victories against the No. 2 seed Georgia Bulldogs (11-3) and the No. 15 South Carolina Gamecocks (9-4). However, on the negative side, Alabama had losses to three teams that each had five or more losses this year. Due to inconsistent play, SEC Network analyst Paul Finebaum stated on "The Paul Finebaum Show" that Alabama fans are losing their patience. "I hear from a lot of Alabama fans and there's a patience level running very thin," Finebaum said. The Crimson Tide fan base has come to expect championships, a standard set by legendary coach Nick Saban from 2007-2023. During that period, Alabama won six national championships and achieved 10 or more wins every year except for one. This year's 9-4 record marked the team's worst season since Saban's first year in 2007. Finebaum asserts that the high expectations now put pressure on DeBoer to improve in his second year and return Alabama to the College Football Playoff.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/celtics_waive_ron_harper_jr_two_others/s1_17038_41072530 
 ----- 
