We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

WTC final collapse shows India, not South Africa, suffer from the stumbling problem
Sarah Waris 
Jun 24, 2021 
5 minute read
NEWS
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

India have been one of the most consistent teams — entering the knockouts of all ICC events since 2014 — but the lack of titles has unfortunately given them the tag of “chokers”, which had been exclusively reserved for South Africa for decades, writes Sarah Waris.

Subscribe to the Wisden Cricket YouTube channel for post-match awards, player interviews, analysis and much more.

While tremendous importance is given to skills — and rightly so — to succeed and break the barriers on the international stage, the process that goes into making a champion is even more detailed. India, despite all their tremendous records in bilaterals at home and away, have fallen well short in ICC events in the last seven years, which has not only raised question marks over their mental toughness in a pressure game but has also given them the tag of “chokers” for their inability to rise over the expectations when the world’s eyeballs are on them.

Starting with the T20 World Cup in 2014, the Men in Blue have entered the semi-finals or the finals of ICC events six times, but have not managed to win a single event. They have reached the finals thrice — in the T20 World Cup in 2014, the Champions Trophy in 2017, and the recent World Test Championship — but have often been outplayed in the biggest clash despite a memorable run in the league stages.

The road of misery

In 2014, India entered the finals of the T20 World Cup as the unbeaten team, with dominating wins over Australia and South Africa. In the 2015 World Cup in Australia, India won every single game before they went down to the hosts in the semi-finals. The following year, during the T20 World Cup, the Men in Blue were unable to live up to their tag of ‘favourites’ as they crashed out in a one-sided semi-final against West Indies, while the 2017 Champions Trophy saw them lose to Pakistan in the finals despite entering the clash on the back of two big wins.

India were on a roll in the 2019 World Cup as well, and won all their league games barring the match against England, but came up with an uninspired showing in the semi-finals to bow out. A similar story has followed them in the World Test Championship too, where Kohli’s men (and Ajinkya Rahane’s for a bit) defeated the odds and overcame the challenges thrown at them — including the last-minute changes in the rules by the ICC — to meet New Zealand in the final.

However, the most successful team of the event with 12 wins could not put their best foot forward in the game as they went on to lose a match that was never in their control.

So, what is the reason for India choking?

While it would be easiest to blame mental toughness, or the lack of it, for the defeats in crunch moments, it seems rather hilarious to believe that a team that is under constant scrutiny from fans and experts alike will be short in that regard. The biggest display of their mental fortitude and grit was on display in the series against Australia, where the team did not shy away from taking body blows and deflating the Aussie ego at the fortress called Gabba with players who might not make the first-choice XI in a long, long time.

In an era where Ravichandran Ashwin is constantly questioned for his contributions or where Pant is pulled up publicly by the head coach and criticized for throwing the game away, it is only mental grit and resilience that allows them to make a stronger comeback. Stating that any player lacks toughness is, then, mere babbling.

What could, however, not be discounted is the unnecessary burden of expectations the team seems to put themselves under. Ahead of the 2018 Test series against England, Indian skipper Virat Kohli had stressed on the importance of ‘winning every session and every ball.’

“No one can guarantee results, but just wanting to win every session and every ball that we play, if we can carry that on for the length of the tour, I will be really proud as a captain and we will be really proud of ourselves as a team.”

The process has granted results over the last few years under Kohli’s leadership, but the simple fact is that not every ball can be won. Not every session can be a victory, and not every minute can take the team closer to a win. The game of cricket, all about the ebbs and flows, will have moments where the luck is not in the side’s favour, or will have instances when the rival team is just playing better cricket. The challenge is to make things happen even when things seem to go downhill, which did not seem to be the case in the World Test Championship final.

The game against New Zealand had rain – India’s age-old nemesis in the last two knockouts, incidentally both against the Kiwis – tilt the conditions against India, and then we saw the senior players give away their wickets in the first session on day six, which ultimately took the game away from them. Starting with Yuvraj Singh’s unfortunate rut in 2014 to the unlucky no-ball by Jasprit Bumrah against Pakistan or the toss going against the team during the 2016 T20 World Cup semi-final in a game where dew made its heavy presence felt, Indians have not always had luck on their side, but neither have they had players who could step up to counter its effects consistently.

Titles decide real champions

At the end of the day, the number of medals in the cupboard is what defines a player’s legacy. Under MS Dhoni, Team India were unable to script memorable bilateral series wins away from home — they lost ten T20Is away from home besides losing 26 ODIs in SENA countries (his team won 14 ODIs in SENA) — yet Dhoni is touted as a player under whom India reached great heights courtesy of his record in ICC events.

Undoubtedly, Kohli’s team have better numbers all over the world, but till he gets his hands on a trophy, doubts and the tag of “chokers” will remain.

The All-Time World Test XI, According To The ICC Rankings
Sandeep Lamichhane sentenced to eight years in prison for rape
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
Worcestershire Left-Arm Spinner Josh Baker Dies Aged 20
Watch: Ben Stokes drops his bat in amazement after losing off stump to Jasprit Bumrah
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
ED May Be Becoming a Thing of the Past for Older Men!
IronPulse
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Blood Sugar is not because of Sweets: This is the Real Enemy
This might help you manage blood sugar levels!
GlycoFix
|
Sponsored
Try Now
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple...
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds...
Arthrozene
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
LATEST NEWS
View More
The hypothetical World Test Championship: Who would have contested every final from 2001-2019?
Jan 07, 2025
Naman Agarwal
World Test Championship 2023/25
Explained: What were the "logistical challenges" that postponed the PSL Player Draft?
Jan 07, 2025
Sarah Waris
HBL Pakistan Super League
Yashasvi Jaiswal is more than ready for ODIs, it's now on India to find him a spot
Jan 07, 2025
Aadya Sharma
ICC Champions Trophy 2025
ILT20 2025: Full list of commentators and presenters for International League T20
Jan 07, 2025
News
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Cricket News
WTC final collapse shows India, not South Africa, suffer from the stumbling problem
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/cricket-news/wtc-final-collapse-shows-india-stumbling-at-icc-events-is-self-invited 
 ----- 
