LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
England beats Oman by 8 wickets to boost chances at T20 World Cup
England's net run-rate that was minus 1.800 before the match is now plus 3.08, ahead of Scotland's plus 2.164

Published - June 14, 2024 05:44 am IST - North Sound

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

Jos Buttler of England hits 6 during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2024 group B cricket match between England and Oman at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua and Barbuda, on June 13, 2024. | Photo Credit: AFP

Adil Rashid took 4-11 as England boosted its chances of reaching the Super Eight stage of the Twenty20 World Cup by bowling out Oman for 47 on June 13 en route to an eight-wicket win in a pivotal match for the defending champion.

Phil Salt then launched the first two balls of the England innings for sixes before being bowled third ball in a dramatic start as England chased the fastest-possible win. It reached 50-2 from only 3.1 overs, led by captain Jos Buttler's 24 from eight balls.

It was not only the magnitude of the win but the speed with which it was achieved that helped improve England's outlook at the tournament. It moved up to third in Group B with three points, behind already qualified Australia (six points) and Scotland (five points).

Most importantly, England's net run-rate that was minus 1.800 before the match is now plus 3.08, ahead of Scotland's plus 2.164.

England took a point from its first match against Scotland and was beaten by 36 runs by Australia. That made it imperative that it not only won Thursday's match but won it emphatically to improve its run-rate and prospects.

Buttler won the toss and chose to bowl, theorizing that England would be in a better position to manage the run rate equation if it was chasing.

The plan worked when England bowled out Oman for 47 in 13.2 overs on a glassy surface at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium which supported both Rashid's leg spinners and the England fast bowlers Jofra Archer and Mark Wood.

"We played exceptionally well,” Rashid said. “At the top Woody and Jofra set the tone and I thought we bowled exceptionally well as a team to bowl them out for 47.

“It's always nice to bowl the first ball and to see it spinning. When you get a wicket first ball as well it sets the tone a bit more.” England needed quick wickets on June 13 and Archer delivered, capturing his first wicket with the second ball of the second over of the match. He had Pratik Athavale caught at cover by Salt from a full, fast delivery that Athavale mis-timed.

Archer then dismissed captain Aqib Ilyas in the fourth over when Oman was 16-2. Ilyas cut the ball to Will Jacks at backward point who held the catch just above grass-top height.

The England quicks operated well in tandem at the top of the innings and Wood added the wickets of Zeeshan Maqsood (1), caught and bowled, and Kashyap Prajapati (9) to leave Oman 25-4 at the end of the six-over power play.

Prajapati was out to the last over of the power play and Khalid Kail (1) was stumped by Buttler from the bowling of Rashid to the first ball afterward. Rashid also dismissed Mehran Khan (0), Fayyaz Butt (2) and Kaleemullah (5). His googly was particularly troublesome for the Oman batters.

Archer returned to dismiss Shoaib Khan (11) and finished with 3-12 and Wood removed Ayaan Khan (1) and also took 3-12.

Salt clubbed the first two balls of the England innings over the long boundaries for sixes, then was bowled by the third ball from Bilal Khan (1-36) as he teed off again. Jacks came in and defended the fourth ball in a rare moment of calm.

Buttler carried his bat to get England home with 101 balls to spare, hitting a six and four fours. Jonny Bairstow hit two fours from the two balls he faced, including the winning runs from the first ball of the fourth over.

England will now play Namibia on June 16. Its qualification for the Super Eight stage is still dependent on the outcome of the other group match on June 16 between Australia and Scotland.

If Scotland wins, it will qualify. England likely would advance if Australia wins with a superior net run-rate.

"I thought the tone was set really well by the bowlers who managed to pick up those early wickets and restrict them and knock them off,” Buttler said. “Job done today and we've got another big game in two days time.” Buttler said he told the England batters “just to be ultra-positive. We'd spoken in the lead-up to this about how we have to win games and if we get the chance we have to try to take advantage of the net run-rate and we managed to do that today.”

Published - June 14, 2024 05:44 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

T20 World Cup 2024 / Twenty20 World Cup

Most Popular
Bangladesh Army chief calls for national consensus, ‘political government’, tones down anti-India rhetoric
The sorry state of India’s parliamentary proceedings
Yemen death sentence for Kerala woman: India adopting a cautious route in conflict-hit Sanaa
‘Pushpa 2’ makers remove ‘Dammunte Pattukora’ song amid stampede controversy
‘Kannappa’: First look of Preity Mukundhan as Princess Nemali out
South Korea says initial data extracted from Jeju Air crash black box voice recorder; all victims identified
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Former PM Manmohan Singh funeral LIVE 
Manmohan death: Karnataka govt holiday 
Manmohan death: Congress cancels all programmes 
Manmohan death: Telangana offices closed 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
IND vs AUS 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/england-beats-oman-by-8-wickets-to-boost-chances-at-t20-world-cup/article68287783.ece 
 ----- 
