Latest

MP denounces corruption

Menu
Search for
 Home/National Sports/  Flames out to salvage pride
Front PageNational Sports
  Flames out to salvage pride
 Garry Chirwa 
Send an email
October 15, 2024
0 94 3 minutes read
Facebook
 
X
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
VKontakte
 
Odnoklassniki
 
Pocket

With their heads down and spirit drained, the Flames will be out to tide up the mess when they host Senegal this afternoon in the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifiers at Bingu National Stadium in Lilongwe.

It has been a rocky ride for the Malawi National Football Team, which has no point in Group L, having lost all their first round matches, culminating in the 4-0 defeat right in the Teranga Lions’ den in Dakar on Friday.

Senegal’s Mane (C) is kept in check by Flames’ Wisdom Mpinganjira (R) and Nickson Mwase

Flames’ crushing defeat to Senegal was the latest episode of a downward spiral which has seen them lose six out of seven matches this year, winning only against minnows Principe and Sao Tome 3-1 in a 2026 World Cup qualifier.

And while the odds appear overwhelmingly stacked against them as they face the continent’s top-ranked side, Flames coach Patrick Mabedi yesterday said they  will fight every inch of the way to salvage some pride in an what appears a hopeless campaign.

As Malawi are fighting for their first point, Burkina Faso’s Stallions punched their ticket to Morocco on Sunday following their 2-0 win over Burundi’s Swallows.

The Burkinabes top the group with 10 points and Senegal will, therefore, be out to seal the other slot and also keep the Stallions on their toes in the chase for the top spot finish.

Senegal are second with seven points while Burundi remain third with three points earned in their 3-2 victory over the Flames.

Mabedi still believes in cold comfort that had it not been for the early red card shown to goalkeeper Brighton Munthali in Dakar for a foul on Senegal’s marksman Sadio Mane, it would have been different.

He said: “What cost us more was the red card. It changed the complexion of the game.

And in a pre-match press briefing yesterday, Mabedi said: Mabedi said: “The odds are stacked against us, but tomorrow [today]being a special day [Mother’s Day], we need to get a good result to make Malawians happy.“We have let them down big time and we owe them a lot. We need to do well and make them happy.“But for us to achieve that, the boys also need to give their all.”On whether he is fearing for his job following a string of poor results, the Flames gaffer said: “Look, as a coach you can be fired or you can leave any time depending on the situation.

“So, I am not moved, I am not worried because I know why we find ourselves in such a situation. And unless we correct that, we will continue to struggle even if another coach comes.”

However, Mabedi said as coach, he takes all the responsibility.“I am following all the negative comments being said, but I am calm. I know people are angry that the team isn’t doing well and they are entitled to that.”

They have conceded 10 goals already—the most in the qualifiers—so any hopes of them ending their four-game winless run against Senegal will hinge on better defensive stability.

Munthali is ineligible for this afternoon’s tie and his absence has opened the door for George Chikooka, who conceded all the four goals in Dakar.

Dennis Chembezi will marshal the defence.

Democrartic Republic of Congo (DRC)-based winger Patrick Mwaungulu, who was sacrificed for Chikooka after thered card, is most likely to mesh with Zambia-based Chawanangwa Kaonga upfront.

In midfield, Mozambique-based Yamikani Chester and Lanjesi Nkhoma, who plies his trade in DRC will orchestrate play from the wings with Lloyd Aaron and captain John ‘CJ’ Banda tipped to man the engine room.

Senegal coach Pape Thiaw was quoted by senenews.com as having said they will go flat out to win with more goals so as to catch up with table-toppers Burkina Faso.

“We can’t sit back. We have to be on the offensive and focus on attacking. We need to score more goals,” he said.

Former Liverpool forward Mane, who now plays for Saudi Arabia top-flight side Al Nassr, will lead the West Africans’ attack line with the hope of increasing his national team goal tally which is now at 45.

Their arsenal also includes Chelsea’s striker Nicolas Jackson, midfielder Pape Gueye, who plays for Spanish La Liga side Villarreal and Crystal Palace winger Ismaila Sarr.

 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
VKontakte
 
Odnoklassniki
 
Pocket
 
Share via Email
 
Print
Garry Chirwa
AIP beneficiaries told to cut fertiliser dependency
AIP beneficiaries told to cut fertiliser dependency
 Judiciary on trial
 Judiciary on trial
Related Articles
Northern Region stars get honours
7 hours ago
PER capita spending on children drops
7 hours ago
10 political parties get K160m during SKC funeral
7 hours ago
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Popular
Recent
Comments
2024 JCE, PSLCE selection results drop
August 17, 2024
Communities team up to protect children
August 27, 2024
Civil servants’ 12% pay hike gets the nod
April 5, 2024
2024 MSCE results register 54.79% pass rate
September 17, 2024
Communities honechild protection skills
September 4, 2024
Recent News
Foundation gives people fertiliser
6 hours ago
NGO targets remote areas,raises funds for motorcycles
6 hours ago
People in Machinga get cash transfers for food
7 hours ago
Catholic Health Commission gives health centres bicycles
7 hours ago
Advertisement
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved  |  Nation Publications Limited
Facebook
X
YouTube
Instagram
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://mwnation.com/flames-out-to-salvage-pride/ 
 ----- 
