SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
SOUTH KOREA DOWN JORDAN WHILE QATAR WIN IN ASIAN WORLD CUP QUALIFYING
South Korea down Jordan while Qatar win in Asian World Cup qualifying
Reuters,
10.10.2024 16:49
Updated 10.10.2024 18:48
South Korea have seven points from their three matches
REUTERS / Alaa Al Sukhni
South Korea beat Jordan 2-0 in Amman on Thursday to move top of Group B in the third round of Asia's World Cup preliminaries as Australia won their first match under new coach Tony Popovic.

Goals from Lee Jae-sung and Oh Hyeong-gu gave underfire coach Hong Myung-bo his second win in a row and lifted the Koreans on to seven points from three matches.

Hong had been booed after Korea's opening 0-0 draw with Palestine in Seoul but back-to-back wins mean the Taeguk Warriors are in a strong position to continue their record of qualifying for every World Cup since 1986.

A header from Lee gave South Korea, missing injured captain Son Heung-min, the lead in the 38th minute and Oh doubled the advantage 23 minutes into the second half when he wrong-footed Yazeed Abulaila to score from inside the area.

Match stats
Flashscore

Oman eased to a 4-0 win over Kuwait in Muscat to move off the bottom of Group B with Abdulrahman Al Mushaifri scoring twice for Rashid Jabar's side.

In Group A, Uzbekistan were unable to find a way past Iran's defence despite the visitors having only 10 players for the final 35 minutes of their top-of-the-table clash as they played out a 0-0 draw in Tashkent.

Defender Saleh Hardani was shown a red card 10 minutes into the second half for a dangerous tackle on Uzbekistan captain Eldor Shomurodov.

Asian champions Qatar won their first game of the third round with a 3-1 victory over Kyrgyzstan, Almoez Ali putting Tintin Marquez's side in front before Tamirlan Kozubaev's own goal doubled the home team's advantage.

Alimardon Shukurov pulled one back for the Central Asians but Ibrahim Al Hassan put the result beyond doubt with nine minutes remaining to move the Qataris up to fourth, level on four points with the United Arab Emirates.

United Arab Emirates drew with North Korea as Jong Il Gwan struck four minutes from time to earn his side a 1-1 draw in Al Ain.

Yahya Al Ghassani had put the home side in front and Han Kwang-song's 74th-minute penalty was saved by Khalied Eisa before Jong's late leveller.

Australia picked up their first win of the campaign at the third attempt as Popovic led them to a 3-1 victory over China in Adelaide in his first game since replacing Graham Arnold as coach.

Match stats
Flashscore

Hometown favourite Craig Goodwin powered home a long-range strike in the 53rd minute after setting up Australia's first goal just before halftime with a free kick that was headed in by Lewis Miller to cancel out Xie Wenneng's opener.

Nishan Velupillay made sure of the win on his international debut with a stoppage-time goal.

Indonesia, meanwhile, were denied victory by hosts Bahrain deep into stoppage time when Mohamed Marhoon scored his second of the game to earn his side a 2-2 draw with the Southeast Asians, who have now drawn their last three matches.

The top two in each group advance automatically to the World Cup while the third and fourth-placed sides go into another round of preliminaries.

Group C leaders Japan take on Saudi Arabia in Jeddah later on Thursday while Iraq play Palestine in Group B.

MENTIONS
Football
South Korea
Jordan
Qatar
Australia
Related Articles
Prolific Japan set sights on Saudi Arabia as top teams clash in key World Cup qualifiers
08.10.2024 15:59
Son to miss Tottenham's visit to Brighton and South Korea matches
04.10.2024 12:28
FIFA to allow close-season signings to play in upcoming Club World Cup
03.10.2024 17:22
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
6 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
6 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
7 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
8 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
9 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
10 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
10 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
13 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
13 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
13 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/south-korea-down-jordan-while-qatar-win-in-asian-world-cup-qualifying/nil3X2D5/ 
 ----- 
