Go to Contents
Go to Navigation
SEARCH
History
English
Facebook
Twitter
RSS Feed
Yonhap News Agency
Today's date
TUE. December 17, 2024
Today's weather
Jeju12 ℃CAI Moderate 60
Seoul2 ℃CAI Moderate 54
Busan8 ℃CAI Moderate 56
Daegu7 ℃CAI Good 40
Incheon1 ℃CAI Moderate 63
Gwangju7 ℃CAI Moderate 53
Daejeon5 ℃CAI Moderate 58
Ulsan7 ℃CAI Moderate 61
Jeju12 ℃CAI Moderate 60
Seoul2 ℃CAI Moderate 54
Latest News
(Yonhap Interview) Hitejinro to consider overseas plant expansion, M&As depending on market demands
now
Corporate sales growth slows, but profitability improves in Q3
now
Financial markets to hold year's final trading session on Dec. 30
now
Martial law commander arrested over alleged insurrection
now
(LEAD) Constitutional Court says impeachment document delivery to Yoon delayed
now
(URGENT) Court issues arrest warrant for 'martial law commander' Park An-su
now
Yonhap News Summary
now
Foreign workers in S. Korea hit 1 mln mark for 1st time
now
Builders' sales increase for 3rd year to surpass record high 500 tln won in 2023
now
(Copyright)
now
Joint investigation team attempts raid on presidential security service
now
(LEAD) S. Korea sanctions top N.K. military officers, missile developer involved in Russia's war against Ukraine
now
(URGENT) Joint investigation team attempts raid on presidential security service
now
S. Korean Bond Yields on morning of Dec. 17, 2024
now
S. Korea holds regular defense drills around Dokdo: source
now
(Yonhap Interview) Hitejinro to consider overseas plant expansion, M&As depending on market demands
now
Corporate sales growth slows, but profitability improves in Q3
now
Pause
 
more
All News
National
North Korea
Economy/Finance
BIZ
Culture/K-pop
Sports
Images
Videos
(LEAD) S. Korea blank Jordan without Son Heung-min in World Cup qualifying match
Yoo Jee-ho
All News 01:27 October 11, 2024
SHARE LIKE SAVE PRINT FONT SIZE

(ATTN: ADDS details from para 10, photos)
By Yoo Jee-ho

SEOUL, Oct. 11 (Yonhap) -- South Korea defeated Jordan 2-0 in a World Cup qualifying match in Amman on Thursday without captain Son Heung-min, avenging a loss to their Middle Eastern foe at the top continental tournament eight months ago.

Midfielder Lee Jae-sung headed home the opener in the 38th minute at Amman International Stadium in the Jordanian capital, before substitute Oh Hyeon-gyu netted his first international goal in the 68th minute of the teams' Group B match of the third round in the Asian World Cup qualification tournament.


South Korean players mob Lee Jae-sung (C) after Lee scored against Jordan during the teams' Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Amman International Stadium in Amman on Oct. 10, 2024. (Yonhap)

South Korea improved to seven points to momentarily move to the top of the group, with Iraq, sitting at four points, scheduled to host Palestine later Thursday.

Jordan had defeated South Korea 2-0 in the semifinals of the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup in Qatar on Feb. 6, preventing the Taegeuk Warriors from winning their first Asian Cup since 1960. The loss cost then-head coach Jurgen Klinsmann his job after less than a year at the helm.

South Korea played without Son, after the Tottenham Hotspur talisman was dropped from the squad last week due to a left hamstring injury. Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae wore the armband in this match.

For Jordan, Yazan Al-Naimat, who had scored the first goal in the Asian Cup win, only played the second half, while Mousa Al-Tamari, the other scorer in that match, was held out due to an ankle injury.

Coached by Hong Myung-bo, South Korea will next face Iraq at Yongin Mireu Stadium in Yongin, some 40 kilometers south of Seoul, on Tuesday.

There are three groups of six nations in the third round, and the top two teams from each group will grab their tickets to the 2026 FIFA World Cup, to be co-hosted by the United States, Mexico and Canada.

South Korea have played at every World Cup since 1986.


Members of the South Korean starting lineup pose for photos before facing Jordan in their Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Amman International Stadium in Amman on Oct. 10, 2024. Top row, left to right: Cho Yu-min, Joo Min-kyu, Park Yong-woo, Kim Min-jae and Jo Hyeon-woo. Bottom row, left to right: Lee Kang-in, Hwang Hee-chan, Hwang In-beom, Lee Jae-sung, Lee Myung-jae and Seol Young-woo. (Yonhap)

Without Son, Hwang Hee-chan, Lee Jae-sung and Lee Kang-in got the start as attacking midfielders, lining up behind striker Joo Min-kyu.

On defense, Kim Min-jae had his third different partner in three matches with Cho Yu-min. Midfielders Hwang In-beom and Park Yong-woo were assigned defensive roles, while Jo Hyeon-woo received his third consecutive start of the third round.

South Korea survived close calls in the opening moments. Less than four minutes in, Mohannad Abu Taha tested Jo with a hard shot from close range, though the Jordanian forward was called for a foul prior to the shot.


Kim Min-jae of South Korea (C) battles Mohammad Abu Hasheesh of Jordan (R) for the ball during their Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Amman International Stadium in Amman on Oct. 10, 2024. (Yonhap)

In the seventh minute, Mohammad Abu Hasheesh hit the bottom right post with a shot set up by Ali Olwan's cross, but the ball had already gone across the end line before Olwan made the pass.

Midway through the first half, South Korea lost their one remaining Premier Leaguer, Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers, to an apparent leg injury.

Hwang first went down in the 10th minute following a hard challenge from Abdallah Nasib. Then Ehsan Haddad tackled Hwang from behind in the 21st minute, sending Hwang to the ground in obvious pain.

Hwang, unable to put any weight on his left leg, was helped off the pitch by team trainers. Eom Ji-sung took his place on the left wing.

South Korea gradually found their offensive rhythm and broke through with the opening goal in the 38th minute.


Lee Kang-in of South Korea (C) makes a pass against Jordan during the teams' Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Amman International Stadium in Amman on Oct. 10, 2024. (Yonhap)

After taking a cross on the right wing, fullback Seol Young-woo faked Mohammad Abu Hasheesh out of position and sent a left-footed cross to Lee Jae-sung, who was unmarked as he soared to head the ball into the top right corner.

South Korea suffered more rotten injury luck five minutes into the second half, with Eom leaving the match with his own injury. Bae Jun-ho came on as his replacement, while Oh Hyeon-gyu came on as the new striker in place of Joo Min-kyu.

Jordan got behind the scrambling defense in the 53rd minute but Olwan fired his right-footed shot high and wide to the right.

South Korea doubled their lead in the 68th minute, thanks to some great individual effort by Oh.

After South Korea stole the ball in the middle of the field, Oh took a pass from Bae charging down the left wing. With Abdallah Nasib in front of him, Oh scored off his right foot from the left side of the box, as the Jordanian defender ended up screening his own goalkeeper, Yazeed Abulaila.

South Korea cruised to the finish line, with Jordan unable to mount much of a fight.


Hwang Hee-chan of South Korea lies on the pitch in pain after being fouled by a Jordanian player during their Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Amman International Stadium in Amman on Oct. 10, 2024. (Yonhap)

jeeho@yna.co.kr
(END)

Related Articles
Minus Son, S. Korea trying to avenge Asian Cup loss to Jordan in World Cup qualifier
Injured captain Son Heung-min dropped from nat'l team for World Cup qualifiers
S. Korea coach hopes slumping Wolves forward will be rejuvenated after nat'l team duty
(LEAD) S. Korea keeping eye on injured Sonny ahead of World Cup qualifiers in Oct.
Europe-based youngsters called up for S. Korea for World Cup qualifiers in Oct.
MORE(+5)
 
Keywords
#football #World Cup
You May Like
Ukrainian military releases image of N.K. troops allegedl y killed in Kursk: report
4 dead, 4 injured as truck crashes into rental car in Jeju
Ex-Defense Minister Kim gives up on arrest warrant hearing
Ex-PPP lawmaker, political broker indicted in election nomination scandal probe
Who is Overcharging You for Car Insurance in South Carolina? (Check Zip Code)
Ottoinsurance.com
Learn More
Here’s the Best, Last Minut e Gift for Literally Anyone
Elements Massage
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their Age (Take A Look)
Car Insurance Plans | Search Ads
Learn More
Do Not Take Apple Cider Vinegar To Slim Down Befo re You See This
Gundry MD
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
Issue Keywords
#Constitutional Court#Yoon Suk Yeol#acting president#Yoon impeachment#arrest warrant
(LEAD) Constitutional Court says impeachment document delivery to Yoon delayed
(LEAD) Yoon's office sends back summons for questioning
(LEAD) Acting President Han vows to begin implementing 2025 budget on Jan. 1
(3rd LD) Constitutional Court to begin Yoon's impeachment trial Dec. 27
Martial law commander arrested over alleged insurrection
Most Liked
(Yearender) Han Kang's Nobel win marks global recognition of S. Korea's collective trauma, literary healing
BTS' Jungkook wins two 2024 BBMAs, marking 2 consecutive years of success
Yoon ordered arrest of judge who made not-guilty verdict on opposition leader: police chief's lawyer
(LEAD) 200 Russian, N. Korean troops allegedly killed in combat against Ukraine: Kyiv
Police chief reportedly says Yoon called 6 times to order lawmakers' arrests
Most Saved
(Yearender) Han Kang's Nobel win marks global recognition of S. Korea's collective trauma, literary healing
(3rd LD) Nat'l Assembly passes bill on permanent special counsel probe into Yoon's insurrection charges
Ex-defense minister attempted suicide at detention facility: correction official
(2nd LD) Yoon defends martial law decree as act of governance, rejects insurrection charges
New motion to impeach Yoon over martial law declaration reported to Nat'l Assembly
Most Viewed All Categories
(LEAD) 200 Russian, N. Korean troops allegedly killed in combat against Ukraine: Kyiv
(2nd LD) Constitutional Court to begin Yoon's impeachment trial Dec. 27
Ruling party leader Han Dong-hoon steps down following Yoon's impeachment
Constitutional Court asks Yoon to give written answers in impeachment trial
(4th LD) Prosecutors again summon Yoon to appear for questioning
Most Viewed More
Most Viewed Photos
Constitutional Court justices in focus
 
Ruling party leader resigns
 
Props from 'Squid Game' at Gwanghwamun Square
 
Winter beach
Main Article Right Now
Yoon's office sends back summons for questioning
Court issues arrest warrant for 'martial law commander' Park An-su
S. Korea begins production of spy drones for N.K. surveillance
S. Korea-U.S. alliance is not just between presidents, but between governments, people: State Dept.
Constitutional Court says impeachment document delivery to Yoon delayed
Acting President Han vows to begin implementing 2025 budget on Jan. 1
HOME All News
News

All News

National

North Korea

Economy/Finance

Biz

Culture/K-pop

Sports

Images

Videos

Top News

Most Viewed

Korean Newspaper Headlines

Today in Korean History

Yonhap News Summary

Editorials from Korean Dailies

Special
Interviews
Features
Yonhap Korea Stories
Information

Korea in Brief

Useful Links

Festival Calendar

Weather

Advertise with Yonhap News Agency

Tools
RSS
Mobile Service
About Yonhap
About Us
Contact Us
Subscription
Copyright
Copyright (c) Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
LANGUAGE
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
RSS Feed
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.yna.co.kr/view/AEN20241011000251315 
 ----- 
