Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago White Sox See Another Bit of Embarrassing History Go Against Them on Tuesday
The Chicago White Sox lost to the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday as history was against them once again.
Brady Farkas | Sep 4, 2024
Chicago White Sox pitcher Nick Nastrini (43) winds up to throw a first inning pitch against the Baltimore Orioles at Oriole Park at Camden Yards on Sept 3. / Tommy Gilligan-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago White Sox

The Chicago White Sox are in a sad state of affairs. At 31-109, they are on track to be the worst team in baseball history - by a fairly significant margin. Mired in what will be a years-long rebuild, there isn't a lot of hope on the South Side, either.

Every single day a bit of baseball history seems to go against them and starting pitcher Nick Nastrini was the latest to fall victim to it.

In Tuesday's loss to the Baltimore Orioles (9-0), Nastrini went 1.2 innings, giving up seven runs (four earned) on four hits. He walked six in that time while striking out two. He's 0-7 for the season with a 7.79 ERA.

Per @JayHayKid of the "Baseball is Dead" podcast:

Nick Nastrini is the first White Sox pitcher since Ray Phelps in 1935 to rack up 6+ BB and 7+ R in a start of fewer than 2 IP.

He’s the first pitcher to do so in MLB overall since Ricky Romero in 2012.

The 24-year-old Nastrini may have better days ahead, but those days have not come in 2024. He made his major league debut back on April 15. Nastrini was a fourth-round pick of the Los Angeles Dodgers back in 2021 out of UCLA.

The White Sox will play the Orioles again on Wednesday night with first pitch coming at 6:35 p.m. ET. Jonathan Cannon will pitch against Albert Suarez.

Cannon is 2-9 with a respectable 4.70 ERA while Suarez is 7-4 with a 3.14.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 4, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/chicago-white-sox-see-another-bit-of-embarrassing-history-go-against-them-on-tuesday-because-of-pitcher-nick-nastrini 
 ----- 
