Skip to content
Subscribe Now
15°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Chicago White Sox snap a 12-game losing streak: ‘Every win is good. It’s been tough this year to get those.’
White Sox catcher Chuckie Robinson and reliever Justin Anderson celebrate after the final out of an 8-1 victory against the Orioles on Sept. 4, 2024, in Baltimore. (Scott Taetsch/Getty)
By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 3:20 PM CDT

BALTIMORE — Nicky Lopez entered Wednesday with six career home runs in six major-league seasons — most recently on Aug.12 of last year while with the Atlanta Braves.

The Chicago White Sox infielder added to that total in the first inning against the Baltimore Orioles, leading off the game with a home run to right field.

“Kind of crazy, huh?” Lopez said. “I don’t hit them often, but when I do it’s a good feeling. It’s not the type of player I am, but it’s a weight off the shoulders to get one.”

It was the first of three home runs on the night for the Sox, who snapped a 12-game losing streak with an 8-1 victory in front of 17,843 at Camden Yards.

The Sox avoided the sweep by winning the finale of the three-game series. It was the team’s first victory since Aug. 21 at San Francisco.

“Every win is good,” Lopez said. “It’s been tough this year to get those. But every win feels good. Especially because — and I feel like a broken record — we pull so hard for each other in here. It’s a close group and we haven’t been able to get over that hump.”

The Sox are 32-109, and with 21 games remaining they need to go 11-10 to avoid tying the 1962 New York Mets (40-120) for the most losses in modern-day Major League Baseball history.

Andrew Vaughn hit a home run to lead off the fourth, his 16th of the season, giving the Sox a 2-1 lead. Dominic Fletcher added a two-run homer later in the inning. Like Lopez, it was the first of the season for Fletcher.

The Sox knocked Orioles starter Albert Suárez out of the game during a two-run fifth. He allowed six runs on eight hits in 4 1/3 innings.

White Sox second baseman Nicky Lopez celebrates after hitting a home run in the first inning against the Orioles on Sept. 4, 2024, in Baltimore. (Stephanie Scarbrough/AP)
Orioles center fielder Cedric Mullins is tagged out by White Sox third baseman Lenyn Sosa in the second inning on Sept. 4, 2024, in Baltimore. (Stephanie Scarbrough/AP)

Fletcher also aided the Sox defensively, making a tremendous throw from right field to third to cut down Cedric Mullins, who had tagged up from second, to end the second inning.

Center fielder Luis Robert Jr. also made an impact offensively — going 2-for-4 with an RBI — and defensively — running to the fence to rob Mullins of an extra-base hit with a leaping catch in the fifth. But Robert exited with right hamstring tightness after grounding into a double play in the sixth.

“Luis is good, he said he was fine to stay in there,” Sizemore said. “I knew coming into the game they said he was a little tight from yesterday, said he felt something a little bit. I just wanted to be cautious.

“He’ll be in there Friday (at Boston), everything is good.”

That was the only hiccup of the night for the Sox, who received strong pitching from starter Jonathan Cannon.

The right-hander has played a role in ending each of the three double-digit losing streaks for the Sox this season. He earned the save when the Sox snapped a 14-game skid by beating the Boston Red Sox 7-2 on June 7. He was the winning pitcher when the team’s 21-game slide ended against the Oakland Athletics with a 5-1 victory on Aug. 6.

Cannon allowed one run on five hits with four strikeouts and one walk in 5 2/3 innings and picked up the victory Wednesday.

White Sox starter Jonathan Cannon celebrates with teammates in the dugout after the sixth inning against the Orioles Sept. 4, 2024, in Baltimore. (Scott Taetsch/Getty)

“I felt really good with command of everything,” Cannon said. “I think the biggest thing for me was just getting ahead, We’ve talked about in my last couple starts just being in bad counts, and just being behind. And that was just the biggest focus today was just to get ahead of these guys.”

After losing the first two games in the series by a combined 22-3 (13-3 on Monday, 9-0 on Tuesday), Cannon provided a pitching performance the team desperately needed.

“This is a night where it came together,” Sizemore said. “It was nice to get some balls falling in and get good pitching and clean defense. That’s the way we want to play.

“It shows those guys how they can do it and try to repeat those kinds of efforts where we are playing clean, we’re having good at-bats and doing everything we need to do to win.”

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:47 PM CDT
Around the Web
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Your New Favorite Pair of Jeans | Limited Time Only Shop 30% Off Sale Items
Lucky Brand
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You! (Take a Peek!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer No One Expected to Be True!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
North Charleston: Almost Priceless Container Homes at Stunning Prices - Explore Here!
Shipping Container Homes
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
USW President McCall releases statement after U.S. Steel lawsuit
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
Debate over the future of CTA, Metra, Pace, RTA to heat up in Springfield this year
‘Den of Thieves 2’ opens at No. 1 as ‘Better Man’ flops
Hebron getting grocery store after seven years without one: ‘We don’t want to be a food desert anymore’
The LA county wildfires could be the costliest in US history, early estimates say
16 dead, 16 missing as fire crews try to corral Los Angeles blazes before winds return this week
Ohio State favored by 9½ points over Notre Dame — the second-largest spread in CFP title game history
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
4
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/04/chicago-white-sox-baltimore-orioles-3/ 
 ----- 
