Skip to main content
Zimbabwe
Nav toggle
Search
HOME
ZIMBABWE
DR. AYODELE ODUSOLA ASSUMES ROLE AS NEW UNDP RESIDENT REPRESENTATIVE FOR ZIMBABWE
Dr. Ayodele Odusola Assumes Role as New UNDP Resident Representative for Zimbabwe
NOVEMBER 17, 2023

Dr. Ayodele Odusola presents his credentials to Hon. Shava, Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Trade

UNDP Zimbabwe/Vimbiso Nyamhunga

Harare - The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Zimbabwe is pleased to announce its new Resident Representative, Dr. Ayodele Odusola. Dr. Odusola presented his credentials to the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Trade, Hon. Frederick Shava, on 17 November 2023. 

Dr. Odusola is a Nigerian national with over 20 years of experience in development. He joins UNDP Zimbabwe from South Africa, where he served as the UNDP Resident Representative and inaugural Director of the Africa Sustainable Finance Hub. In this latter capacity, he led UNDP’s pioneering efforts towards the future of development in Africa. 

Prior to South Africa, Dr. Odusola was Chief Economist and Head of the Strategy and Analysis Team for UNDP’s Regional Bureau for Africa (RBA), where he coordinated economic, social and environmental dimensions of development in Africa. He led the preparation of regional flagship reports for RBA, as well as strategic policy notes and occasional policy papers in areas such as fiscal space, youth employment, value chain development, renewable energy, and climate change. 

Dr. Odusola is a prolific author with more than 100 publications in books, journals, policy briefs, and technical reports, including *Africa's Agricultural Renaissance: From Paradox to Powerhouse, (Palgrave Macmillan 2021). He has also worked in the Presidency of Nigeria, consulted for various organizations including the IMF (African Visiting Scholar 2002), the World Bank, the Global Development Network, and the World Institute of Development Economic Research. He holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Ibadan, Nigeria. 

In his new role, Dr. Odusola looks forward to working with the Government of Zimbabwe, civil society, and the private sector to accelerate the country's development journey. He is particularly keen to support Zimbabwe in its efforts to develop and expand renewable energy options, support re-engagement and debt resolution efforts, contribute to building resilient and sustainable systems for health, and invest in sustainable, climate-smart agricultural practices.

NEWS
UNDP, Global Fund handover US$4 Million Vehicle Fleet for Strengthening Zimbabwe’s Health System

The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) has given 136 vehicles to Zimbabwe's Ministry of Health to improve healthcare services, especially in remote…

READ MORE
PRESS RELEASES
Rich countries attain record human development, but half of the poorest have gone backwards, finds UN Development Programme

Uneven development progress is leaving the poorest behind, exacerbating inequality, and stoking political polarization on a global scale. The result is a…

READ MORE
SPEECHES
Keynote address on the role of business in shaping sustainability policy and practice at the Diplomat Networking Club Breakfast Meeting

Keynote address by Dr. Ayodele Odusola on the role of business in shaping sustainability policy and practice at the Diplomat Networking Club Breakfast Meeting.

READ MORE
PUBLICATIONS
Jotsholo Abbatoir - Burkina Faso Study Tour

The Burkina Faso delegation led by the Governor of the Sahel Region under the Ministry in Charge of Decentralization visited UNDP on 20-24 November 2023. The…

READ MORE
BLOG
Closing the Gap, Opening Opportunities

Empowering women and addressing climate change are two interconnected challenges that demand urgent attention. In Zimbabwe, where agriculture is a crucial sector…

READ MORE

United Nations

Development Programme

WHO WE ARE
About us
Funding and delivery
Our team
Legal framework
WHAT WE DO
Sustainable Development Goals
Gender Equality & Women Empowerment
Focus Areas
OUR IMPACT
News Centre
Publications
Projects
Blogs
Stories
Events
Videos
GET INVOLVED
Careers
Procurement
 
Report Fraud, Abuse, Misconduct
Submit social or environmental complaint
Scam Alert
Terms of Use
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube

© 2024 United Nations Development Programme
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.undp.org/zimbabwe/news/dr-ayodele-odusola-assumes-role-new-undp-resident-representative-zimbabwe 
 ----- 
