Skip to main content
Tajikistan
Nav toggle
Search
HOME
TAJIKISTAN
UNDP VIDEO COMPETITION "CHANGE MAKERS IN ACTION: 16 DAYS OF ACTIVISM AGAINST GENDER-BASED VIOLENCE”
UNDP Video Competition "Change makers in Action: 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence”
NOVEMBER 15, 2023

ТОҶИКӢ  РУССКИЙ

UNDP’s Video Competition for 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence is now open! This year’s theme is “UNITE! Invest to prevent violence against women and girls.”

The UNDP competition aims to raise awareness about the gender-based violence and domestic violence in Tajikistan, the importance of promoting women’s rights, gender equality, women’s education, and family health by addressing traditional narratives and stereotypes through impactful social media videos. 

How to enter

Please enter using the form, which can be found here.

Any questions can be emailed to nigorai.fazliddin@undp.org. 

[Deadline extended] All entries must be submitted by 24 December 2023, 23.59 GMT+5. 

Who can participate?

Participation is open to everyone, including individuals or organizations. Your submission must state your organization if applicable. 

Participants under the age of 18 years must have prior consent from their legal guardians and confirm this when completing the application form. 

There is no participation fee to enter the competition.

What to submit? (Eligibility criteria)

All participants will submit the following:

Link to the video (up to 2 minutes and 20 seconds) published on a social media platform (TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, or other platforms) containing the hashtag #16DaysOfActivismTJK. Make sure the video is set to public in the Privacy settings of your social media platform.
A short description (around 150 words) in Tajik, Russian or English of the scenario/story, and its relevance and relation to the theme. 
A signed form to agree to Copyright Authorization, and declaration of video ownership in the Video Competition form. In the case of applicants under 18, a signed form to agree that permission from legal guardians has been granted. Download UNDP Video Competition Authorization Form

Participants should refrain from revealing any unnecessary personal information and any submissions that are offensive, obscene, or defamatory will be rejected. Applicants will receive an email to notify if their submission has been accepted or rejected. 

Any participants suspected of cheating will be disqualified from the competition. No logos, URLs, telephone numbers, or calls that solicit directly for monetary donations should be included in any material.

Criteria for selection

All entries will be reviewed to determine if they meet the criteria before entering the competition. The following criteria will be applied to judge the submitted video:

Relevance to the 16 Days of Activism theme
Creativity
Quality 
Engagement (likes, reposts, comments on the social media video)

Selection of Winners

Finalists will be notified by email by 6 December 2023. The finalists will have their videos shown at a public screening event in Dushanbe, Tajikistan. 

Prizes

The finalists will have their videos shown at the 16 Days of Activism event in Dushanbe and promoted through UNDP social media platforms. 

Copyright

Participants must be the sole owner of the rights to their video. If the video focuses on a particular subject, the participant must obtain his/her/their consent to submit the video prior to entering the competition. By entering the competition, the owner of the video is declaring that they have been granted permission by all individuals in the video to submit the video to the UNDP Video Competition. 

By entering the video competition, copyright holders retain copyright of their work. However, participants grant the UNDP the right to use the videos for public information and exhibition purposes at no cost and without prior permission from the copyright holder. The applicant is hereby authorizing the UNDP the right to use, royalty-free and without limitation, for a period of however many years, starting at the date of submission, in the whole world, material submitted for the video competition, including the right to edit, copy, reproduce, distribute, translate, and show in public any such intellectual property, for whatever purpose, via any form or medium, either on this website or elsewhere, for promotional activities or events arranged by the UNDP, locally or worldwide. UNDP will only use the videos for non-commercial purposes, including exhibitions, education and advocacy materials, websites, social media, etc. Video credits and copyrights will be duly indicated when using the video.

By entering the competition, participants agree to be bound by the competition rules and the copyright arrangement.

An online webinar to explain the rules of the video competition will be held on Monday, 20 November at 14:00. Please click here to register by 20 November 2023, 10:00 GMT+5, to receive an invitation link. 

United Nations

Development Programme

WHO WE ARE
About us
Legal framework
Funding and delivery
Our team
WHAT WE DO
Our focus
Sustainable Development Goals
OUR IMPACT
News Centre
Publications
Projects
Stories
GET INVOLVED
Contact us
Procurement
Jobs
 
Report Fraud, Abuse, Misconduct
Submit social or environmental complaint
Scam Alert
Terms of Use

© 2024 United Nations Development Programme
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.undp.org/tajikistan/news/undp-video-competition-change-makers-action-16-days-activism-against-gender-based-violence 
 ----- 
