TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

Switzerland Vs Denmark Prediction Preview Lineups Uefa Nations League 15th October 2024

Advertisement
4 min read
Mohit Tomar
Mod: 14 Oct 2024 05:59 AM
Switzerland vs Denmark Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | Nations League | October 15, 2024
Denmark
Switzerland
Switzerland vs Denmark
UEFA Nations League
Switzerland vs Denmark Preview
Tournament: UEFA Nations League
Date: Tuesday, October 15.
Time: 06:45 PM GMT
Venue: Kybunpark, Switzerland

Switzerland vs Denmark is set to be played at the Kybunpark Stadium, Denmark will be looking to do the double over Switzerland, they won their previous encounter against Switzerland by 2-0. The Swiss side has looked completely out of plans and strategies in the competition. They have already lost their last 3 games and are expected to struggle against Denmark.

Denmark is coming to this game after a defeat against Spain. They still looked disciplined and held their own but lost control in the second half of the game. This marked their first defeat as they were on a two-win streak. On the other hand, Switzerland hasn’t won a single game in the competition and struggled to find balance in the team as well as looked out of ideas on the field. Let’s take a look at look at team news and predicted lineups for the Switzerland vs Denmark game.

Switzerland national football team news
Switzerland players in a group photo during a game against Spain (Source: Getty Images)

Switzerland hasn’t reported any injury concerns from their match against Serbia in the tournament. Gregor Kobel is set to continue between the sticks while Grant Xhaka and Remo Freuler are set to take command of the midfield. Dan Ndoye who had an eye-catching European Championship is likely to be the spearhead of the team.

Denmark national football team news
Switzerland players in a group photo during a game against Serbia (Source: Getty Images)

Denmark’s manager will look to make some changes in the lineup after a tough defeat against Spain in the tournament. Manchester United forward Rasmus Hojlund is expected to take the lead in the attacking half for his team on Tuesday night against Switzerland. Youssuf Poulsen is also highly expected to replace Albert Gronbaek, Poulsen has scored 14 goals for his country and will be looking to increase his tally even more.

Switzerland vs Denmark Predicyed Lineups
Switzerland national football team predicted lineup (3-4-3):

Goalkeeper: Gregor Kobel

Defenders: Manuel Akanji, Ricardo Rodriguez, Fabian Rieder

Midfielders: Nico Elvedi, Remo Freuler, Granit Xhaka, Michel Aebischer

Forwards: Dan Ndoye, Breel Embolo, Zeki Amdouni

Denmark national football team predicted lineup (3-4-3):

Goalkeeper: Kasper Schmeichel

Defenders: Rasmus Kristensen, Jannik Vestergaard, Victor Nellson

Midfielders: Alexander Bah, Morten Hjulmand, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Victor Kristiansen

Forwards: Christian Eriksen, Rasmus Hojlund, Youssuf Poulsen

ALSO READ: Jordan vs Oman Prediction, Preview, Lineups, and Team News| World Cup Qualifiers, October 15, 2024

Head-to-Head

The two sides have faced each other only 14 times in the past, where Denmark winning 5 games out of 14 games. On the other hand, Switzerland only managed to get the upper hand in 2 games against Denmark whereas 7 games ended in a draw.

Last five matches result:

Date	Match	Competition
05/09/24	Denmark 2-0 Switzerland	UEFA Nations League
23/03/24	Denmark 0-0 Switzerland	Friendly
12/10/19	Denmark 1-0 Switzerland	UEFA Euro Qualification
26/03/19	Switzerland 3-3 Denmark	UEFA Euro Qualification
03/09/99	Denmark 2-1 Switzerland	UEFA Euro Qualification
Key Players to Watch out in Switzerland vs Demark
Breel Embolo (Switzerland)
Breel Embolo in a match against Denmark (Source: Getty Images)

Breel Embolo is expected to play a key role for the Switerzland in their game against Denmark. Embolo has already netted 15 goals for his country and will be counting on him to gain back some momentum in the tournament. He hasn’t scored a goal in this tournament but made one assist.

Christian Eriksen (Denmark)
Christian Eriksen in a match against Switzerland (Source: Getty Images)

Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is likely to play an important part for his team against Switzerland on Tuesday night. Although Eriksen hasn’t done justice to his name this might be the game to bring back his best in the tournament. He has a pass accuracy of 79% in the tournaments which isn’t great considering how good of a player he is. He is expected to be the key player for their game against Switzerland.

Switzerland vs Denmark Prediction

Denmark started their campaign with two back-to-back wins in the UEFA Nations League but faced a defeat against Spain in their last encounter. They are behind only Spain in their group. Denmark hasn’t lost a single game in their last 5 encounters against Switzerland, winning 3 and 2 ended up as a draw. They are expected to win this game as well given their form and history against them. Their defense has been good and is all set to bounce back and dominate their next game.

On the other hand, things are looking bleak for Switzerland national football team having lost all 3 of their game. They have only managed to score 1 goal in this tournament but conceded 6 goals. Nothing going in their favor, their defense is looking dreadful while their passing and scoring areas aren’t looking that great as well. They are currently at the bottom of their group.

Predicted Score: Switzerland 1-2 Denmark

ALSO READ: Belgium vs France Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | UEFA Nations League, October 14, 2024

Where to watch Switzerland vs Denmark live?
Country	Where to Watch
UK	ITV
USA	Fox Sports USA English
India	SonyLIV
Switzerland	UEFA.tv
Denmark	UEFA.tv
FAQs

Q. When is Switzerland vs Denmark?

Q. Where can you watch Switzerland vs Denmark for free?

Q. What is the predicted score for Switzerland vs Denmark?

Q. What is the recent head-to-head record for Switzerland vs Denmark?

Trending Articles

20 Best African Players in Premier League History

Where to watch Juventus vs Cagliari in the Coppa Italia for free?

Ajax vs Telstar Lineups, Preview, Prediction and Team N...

Who is Dominic Solanke? Know About His Net Worth, Salar...

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/switzerland-vs-denmark-prediction-preview-lineups-uefa-nations-league-15th-october-2024 
 ----- 
