SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
SWITZERLAND AND AUSTRIA PLAY OUT DRAW IN FINAL EURO 2024 WARM-UP MATCH
Switzerland and Austria play out draw in final Euro 2024 warm-up match
Rory Baird,
08.06.2024 18:01
Switzerland and Austria could not be separated in St. Gallen
AFP
Switzerland came from behind to secure a 1-1 draw against Austria at Kybunpark in St Gallen, meaning the Red Cross are now unbeaten in their last four meetings with Das Team (W3, D1).

Austria came into the game in a rich vein of form, having won their last six matches. And Ralph Rangnick’s side looked set to continue that run heading into this summer's European Championships in Germany, as they took the lead after just five minutes.

The goal came courtesy of Christoph Baumgartner after the RB Leipzig attacker raced through on goal before keeping his cool to open up his body and place the ball across the goalkeeper into the bottom-right corner.

Switzerland were having all of the possession after the goal and brought themselves level midway through the first half, when Silvan Widmer reacted fastest to a loose ball after Ruben Vargas saw his shot saved, tapping home the rebound from inside the six-yard box.

Switzerland's Silvan Widmer celebrates after scoring
AFP

The away side almost answered back immediately after though, as Yann Sommer was called into action to deny Phillip Mwene after the left-back’s ferocious strike almost found its way into the roof of the net.

The start of the second half saw the home side continue to dominate possession, but it was still the visitors that had the better of the chances.

They went close 10 minutes after the restart through Michael Gregoritsch, after the striker latched onto a precise ball into the box by Romano Schmid, only to be denied by a fantastic last-ditch block by one of the Swiss defenders.

Key match stats
Flashscore

As the game entered the final ten minutes, Austria were still creating chances and went close yet again through Gregoritsch, as the Freiburg striker fired a left-footed shot goalwards from the centre of the box, but he was thwarted by a smart save from Sommer.

Switzerland managed to hold on to secure a draw and ensure they head into their opening European Championship clash against Hungary next Saturday unbeaten in their last four matches (W2, D2).

Meanwhile, Austria will head into the European Championships on an unbeaten run of their own with Rangnick’s side now unbeaten in their last seven matches (W6, D1).

Flashscore Man of the Match: Silvan Widmer (Switzerland)

See all the match stats here.

MENTIONS
Football
Euro
Friendly International
Austria
Switzerland
Related Articles
Final Euro 2024 squads: The players that each nation will be taking to Germany
12.06.2024 20:33
Euro 2024: Ranking all the tournament's kits from best to worst
06.06.2024 05:29
2024 European Championships team guide: Every nation hunting for international glory
30.05.2024 08:11
Show more
Football
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
10 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
10 h ago
Updated
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
11 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
13 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
13 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
16 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
16 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
17 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
18 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
18 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-euro-switzerland-and-austria-play-out-draw-in-final-euro-2024-warm-up-match/Q9H3oFf2/ 
 ----- 
