Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
EASYODDS
Switzerland vs Austria Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 8th June 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 7:31am on Thu 6th June 2024  (last updated 7:31am 09/06/2024)

When Austria come to Switzerland's stadium for the Friendlies match on Saturday, Switzerland will be hoping to use their home advantage to their advantage.

Switzerland go into their encounter with fond memories, as they won 1-0 and 2-1 the last two times they played Austria.

Switzerland vs Austria Prediction
Switzerland Form

Switzerland claimed a modest two wins in their past six internationals. They also drew three and lost one, scored seven goals and conceded three.

Austria Form

Austria are in imperial form, doing the clean sweep of six wins in six internationals. They outscored their opponents by 15 goals to two along the way.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Switzerland vs Austria Stats
In 13 of the last 15 Switzerland matches in the Friendlies, the sum of goals was under 3.5
Switzerland have not lost 13 of the last 15 home matches
Switzerland have not lost 11 of the last 12 matches
In the last 3 Switzerland matches the sum of goals was under 1.5
In the last 5 Switzerland matches the sum of goals was under 2.5
Austria have scored in the last 15 matches in a row
In 16 of the last 18 Austria away matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
Austria have won the last 3 away matches in a row without conceding a goal
In 14 of the last 16 Austria matches in the Friendlies, the sum of goals was under 3.5
Austria have won 4 of the last 5 matches without conceding a goal
Switzerland vs Austria Team News
Switzerland vs Austria Betting Tips

Switzerland won six of their previous 10 matches across all tournaments at Switzerland's stadium. They drew three and lost one as well, while Austria won six of their last 10 games away. They drew one and lost three. It is a tough one to call who gets to draw first blood on Saturday. Switzerland managed to open the scoring in no less than nine of their previous 10 league games at home. Austria have been equally quick to get off the mark, scoring the opener in seven of their last 10 away games.

Switzerland managed an average of two goals in the past six encounters against Austria, who scored 1.17 goals on average. Over 2.5 goals happened five times, while both teams scored five times. Over 2.5 goals happened in five of Switzerland’s last ten matches across all tournaments. They pulled off an average of 1.7 goals during this run. Over 2.5 goals happened in four of the last ten outings for Austria, who managed to score 2.3 times in those matches.

Tips
Switzerland to win
Having considered the match from different angles, be it form, strength in squad and match history, Switzerland get our vote here. They should have enough to see them through a most likely tricky opponent in Austria.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/switzerland-vs-austria-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-8th-june-2024 
 ----- 
