Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
Switzerland vs Austria Prediction and Betting Tips | June 8th 2024
Switzerland vs Austria Prediction and Betting Tips | June 8th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jun 07, 2024 10:11 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Switzerland take on Austria in a friendly on Saturday

Switzerland will invite Austria to the Kybunpark in a friendly on Saturday. Both teams head to Germany after this match to continue their preparations for UEFA Euro 2024.

The hosts met Estonia in a friendly earlier this week and registered a 4-0 home win with Steven Zuber, Zeki Amdouni, Nico Elvedi, and Xherdan Shaqiri finding the back of the net. They have kept clean sheets in all three games in 2024 thus far.

The visitors made it six wins on the trot in all competitions earlier this week with a 2-1 home win over Serbia in a friendly. Patrick Wimmer and Christoph Baumgartner scored early in the first half to give Austria an unassailable lead.

Trending
Switzerland vs Austria Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have squared off 42 times in all competitions since 1917. The visitors have the upper hand in these meetings, with 24 wins. The hosts have 13 wins to their name and five games have ended in draws.
The hosts are on a three-game winning streak against the visitors, scoring six goals and conceding just twice.
The hosts have suffered just one loss in their last 13 games in all competitions. The visitors, meanwhile, have lost just one of their last 15 games.
Switzerland are unbeaten in their last six friendlies at home, recording five wins.
Austria have kept clean sheets in four of their last six games in all competitions while scoring 15 goals.
Six of the last seven meetings between the two teams have produced over 2.5 goals.
The visitors are unbeaten in their last six away games in all competitions, recording five wins and keeping four clean sheets.
Switzerland vs Austria Prediction

Rossocrociati have won their last two games with a 5-0 aggregate score after enduring a five-game winless run between October and March. They are unbeaten in their last nine home games and will look to build on that form. They have won five of their last six friendlies against the visitors and are strong favorites.

Das Team head into the match on a six-game-winning run and will look to keep that streak alive. They have won their last four away games, keeping three consecutive clean sheets.

Both teams have been in good touch recently and considering their recent goalscoring record, a high-scoring draw is likely to ensue.

Prediction: Switzerland 2-2 Austria

Switzerland vs Austria Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Draw

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Xherdan Shaqiri to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Austria Football Switzerland Xherdan Shaqiri Christoph Baumgartner Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/switzerland-vs-austria-prediction-betting-tips-june-8th-2024 
 ----- 
