SEARCH
PODCASTS
Man City’s De Bruyne not ruling out Saudi move
Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne celebrates with the trophy after winning the Premier League
Premier League
Wednesday 05 June | 11:55
0 Comments
By CM Reader’s View
Share:

Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne is keeping an open mind over a potential move to the Saudi Pro League, the 32-year-old Belgian said, as he prepares to enter the final year of his contract with the Premier League champions.

The Belgium captain has six Premier League crowns and one Champions League title, as well as two FA Cups and five League Cups to his name since his 2015 switch from German side VfL Wolfsburg.

“For Michele (his wife), an exotic adventure is okay. These are also conversations we are having more and more as a family,” De Bruyne told Dutch-language newspaper Het Laatste Nieuws (HLN) and television station VTM.

“I have one more year of contract, so I have to dwell on what could happen. My eldest son is now eight and knows nothing but England. He also asks how long I will play at City.

“Once the time comes, we will have to deal with it in a certain way.”

Saudi Arabia has invested heavily in sports like Formula One, golf and soccer over the last few years, with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Neymar and Karim Benzema, among big names signing lucrative deals to play in the Saudi Pro League.

“At my age, you have to be open to everything. You talk about incredible sums in what might be the end of my career. Sometimes you have to think about that,” De Bruyne added.

De Bruyne will play his 100th international when Belgium host Montenegro in a friendly on Wednesday ahead of the European Championship.

Follow Cyprus Mail on Google News
Share:
CM Reader’s View
In case you missed it
Thursday 26 December | 12:03
2024’s worst TV shows
By Constantinos Psillides
Tuesday 24 December | 04:24
British Cypriot teen looking for stem cell donor
By Vasiliki Hadjigavriel
Monday 23 December | 15:56
President announces voluntary enlistment of women into National Guard
By Gina Agapiou
Sunday 22 December | 15:05
Cold War Czechoslovakia tried to infiltrate the British bases in Cyprus
By Kyriacos Iacovides
Under the EU's GDPR regulations you will not be able to read or make comments under articles unless you accept CM cookies because the commenting platform, Disqus, will be automatically disabled. This is because Disqus is a third party platform that uses cookies and/or trackers.

Click here to change your cookie preferences
Menu
Banking & Finance
Cyprus
Divided Island
Entertainment
Life & Style
Sport
Tech & Science
World
Newsfeed
Useful Information
Pharmacies
Airport Information
Cyprus Mail
Daily newsletter
What's on weekly newsletter
Newsroom and regular contributors
Social
Contact Us
© 2024 - Cyprus-mail.com. All Rights Reserved.
COOKIE POLICY
|
TERMS & CONDITIONS
|
WEBSITE’S COOKIES NOTICE
|
WEBSITE’S PRIVACY NOTICE
|
Privacy/Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cyprus-mail.com/2024/06/05/man-citys-de-bruyne-not-ruling-out-saudi-move 
 ----- 
