  
Man United vs. Newcastle: 15 hrs 45 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Como vs. LeccePreview: Villa vs. BrightonPreview: Bologna vs. Hellas VeronaPreview: Ipswich vs. ChelseaToday's previews
Home > Football > England > Previews
Friendlies 1
Mar 23, 2024 at 7pm UK
Wembley Stadium
England
0 - 1
Brazil

 Bellingham (13')
FT
(HT: 0-0)
Endrick (80')
 Paqueta (34')
Build-up
Preview
Data Analysis
Lineups
Predicted XI
Match Report
Reaction
FOOTBALL
Preview: England vs. Brazil - prediction, team news, lineups
By Ben Knapton, Senior Reporter
Published: March 21 2024 | 10:42
Last updated: March 22 2024 | 21:35

For the first time in 2024, the bright lights of Wembley will shine down on England on Saturday evening, when the Three Lions square off with Brazil in a mouthwatering friendly battle.

As Gareth Southgate's men ramp up preparations for Euro 2024, their South American visitors are intending to snap a demoralising sequence of results in Dorival Junior's first game as head coach.

Match preview

© Reuters

Three years on from their Wembley heartache in the Euro 2020 final, this year's continental championships may represent Southgate's last-chance saloon to finally deliver another slice of international glory to the Three Lions faithful, who have little time for excuses from a manager with an incredible array of talent at his disposal.

Following a 2022 which was best consigned to the back pages of the FA history books, where England suffered World Cup quarter-final dejection and lost their top-tier status in the Nations League, Southgate's men only dropped four points en route to a first-placed finish in their Euro 2024 qualifying section.

Two victories over ailing Euro 2020 conquerors Italy arrived in that sequence, while a pair of draws with Ukraine and North Macedonia - the latter being England's most recent result - were the only blots on the English notebook before Southgate's men drew Denmark, Slovenia and Serbia in a relatively kind group.

Before Southgate's troops can dream of European supremacy, or begin their bid to rise back into League A of the Nations League against Greece, Finland and the Republic of Ireland in tier two, the Three Lions have four friendlies on the 2024 calendar, the second of which sees Belgium make the trek to Wembley three days after Brazil's stopover.

Iceland and Bosnia-Herzegovina will represent England's final pre-Euro 2024 tests in June before the world's third-ranked nation board the plane to Germany, and Southgate's men host Brazil on a 10-match unbeaten run since their World Cup 2022 campaign ended at the hands of France, or the head of Olivier Giroud to be more precise.

© Reuters

While England navigated 2023 without suffering a single defeat, Brazil's post-Tite era has got off to a largely disastrous start, as the five-time champions of the globe arrive at Wembley on a three-game losing run in qualification for the 2026 World Cup.

Slowly regressing in the 10-team CONMEBOL section since taking seven points from nine against Bolivia, Peru and Venezuela, the Selecao fell short to Uruguay, Colombia and Argentina in their previous three fixtures under Fernando Diniz, their worst streak of form in an astonishing 22 years.

Despite their uncharacteristic streak of red, Brazil are still on course for qualification to the 2026 World Cup - they sit in the sixth and final automatic spot in the CONMEBOL table - but reigning world champions Argentina are streets ahead at the top, boasting an eight-point lead over the Selecao.

Two exhibition fixtures with England and Spain represent a prime opportunity for Dorival Junior's men to revert to type, or alternatively decrease national morale further ahead of the 2024 Copa America, where Colombia, Paraguay and either Costa Rica or Honduras will await in the group stage.

Some solace can be taken from Brazil's head-to-head record versus England, whom they have only lost to four times from their previous 26 competitive and non-competitive matches, but the most recent friendly between the two sides in November 2017 ended in a drab goalless draw.

England friendly form:
W
W



England form (all competitions):
D
W
W
W
W
D






Brazil friendly form:
L
W
L



Brazil form (all competitions):
W
W
D
L
L
L



Team News

© Reuters

Among the four uncapped players in the England squad is Manchester United's midfield protege Kobbie Mainoo, who was initially called up to the Under-21s this month but was quickly promoted to the first-team ranks by Southgate, meaning that he could earn his senior debut before making his first appearance for Lee Carsley's Young Lions.

Jarrad Branthwaite, Anthony Gordon and Ezri Konsa also have aspirations of donning the England strip for the first time at senior level, but Kieran Trippier, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Reece James, Jack Grealish, Luke Shaw, Kalvin Phillips and Ben White - who did not want to be considered for selection - are all missing.

Following an injury scare while playing for Bayern Munich, Harry Kane was one of four players to miss team training on Wednesday - a list which also includes Bukayo Saka, Cole Palmer and Jordan Henderson - and none of them will be involved here; Saka has left the camp entirely.

As for Brazil, head coach Dorival Junior has already been dealt a quintuple fitness blow this month, as all of Gabriel Martinelli, Gabriel Magalhaes, Ederson, Marquinhos and Casemiro have withdrawn from the squad due to injury.

With Alisson Becker also out of contention due to his thigh issue, Junior is working with three uncapped goalkeepers in Leo Jardim, Bento and Rafael, one of whom will therefore make their first-team Brazil debuts at Wembley this weekend.

The shot-stopping trio are three of 11 players bidding to earn their first caps for the five-time World Cup winners this month, a list which also includes Wolverhampton Wanderers' Joao Gomes and Girona winger Savio, soon to be sporting the Manchester City kit.


England possible starting lineup:
Pickford; Walker, Stones, Maguire, Gomez; Foden, Rice, Bellingham; Bowen, Watkins, Rashford

Brazil possible starting lineup:
Bento; Danilo, Bremer, Beraldo, Wendell; Guimaraes, Luiz; Raphinha, Rodrygo, Vinicius Jr; Richarlison



We say: England 3-1 Brazil

With uncapped players in the double figures and Dorival Junior taking charge of the crop for the first time, Brazil will arrive at Wembley as a relatively unknown quantity, but a patched-up squad on an underwhelming run of form are facing an uphill battle to match their predecessors' results against the Three Lions.

England are not without their own fitness doubts too, but the Three Lions have never lost a home friendly under Southgate and should run a new-look an inexperienced Brazil backline ragged to get off to a winning start in 2024.


For data analysis of the most likely results, scorelines and more for this match please click here.

Written by
Ben Knapton
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


How you voted: England vs Brazil
England
65.0%
Draw
14.1%
Brazil
20.9%
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free daily transfer newsletter! Sent twice a day during the transfer window.  
Read more about Gareth Southgate Olivier Giroud Tite Dorival Junior Kobbie Mainoo Ezri Konsa Anthony Gordon Jarrad Branthwaite Lee Carsley Trent Alexander-Arnold Reece James Jack Grealish Luke Shaw Kalvin Phillips Ben White Harry Kane Bukayo Saka Cole Palmer Jordan Henderson Ollie Watkins Ivan Toney Casemiro Marquinhos Ederson Gabriel Magalhaes Gabriel Martinelli Leo Jardim Alisson Becker Bento Rafael Joao Gomes Savio Fernando Diniz Kieran Trippier Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
The best matches to watch during the international period
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
Did Trent just hint at his future? Defender responds to rumours against West Ham
Another Salah record! The numbers behind his incredible season with Liverpool
Branthwaite called up to England squad, Phillips dropped
Premier League Team of the Season so far - Haaland, Rice, Van Dijk
Kane, Saka among four players to miss England training
Southgate opens door to Chelsea's Reece James making Euro 2024 squad
Sport News 24/7 
Premier League
7.45pm
	Aston Villa	vs	Brighton
7.45pm
	Ipswich	vs	Chelsea
8pm
	Man Utd	vs	Newcastle
Serie A
5.30pm
	Como	vs	Lecce
7.45pm
	Bologna	vs	Hellas Verona
Primeira Liga
8.15pm
	Famalicao	vs	Santa Clara
League Two
8pm
	AFC Wimbledon	vs	Gillingham
NIFL Premiership
7.45pm
	Ballymena	vs	Glenavon
7.45pm
	Carrick	vs	Crusaders
7.45pm
	Cliftonville	vs	Dungannon
7.45pm
	Linfield	vs	Larne
7.45pm
	Loughgall	vs	Coleraine
7.45pm
	Portadown	vs	Glentoran
Gulf Cup of Nations
2.30pm
	Oman	vs	2nd position Group B
5.45pm
	Bahrain	vs	Kuwait
NFL
1.20am
	Falcons	@	Washington
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Click here for the overview & results for International Friendlies 2024.
> International Friendlies 2024 overview
1
Ipswich vs. Chelsea injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
Man Utd vs. Newcastle injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
3
"He's a smiling assassin": Is Amorim right to banish problematic Rashford?
4
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
5
Spurs to sack Postecoglou? Boss sets unwanted Premier League record in Wolves draw
6
Champions in waiting? Relentless Liverpool thump West Ham to send out title message
7
Why did Adams miss Bournemouth's draw with Fulham?
8
Sunday's Championship predictions including Derby County vs. Leeds United
9
Sunday's Primeira Liga predictions including Sporting Lisbon vs. Benfica
10
Saka, Sterling return dates: Arsenal injury list for Brentford battle
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/england/preview/preview-england-vs-brazil-prediction-team-news-lineups_539444.html 
 ----- 
