SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
Cape Verde Beats Mauritania 1-0, Seals Ticket to AFCON Quarter Final

Cape Verde will now face the winner of the Senegal-Cote d’Ivoire fixture in the AFCON quarter-final.

Jihane RahhouJan. 29, 2024 7:04 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Cape Verde's match with Mauritania

Rabat - Cape Verde officially qualified for the quarter-final of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) after beating Mauritania 1-0 in a thrilling encounter on Monday. 

The match was marked by a lack of clear-cut goal-scoring opportunities before it was suddenly transformed by Mendes’ clinical finish in the 88th minute. The precision of the shot to the middle left the Mauritanian goalkeeper with little chance to make a save.

While the score remained level for most of the game, Cape Verde maintained a decided advantage, hoarding nearly 70% of possession.

Cape Verde came close to breaking the tie on several occasions during the match. In the 70th minute, they capitalized on a corner kick that the Mauritanian defense failed to clear. 

The 60th minute equally saw Anne’s shot veering off to one side of the goal, prompting a response from Mauritania. However, both teams struggled to convert opportunities into goals.

Mauritania's most dangerous moment occurred in the 57th minute, with a free-kick sailing wide near the goal. Despite the proximity, the shot lacked the precision to pose a real threat to Cape Verde's goalkeeper.

 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
Algeria President Calls Detained Author Boualem Sansal ‘Imposter’ In Controversial Remarks

Palestinians In Gaza Are Dying Of Extreme Cold, Death Toll Reached 7

Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist In Egypt’s Red Sea

Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360455/cape-verde-beats-mauritania-1-0-seals-ticket-to-afcon-quarter-final 
 ----- 
