Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
SPORTS
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Late penalty earns Cape Verde a place in the quarter-finals

The Blue Sharks advance to a quarter-final on Saturday in Yamoussoukro, against either Morocco or South Africa.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on January 30, 2024, at 12:42 am (Paris), updated on January 30, 2024, at 7:03 am 

2 min read

Cape Verde's players carry Cape Verde's head coach Pedro Leitao Brito (UP) as they celebrate after the victory at the end of the Africa Cup of Nations 2024 round of 16 football match against Mauritania at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan on January 29, 2024. ISSOUF SANOGO / AFP

Cape Verde won an Africa Cup of Nations knockout tie for the first time in their history on Monday, January 29, as a late Ryan Mendes penalty gave them a 1-0 victory over Mauritania in the last 16.

The match at the Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium in Abidjan was drifting towards extra time when Cape Verde won a spot-kick and captain Mendes converted with just two minutes of the 90 remaining to break Mauritania's resistance. The Blue Sharks then held on through 10 added minutes to advance to a quarter-final on Saturday in Yamoussoukro, against either Morocco or South Africa, who meet in the last 16 on Tuesday.

The tiny Atlantic Ocean island nation had got out of their group in two of their three previous appearances at the AFCON, but had never before won a knockout tie.

"We are proud of everything we have done up to now. We always tried to win the game and we thoroughly deserved the victory," said Cape Verde coach Pedro 'Bubista' Brito, who believes his side can go further still in the tournament. "We have our objective, which from day one has been to get to the semi-finals. We are one step away from that now and we are going to keep going, while obviously staying humble and respecting our opponents, but we believe. That is our focus and we are going to try and get there."

Read more 
Subscribers only
 AFCON 2024: Pitch dominated by players with two or even three nationalities
Cape Verde's Ryan Mendes runs with the ball during the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2024 round of 16 football match between Cape Verde and Mauritania at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan on January 29, 2024. ISSOUF SANOGO / AFP
Looking back with regret

Mauritania had been hoping to extend their fine run in Côte d'Ivoire, after they won an AFCON match for the first time in nine attempts in their last group game, beating Algeria to eliminate one of the continent's powerhouses. But a side coached by Amir Abdou, who took tiny Comoros to the last 16 in Cameroon two years ago, will go no further after failing to find a way past Cape Verde goalkeeper Vozinha.

"Unfortunately we have lost to a ridiculous goal, which showed our naivety," said Abdou. "But we will nevertheless take positives from this, from our run, and we will be back in a year's time."

The Chinguetti Lions will look back with regret at one fine chance just before the hour mark, when Souleymane Anne was played into a great position inside the box only to put his shot over.

Cape Verde looked the more likely team as the minutes ticked down, and Mendes came very close to scoring with a header from a corner that was well saved by Mauritania goalkeeper Babacar Niasse.

New
Le Monde’s app
Get the most out of your experience: download the app to enjoy Le Monde in English anywhere, anytime
Download

They were then awarded a penalty when substitute Gilson Tavares Benchimol was brought down in the box by Niasse after intercepting a poor header back from Mauritania defender Yassin El Welly.

The Egyptian referee pointed to the spot, and Mendes, of Turkish side Fatih Karagumruk, smashed home the penalty, his second goal of the tournament making history for his country.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/01/30/afcon-late-penalty-takes-cape-verde-into-cup-of-nations-quarter-finals_6476704_9.html 
 ----- 
