Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
The road ahead for the Chicago White Sox, who remain on track for the most losses in modern major-league history
A White Sox fan holds a sign in the fifth inning of a game against the Rangers on Aug. 29, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (Quinn Harris/Getty)
By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
PUBLISHED: September 7, 2024 at 7:25 PM CDT

BOSTON — Martin Maldonado had been hitless in his previous 28 at-bats when he came to the plate for the Chicago White Sox with two on and one out in the sixth inning on April 26 against the Tampa Bay Rays.

Zach Eflin’s 0-1 sinker stayed in the middle of the plate, and Maldonado launched it well beyond the left-field wall for his first home run of the season.

Eloy Jiménez hit a two-run home run the next inning as the Sox beat the Rays 9-4 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

“It’s always good when you can help the team,” Maldonado said after the game. “The way we’ve been swinging the bat, coming through like that felt good.”

The victory snapped a seven-game losing streak. It also began a run of 11 wins in 19 games, perhaps the best stretch of the season.

The Sox will need to do something similar if they are going to avoid tying or surpassing the 1962 expansion New York Mets for the most losses in modern-day Major League Baseball history.

The Mets went 40-120 in their inaugural season.

The Sox were 32-110 with 20 games remaining entering Saturday’s matchup against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, on pace for 125 losses.

Coming into Saturday, the White Sox needed to go 11-9 to avoid tying the ‘62 Mets.

“You’ve got to just take it day by day and every single game is a new game,” starter Jonathan Cannon said, “no matter what the record says up on the scoreboard, we’re just trying to win tonight.”

Those wins have been very tough to come by. The Sox had lost 13 of 14, 17 of 19 and 43 of 48 coming into Saturday and were 5-39 since the All-Star break.

The series against the Red Sox wraps up Sunday. Here’s a look at what remains as the White Sox attempt to steer clear of turning a historically bad season into the all-time worst in terms of losses.

Sept. 9-11: vs. Cleveland Guardians
White Sox starter Garrett Crochet (45) is congratulated by teammates in the dugout after shutting down the Guardians in the sixth inning on May 10, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Season series: Tied 5-5.

Garrett Crochet’s May 10 outing began by striking out Brayan Rocchio. It wrapped up after he struck out Ramón Laureano with two on and two outs in the sixth.

Crochet struck out 11 in a 6-3 win at Guaranteed Rate Field. The Sox took three of four in the series, winning the first three games. That was part of a four-game winning streak — which began May 8 against the Rays — the longest of the season.

The teams last played July 2-4 at Progressive Field, when the Sox lost two of three.

It’s an important series for the Guardians, who lead the American League Central by 4½ games over the Kansas City Royals.

Sept. 13-15: vs. Oakland Athletics
White Sox manager Pedro Grifol reacts during the ninth inning against the Athletics on Aug. 5, 2024, in Oakland, Calif. (Jeff Chiu/AP)

Season series: A’s lead 2-1.

The lone win for the Sox in likely their final series ever at the Oakland Coliseum was a historic one. They snapped the AL record-tying 21-game losing streak with a 5-1 victory on Aug. 6.

Cannon allowed one run and struck out five in six innings. Andrew Benintendi led the way offensively with a home run, two RBIs and two runs.

The Sox dropped the series finale 3-2 the next day in what turned out to be Pedro Grifol’s final game as manager. The Sox made a change the next day with Grady Sizemore taking over on an interim basis.

The A’s are in fourth place in the AL West but are 25-19 since the All-Star break.

Sept. 16-26: at/vs. Los Angeles Angels, at San Diego Padres

Season series: First meetings with both teams.

While the Angels are in last place in the AL West, the Padres are a factor in the National League West race as well as the NL wild-card. They are second in the division, trailing the Los Angeles Dodgers by four games. And they hold the top NL wild-card slot.

The Sox have two three-game series against the Angels — Sept. 16-18 in Anaheim, Calif., and Sept. 24-26 at Guaranteed Rate Field, the final home games of the season. They’ll play the Padres in between, Sept. 20-22 in San Diego.

Sept. 27-29: at Detroit Tigers
Tigers left fielder Riley Greene beats the tag from White Sox catcher Korey Lee to score on a single from second baseman Colt Keith in the seventh inning on Aug. 23, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

Season series: Tigers lead 9-1.

Drew Thorpe was one of the key players acquired in the March trade that sent Dylan Cease to the San Diego Padres. The Sox promoted the right-hander from Double-A Birmingham on June 11, and he made his debut that evening in Seattle.

Thorpe earned his first big-league victory on June 22, allowing two hits in six scoreless innings during a 5-1 win against the Tigers at Comerica Park. It’s the only time the Sox have defeated the Tigers in 2024.

The season began with a 1-0 loss to the Tigers at Guaranteed Rate Field. It will conclude with three games in Detroit.

Sizemore wants the team to not worry about “anything but playing good” during this final stretch.

“If we’re sitting here harping on it all the time and focusing on the record and wins it can be draining,” Sizemore said Saturday. “That’s why I tried to stay away from that message. We’re not in the playoffs, so regardless of the record, who cares, let’s try to compete and win series and win as many games as we can, try to get better and have fun while we’re doing it.

“But also play the game the right way. Play hard, play clean, try to be aggressive, put the pressure on the other team and be competitive.”

Around the Web
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
31 Photos That Show The Wrong Side of Cruise Ships
YourBump
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You! (Take a Peek!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Your New Favorite Pair of Jeans | Limited Time Only Shop 30% Off Sale Items
Lucky Brand
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone With Nerve Pain (Neuropathy) Should Start Doing This Immediately
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive | Search Ads
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Surgeon: Do This & Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before
WG Hair Restore
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
North Charleston: Discover Stunning Container Homes at Amazing Prices - Take a Look!
Shipping Container Homes
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
Debate over the future of CTA, Metra, Pace, RTA to heat up in Springfield this year
USW President McCall releases statement after U.S. Steel lawsuit
‘Den of Thieves 2’ opens at No. 1 as ‘Better Man’ flops
Hebron getting grocery store after seven years without one: ‘We don’t want to be a food desert anymore’
Canada’s former leader Jean Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump: ‘Give your head a shake!’
JD Vance says Jan. 6 participants who committed violence ‘obviously’ shouldn’t be pardoned
Joe Biden honors Pope Francis with the Presidential Medal of Freedom
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
7
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/07/chicago-white-sox-road-to-120-losses/ 
 ----- 
