Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
BREAKING NEWS
FBI Director Wray explains why he’s resigning, defends feds’ raid of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago
MLB
Yankees fall out of first as Clay Holmes blows another save in crushing loss to Rangers
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 3, 2024, 11:40 p.m. ET
611

ARLINGTON, Texas — Clay Holmes lost his delivery, lost his command and then lost the game.

By the end of the night, the Yankees had lost their grip on first place in the AL East, too.

After a DJ LeMahieu fielding error opened the door for a two-run rally in the bottom of the eighth that trimmed the Yankees lead to one run, Holmes blew it in the bottom of the ninth as the Rangers walked off with a 7-4 win on Tuesday night at Globe Life Field.

6
Rangers teammates get ready to mob Wyatt Langford as he is about to touch home plate after belting the game-winning, walk-off grand slam in the ninth inning of the Yankees’ 7-4 loss to the Rangers’ on Sept. 3, 2024.
AP

Wyatt Langford delivered the final blow, crushing a grand slam to left field on a full count with one out.

Holmes, who had walked back-to-back batters to load the bases, hung a slider over the heart of the plate and Langford clobbered it to seal a brutal finish for the Yankees.

With the crushing loss — their fifth in the last seven games — the Yankees (80-59) dropped into second place in the AL East for the first time since Aug. 20, with the Orioles moving into first by a half-game.

“There’s been times I’ve thrown well and gotten beat,” Holmes said. “Obviously tonight was one of those where I didn’t throw very well. Wasn’t very good at all and definitely didn’t deserve to come out on top the way I was throwing.”

The blown save was Holmes’ league-leading 11th of the season, and while this one was different than most of the rest, it only turned the spotlight brighter on his struggles and the issues facing the back end of the Yankees bullpen.

6
Clay Holmes blew his 11th save of the season in the Yankees’ loss on Sept. 3, 2024.
AP

Asked if the Yankees needed to go in another direction at closer, manager Aaron Boone deflected.

“I’m not going to answer that right now when we’re raw and emotional,” Boone said. “We’ll talk through it and do what we think is the best thing.”

Boone had left the door open for a change after Holmes’ last blown save on Aug. 18 in the Little League Classic, but he converted all three of his save opportunities since then leading into Tuesday.

6
Wyatt Langford celebrates after belting the game-winning, walk-off grand slam off Clay Holmes in the ninth inning of the Yankees’ 7-4 loss to the Rangers on Sept. 3, 2024.
Getty Images

At times a victim this season of soft contact as a ground ball pitcher, Holmes hurt himself in this one.

He consistently spiked sinkers and sliders in the dirt, leading to walks of Josh Smith (on a 3-2 count) and Marcus Semien (on a 3-1 count) to load the bases with one out before Langford’s homer.

“Just lost the delivery there,” Holmes said. “Lost the feel for the sinker. [Slider], was just leaving it up. Think I was just getting a little too quick. The command went with that. Obviously that one hurt. That was a tough one. Have to bounce back and show what we’re made of [Wednesday].”

On a night when Carlos Rodon struck out a season-high 11 across six strong innings, the Yankees took a 4-1 lead into the bottom of the eighth.

6
Anthony Volpe hits a two-run single in the eighth inning of the Yankees’ loss on Sept. 3, 2024.
AP

Smith led off with a high chopper to first base that Boone said LeMahieu lost in the lights as it hit off his glove for the error.

One out after Semien’s broken-bat infield single off Jake Cousins, Josh Jung roped a line drive to second base that Gleyber Torres could not knock down with a backhanded attempt on an in-between hop, going for an RBI single that made it 4-2.

“It was a tough play, on this track that’s obviously fast,” Boone said. “If he stabs it, we probably get a double play there, but it’s a tough one.”

6
Carlos Rodon allowed just one run over six innings, but had to settle for a no-decision in the Yankees’ loss on Sept. 3, 2024.
AP

After Cousins walked the bases loaded, Tim Hill entered and allowed Nathaniel Lowe’s sacrifice fly to make it 4-3 before striking out Jonah Heim to end the threat.

But that only delayed the devastation.

“It’s tough,” Rodon said. “Baseball can be very cruel. It’s a cruel game. But I have a lot of faith in Clay Holmes. He’s a good teammate, so he’s got all my support. I’m looking forward to seeing him out there again.”

6
Aaron Judge rounds third base and scores on Anthony Volpe’s two-run single in the eighth inning of the Yankees’ loss on Sept. 3, 2024.
AP

Given that Holmes was pitching for a second straight night on Tuesday, he likely won’t have a chance to redeem himself in Wednesday’s series finale — the 10th straight rubber game the Yankees have played in.

When he gets his next save opportunity after that, though, remains to be seen.

611

What do you think? Post a comment.

“Tonight was a struggle, obviously,” Boone said. “He’s really important to us down there and we need his excellence to be part of the group down there.”

FILED UNDER AARON BOONE  AARON JUDGE  ALEX VERDUGO  ANTHONY VOLPE  CARLOS RODON  CLAY HOLMES  NEW YORK YANKEES  9/3/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/03/sports/yankees-fall-out-of-first-in-crushing-loss-to-rangers/ 
 ----- 
