skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketAustralia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: AUS beat ENG by 36 runs in Barbados
Australia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: AUS beat ENG by 36 runs in Barbados
Australia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier Blistering opening start from Travis Head and David Warner followed by solid middle order batting from Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Marsh has taken Australia to 201/7 after England skipper Jos Buttler won the toss and opted to bowl first.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 9, 2024 02:20 IST
Follow Us
Cricket - ICC T20 World Cup 2024 - Group B - Australia v England - Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados - June 8, 2024 Australia's Pat Cummins and Mitchell Marsh celebrate after taking the wicket of England's Moeen Ali REUTERS/Ash Allen

Australia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Adam Zampa’s brilliant middle-over spell restricted England to 165/6 in 20 overs helping Australia win by 36 runs in the T20 World Cup 2024 at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados.

Earlier Blistering opening start from Travis Head and David Warner followed by solid middle order batting from Glenn Maxwell and Mitchell Marsh has taken Australia to 201/7 after England skipper Jos Buttler won the toss and opted to bowl first.

With the win Australia have got on top of Group B with four points winning both of their games meanwhile England are at fourth with one point which they got after a wash out against Scotland earlier in the tournament.

Follow AUS vs ENG highlights below

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 17
Australia
201/7 (20.0)
vs
England
165/6 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 17 )
Australia beat England by 36 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Australia vs England highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch all the action from the AUS vs ENG match at the Kensington Oval Stadium in Barbados.
02:12 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: AUS beat ENG by 36 runs in Barbados

That's the game folks it is Australia who has emerged victorious quite comfortably in this marquee rivalry. England have got it wrong tactically in the first innings in Australia's batting Powerplay. They have fallen behind the game there and could not recover from that point. With their batting, there is not much to be critical of because of the nature of the surface and experience of Australian bowlers. Mitchell Marsh's side has come thoroughly prepared for the game both with the bat and ball and that showed on the field today. All in all great game of cricket that is it from us.

02:03 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs ENG 152/6

Liam Livingstone has departed that must be it for England. Australia has almost won their second game in the tournament and have one leg for the super eight round. As per England they need now wait for other results to go their way and win remaining of their games.

01:58 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs ENG 149/5

The chase eventually is fizzling out for England. They looked in it till the 12th over but now with the way the pitch is playing and how perfectly Australia are delivering their slower ones to the fields set. England has not done much wrong with the bat but it is the bowling,, especially the first six overs where they for a brief spell kept bowling quick which came on nicely onto the bat and Australian openers made most of it. In the chase, if one has to be critical, they lacked another left-hander other than Moeen Ali who could make the Aussies think differently. 

01:48 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 15.4 overs ENG 128/5

The Australians are bowling cutters and killing the game with each delivery. It will be interesting to see what England comes up with. Trying to muscle the ball every delivery is not working on this surface. This is where Australians were clever when they approached their batting innings. As we update Moeen Ali has departed. The batter tried to clear the longer off-side boundary against Pat Cummins however, Warner running from mid-wicket took an excellent catch at the cow corner. It is now starting to look a step too far for England.

01:40 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14.2 overs ENG 125/4

20 runs have come off Glenn Maxwell's over. Moeen Ali got the measure of the bowler and whacked from three sixes. It is still Australia's game but England have now got momentum in their side. As we update Jonny Bairstow departs. The right-hander shuffled to off-side to make use of the smaller leg-side boundary however, gets caught at mid-wicket by Glenn Maxwell. Once again just England looked like they were coming back into the game they lost a wicket. Harry Brook comes into the middle and the pressure is on the youngster.

01:29 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.4 overs ENG 101/3

England lost another one. It is Will Jacks this time who charged down the track and hit the ball in the air. However, the timing wasn't right, and was holed out at long-off. England has sent in Moeen Ali which is a tactical move to counter the dimensions. However, the situation right now from England demands they need to take the game deep rather than going hell for leather at this stage of the innings. While Australia is ahead at this point in this game it feels like there is one more punch left in England before we have our final result. 

01:18 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs ENG 93/2

It is hard to pick a favourite at the moment as despite the pitch getting slower England has a set batter in Jos Buttler at the crease. As we update Buttler departs. The England skipper tried to reverse sweep Adam Zampa ended up giving a simple catch to Pat Cummins at point. Now England have two new batters at the crease with almost 11 runs required per over which will be a challenge. Both Jacks and Bairstow need to take this game rather than try and keep continuing to attack. Also, England might consider sending in Moeen Ali to bring in that left-hander option next. 

01:09 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs ENG 76/1

Adam Zampa gets the wicket. It was Phil Salt the first scalp for Australia. Once again the age-old trick from Zampa bowling the ball in a good length area and the ball tends to skid on quickly and that is what happened and Salt was bowled trying to cut it. This is where Buttler needs to the onus of this chase rebuild another partnership with Will Jacks and take this game as deep as possible. Also, Mitchell Starc was brought back into bowl another seventh over which was an interesting tactic from Skipper Marsh however, it backfired as Buttler took him for the cleaners.

00:58 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.5 overs ENG 54/0

Still no wickets for Australia. Marsh has turned to Pat Cummins who bowled an excellent over. Cummins seems to be on a different level with his T20 bowling since the IPL. He has been executing his slower ones well and hitting his yorker brilliantly. England needs to be aware of that and make a plan on how they want to deal with Cummins' slower bumpers which he will use between 11-15 over mark. Also Stoinis have come into bowl the final over of the Powerplay and he is another bowler who will dig the ball into the surface which will create troubles for England batters. 

00:47 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.4 overs ENG 35/0

It was an expensive over from Starc. He tried to bowl away from the batter to protect the smaller leg-side however, the moment he came in anywhere near the arch of the batter he got pummeled. Much needed big over for England. Now they need to capitalize on this and keep going in the Powerplay. It will be also interesting to see how Marsh will use his bowling options here. Especially the end Adam Zampa takes with England having only one left-hander in the entire batting order. 

00:37 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.5 overs ENG 17/0

Jos Buttler and Phil Salt have started for England. Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazelwood have taken the new ball for Australia as expected. There is no swing on offer but one of Hazelwood's delivery has kept low which is not a good sign for England. Both the England openers would be very much aware that they need to go after this new ball in the Powerplay as once ball gets older the ball tends to grip which will make it harder to score. Remember it is a very very important game for England.

00:30 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: David Warner during innings break

I think it’s a very competitive total, we took it on in the first six overs and put pressure on them. We knew it was going to be spin in the first six, for us it was about to get as much as we can in the first six. We know at the other end it was going to get challenging, but look they got two out and out quicks, excellent skills, so had to put them under pressure. When Jofra bowled an off-cutter it jumped but it was when the ball was new, later on a few kept low, we have got a good total.

00:21 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: AUS 201/7 in 20 overs vs ENG in Barbados

That's 20 overs done and dusted. It was a decent over from Chris Jordan in the final one however, Australia seems to have scored 20 runs more than they should. It will require a humongous effort from England to chase these down. They will need one of the top three to make a big score. Yes, Australia did it with cameos but everyone that came in took their time for a few deliveries before launching England won't have that luxury because of the slowing surface and constantly rising run rate. We will be back shortly with Chase.

00:08 (IST)
09 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs AUS 193/5

Australia will be looking to get around the 210 mark. It has been a fabulous batting performance from them. They have batted pretty cleverly in this inning. They have adapted to the conditions nicely. It will be interesting to see how England go about their chase.

23:58 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 17 overs AUS 173/5

Tim David carved straight to the third man who was standing a bit squarer almost in the point region just to take a catch of that shot. Timely wicket that wicket for England at this stage of the game. They are chipping with this older ball and they will keep this in mind while they are batting. Also,, Australian bowlers have a headstart because they exactly know what needs to be bowled on this surface. Mathew Wade has walked in for Australia with a right and left-hander at the crease Australia can access two sides of the ground. 

23:48 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 15 overs AUS 150/4

What a passage of play for England this has been. Once again they have picked up wickets in quick succession. First, it was Mitchell Marsh who got beaten in the flight of Liam Livingstone's delivery and got stumped by Buttler, and then it was Glenn Maxwell who tried to hit Adil Rasid through mid-wicket and ended up giving a simple catch to the fielder there. It is not a surface where batters come in and can go after the bowling right away. They need some time to get adjusted to the pace of the surface. Also England need to be wary of over rate which they are falling behind.

23:38 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.2 overs AUS 137/2

Buttler has now used three overs of seam in a row. Understandably, he was looking to get a breakthrough but it did not happen. Now he has to go back to his spinners with two set batters in. It was the first six overs where England missed the trick and ever since that, it has been a catch-up. Since it is not a day-night game there is no question of dew or lights coming which means the surface will continue to get slower and England needs to target the new ball and maximise the Powerplay in their chase. 

23:28 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12 overs AUS 118/2

The partnership is growing for Australia. It has not come at a quick pace as it has done for the first wicket but both Marsh and Maxwell have played it cleverly. Despite both of them being right-handers they targetted the smaller boundaries brilliantly. They picked the lengths to target and executed them perfectly. It is already looking like England is going to chase an above-par total in this chase. They need to pick a wicket here and break the partnership. As long these two bat it doesn't matter the dimensions of the boundary or pace of deliveries they will whack into the stands. 

23:18 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs AUS 102/2

Chris Jordan has come into attack and the two are bowling slower ones. It is good that England have read the surface and are doing what needs to be done. However, they mustn't get too predictable and just keep bowling slower ones. They also might consider bowling a quicker one from time to time to surprise the batters. Adil Rashid on the other hand who is operating from the other has bowled a mixed-spell. There are odd balls which he is beating the batters but in midst he is also bowling a poor one which is being delivered into the stands. 

23:08 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs AUS 85/2

This is good from England after a couple of wickets they have pulled back things nicely. They are bowling slower through the air and are getting rewards. Mitchell Marsh and Glenn Maxwell are dangerous players but both have not been in the greatest of forms in recent times. And they both like the ball coming onto the bat,unlike this wicket. It is important that they assess what a good total on this surface is and try and get there instead of being over-ambitious with the blistering start they got first up.

22:59 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6 overs AUS 74/2

Relief for England as Moeen Ali picked David Warner. The ball was kept a tad bit low while Warner tried to cut the ball and got himself bowled. First signs the surface is a touch slower. As we update Jofra Archer picks dangerous Travis Head. The batter charged down and tried to drive the ball off-side and missed it completely as his middle stump was dislaunched. The wicket once again is an indication that if bowlers are bowling cutters the surface is gripping a bit. Now that England has unlocked the trick it will be interesting how Australian batters will counter it. 

22:48 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.5 overs AUS 55/0

David Warner is climbing onto bowlers here. Jofra Archer did bowl a decent one with his pace he cramped Warner for room who has had the bulk of the strike in the last passage of play. However, Mark Wood instead of cramping Warner for room pitched him a short and Warner just gave direction to the extreme pace of Wood over fine leg. This is an excellent start for Australia. This looks like a belter of the pitch the bounce seems to be true a bit Wankhede-like and since it is an afternoon game there is no moisture either to get that seam moment early on.

22:38 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 2 overs AUS 25/0

As expected with two left-handers in Moeen Ali has taken the new ball and bowled a good over just giving away three runs. Jos Buttler decided he would try another over of off-spin with Will Jacks which backfired as Travis Head of the very first ball slog-swept for a six and followed up with another one putting the pressure right back on the bowler. The surface is not slow at the moment but there seems to be more bounce than what we have seen in the Carrebian leg of the World Cup.

22:28 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

The conditions look perfect for playing cricket. Both national anthems are done. Warner and Head will be walking into the middle in minutes. We might see an off-spinner come into attack first up from England as there are two left-handers. All in all, it is going to be a cracking game of cricket. 

22:19 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch report

It's hot, but there's a nice breeze blowing across the ground, at a speed of 25 kmph. 58m and 67m square boundaries, the straight hit is at 72m. A fresh pitch today, but t's very similar to the other pitches, there are cracks at both ends. The average score in the 1st innings is 143, you can add another 10-15 runs considering the teams featuring today, but this ain't a 180-190 run wicket, reckon Matthew Hayden and Nasser Hussain, in their pitch report

22:10 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: AUS XI

David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh(c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade(w), Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

22:09 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG XI

Jos Buttler(w/c), Philip Salt, Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood

22:07 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Mitchell Marsh at toss

We would have bowled first as well, it's dictated by the conditions and the weather. We have come here to win the tournament and today is a big match. Great feeling (on captiancy), I have a lot of experienced players around who are big match winners. It's going to be a good challenge and we're confident going into the game. One change, Pat Cummins replaces Nathan Ellis

22:06 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jos Buttler at toss

We are going to bowl first. Little bit unsure about the weather. Always a pleasure to play a WC game against Australia in Barbados. Couple of areas where we can work on, we have trained and prepared well, excited for the game. We've done well against them in recent games, but past form doesn't matter. We're unchanged, lots of options in the squad.

21:54 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: England vs Scotland as it happened

England and Scotland shared a point each as excessive rain in Bridgetown, Barbados led to their Group B T20 World Cup game being called off.

After rain cut down the T20 World Cup contest to 10 overs per side, Scotland posted 90/0 courtesy of openers George Munsey (41*) and Michael Jones (45*) going unbeaten.

21:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Australia vs Oman as it happened

The run-chase never really got going for Oman as a collective bowling effort, led by a 3-wicket-haul by Stoinis, was enough for Mitchell Marsh’s men on the night.

Australia will be aiming for a third major trophy in one year and become the first team to hold the World Test Championships, the 50-over World Cup and the T20 World Cup simultaneously.

21:34 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Australia vs Oman as it happened

Marcus Stoinis produced a fine all-round show as Australia got off to a winning start by 39 runs defeating Oman on Thursday in Barbados in a Group B clash.

Asked to bat first, Australia were in a spot of bother at 50/3. Stoinis rescued Australia by smashing a superb 36-ball 67 to power them to 164/5 in their 20 overs. Stoinis and David Warner then stitched together a century stand with both of them crossing half centuries.

21:24 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: West Indies CEO Johnny Grave on Australia, England and India hosting most ICC events part 2

The other important factor in hosting benefits is the capital investment that our governments have put into the national stadiums. It shows the importance of hosting World Cups in improving facilities. Barbados alone has spent 50 Million Barbados dollars which is 25 Million US Dollars. That kind of economic impact or injection of capital into our facilities is huge and simply would not happen without a World Cup. If you were to benchmark our cricket system on a global basis, then the West Indies cricket system’s facilities would be the one key area where we fall short of the highest global standards. The fact that we’ve had six of our national stadiums and some other grounds in those six host countries undergo serious investment and renovation, probably for the first time since 2007.

21:15 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: West Indies CEO Johnny Grave on Australia, England and India hosting most ICC events

I think that’s one of the most important parts of the overall global picture. The last eight years has seen all the big men’s events be hosted by just the three top nations. This current cycle sees ICC men’s events go to most of the top cricketing nations in the world; West Indies are hosting now with the USA co-hosting, Pakistan then have the Champions Trophy, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be co-hosting with India, New Zealand with Australia, South Africa with Zimbabwe and Namibia and then also Ireland and Scotland with England as well. What that means is that the money generated by host boards is going to be shared by far more members than in the previous eight-year cycle. The money used to be retained by the biggest three who already have a huge economic advantage from their domestic markets with the money they receive from their host broadcasters.

21:04 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: West Indies CEO Johnny Grave on different timezones for different games

I think everyone accepts that the vast majority of revenues for all ICC events comes from one market. Therefore it is really important that we find a balance between starting matches at prime time in India and for home fans. We have half the matches early for Star Sports and then we have gone as late as possible so they will start early in the morning in India, so they should still get a decent viewership.

We as hosts can focus on the local fans attending the evening games and the 10:30 morning games will allow us to get school kids to watch some World Cup cricket for free.

20:54 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG predicted XI

Jos Buttler (c & wk), Philip Salt, Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood

20:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: AUS predicted XI

David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh (c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade (wk), Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

20:36 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kohli similar to bollywood star

Former Pakistan captain Rashid Latif compares Virat’s fandom to Bollywood stars Dilip Kumar, Amitabh Bachchan and Shahrukh Khan.

“It’s not like that Virat is the first one with such a big fan base in Pakistan,” says Latif. “If you go back, Dilip Kumar had a massive fan following in Pakistan. Sunil Gavaskar became a cult in Pakistan. Young batsmen were told to copy Gavaskarsaab’s technique. Then Amitabh Bachchan’s ‘angry young man’ movies used to get sold out. Then came Kapil Dev, Sachin Tendulkar, Shah Rukh Khan, MS Dhoni. When Dhoni came here his long locks became a trend.

“But Virat’s popularity in Pakistan is on par with Dilipsaab, Mr Bachhan and Shah Rukh. Like in India, you guys loved our bowlers – Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and Shoaib Akhtar became household names. Here in Pakistan, we adored Gavaskarsaab, Tendulkar, then Dhoni and now Kohli – they are all icons. Yuvraj Singh and Virender Sehwag too have a good fan following in Pakistan.

20:25 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Netravalkar a house hold name

Their sweat and dreams were rewarded on a sparkling afternoon in Dallas, and past midnight in India. But the Netravalkar household in Malad was wide awake. Saurabh’s father Naresh was all nervous before and during the game. More so, as his wife had flown to the US. “I was in full tension, it was the day when he was about to become hero or zero. I was confident but Pakistan is a good side,” he told The Indian Express.

The left-arm seamer, though, seized the moment, producing a magnificent Super Over with the ease of coding a difficult programme in his Oracle office. Earlier, he had bowled magnificently, conceding 18 runs and nabbing two wickets.

20:14 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan thought it was playing USA, turned out to be Team India H-1B

THIS WASN’T Pakistan losing to India B, it was Pakistan losing to India H1-B. That was the popular take on Friday at Dallas where USA shocked one-time world champions Pakistan in a nail-biting Super Over finish in a group game of the World T20. With as many as six cricketers of Indian descent, most of them on temporary H1-B visas that allow companies to hire overseas employees, featuring in the historic win, the joke would be a hit in the immigrant community.

Almost everyone had a role in scripting a historic day for American cricket. The ripples of joy spilled as far as Delhi and Mumbai, Anand in Gujarat and Chikkamagaluru in Karnataka. Their stories are diverse.

The Super Over hero, Saurabh Netravalkar, had packed his bags from Mumbai to San Francisco for higher studies. Player of the Match and batting hero Monank Patel (50 off 38 balls) had left Anand in 2016 for New Jersey to start a restaurant after he realised his cricket career was going nowhere. Three-wicket hero Nosthush Kenjige, born in Alabama but raised in Nilgiris and Bengaluru, returned to the US to work as a biological technician. Milind Kumar, who took a blinding catch in the Super Over, had represented a clutch of domestic sides before quitting his job in ONGC and flying to Houston, where he had been playing league cricket. Nitish Kumar, whose last-ball four tied the game, was born in Ontario, Canada, but shifted to the US during a torrid phase during the pandemic. Left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh, whose action was likened to Bishan Singh Bedi, left India as a shattered man after setbacks and rejection, including an alleged match-fixing scandal although the board eventually cleared him. Jasdeep Singh spent most of his life shuttling between New Jersey and Chandigarh, before settling down in the US.

20:05 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kohli's placards during PSL

There have been several occasions during the Pakistan Super League or in Pakistan domestic games where the broadcast has shown fans holding placards with a message for Kohli. In 2019, a motorcyclist in the Pakistani city of Lahore was famously spotted wearing the Pakistan cricket team’s replica shirt for the Cricket World Cup with Kohli’s name on the back. In the same year when Kohli was going through his lean patch, a fan at a Pakistan-Australia cricket match in Karachi was seen holding a placard with a message: “Dear Virat! whether you score a century, or not you’ll always be my hero”

19:54 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kohli's deewanpan in Pakistan

The ‘deewanapan’ is perhaps best captured by Azhar Ali’s own reaction in the phase when Kohli was out of form. The former Pakistan captain says not a day went by then when he didn’t pray for Kohli’s return to form.

“When he was out of form, I prayed so many times for him. Allah isko aaj run banane do (Please god let him score). I have prayed for Kohli. I don’t know why but I did consistently for three years,” he laughs. “You will find people, who will criticise Virat’s batting but before criticising him at least try and understand what he has done for over 15 years. There was a dip but he bounced back. I have not seen anyone doing that,” says Azhar.

19:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Azhar Ali on Virat Kohli

Virat Kohli is yet to play a single game in Pakistan. The only time he played there was in 2006 with India’s U-19 side. India stopped its cricketing ties with Pakistan after the 2008 Mumbai attacks and Kohli has featured in just a handful of internationals against them — 16 ODIs and 10 T20Is. Despite that, Virat Kohli has a massive fan following in Pakistan.

“The day Virat plays in Lahore, Karachi, Rawalpindi or in Multan, only then you guys will understand his craze in Pakistan,” former Pakistan captain Azhar Ali tells The Indian Express.

“You won’t believe but the stadium will be filled with green jerseys, magar peeche naam Babar ya Shaheen ka nahi, Virat ka hoga aur No 18 ke saath (but the name on the backs won’t be Babar Azam or Shaheen Shah Afridi, it will Virat Kohli’s along with his jersey No 18),” laughs Ali.

19:35 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Bangladesh edge Sri Lanka by two wickets in Dallas thriller part 3

Though seamers Nuwan Thushara offered a late scare with two successive wickets in the 18th over, Sri Lanka were short of lead bowling resources at the death. In the end, veteran Mahmudullah shepherded a shaky lower-order to push Bangladesh over the line with an over to spare.

Sri Lanka have now lost two successive matches and find themselves at the bottom of the group. They will face Nepal next on Wednesday in Florida. Meanwhile, Bangladesh will face group toppers South Africa in New York on Monday.

19:24 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Bangladesh edge Sri Lanka by two wickets in Dallas thriller part 2

While Mustafizur induced a miscued slog from Nissanka (47), young leg-spinner Rishad Hossain spun a web around the middle-order with three wickets in his four-over spell. Consequently, Sri Lanka spiralled from 70 for two to finish sluggishly on 124.

Bangladesh’s reply did not get off on the right not either with openers Tanzid Hasan and Soumya Sarkar falling within the first two overs. Skipper Shanto failed to flicker either as he fell on seven off 13 deliveries. However, a third-wicket rearguard by Litton Das and Towhid Hridoy put Bangladesh back in the hunt. Hridoy’s charged counter laced with three consecutive sixes off Sri Lanka captain Wanindu Hasaranga eased out the chase.

19:14 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Bangladesh edge Sri Lanka by two wickets in Dallas thriller part 1

In another chapter of a storied rivalry, Bangladesh pipped Sri Lanka by two wickets in a nervy finish of their T20 World Cup Group D clash at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas on Saturday.

The win was Bangladesh’s first over Sri Lanka across three World Cup meetings, setting them off the blocks in a competitive group. Opting to bowl on a bouncy surface, Bangladesh captain Najmul Shanto was made to rue his decision at the start.

Sri Lanka opener Pathum Nissanka met the ball with precision even as the Bangladesh seamers fed on stump-to-stump lines on a firm pitch. While Taskin Ahmed and Mustafizur Rahman dismissed his top-order partners Kusal Mendis and Kamindu Mendis within the Powerplay, Nissanka sped off the blocks with seven fours and two sixes, largely covering the arc from long-on to deep mid-wicket. The islanders were building on quickly before Bangladesh pegged their arch-rivals back by a string of quick wickets.

19:04 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Afghanistan stun 2021 runners-up New Zealand by 84 runs part 3

New Zealand were bowled out for 75 with just two batters — Glen Phillips (18) and Matt Henry (12) managing double digits as they lasted just 15.2 overs.

“One of our best T20 performances from us, especially against a big team like New Zealand. The wicket wasn’t easy to score, Gurbaz and Ibrahim batted really well, it was a superb performance with the bat, ball and the field,” said Rashid Khan at the post-match presentation.

New Zealand, who looked rusty throughout the match have lot to ponder about.

“Congrats to Afghanistan, they simply outplayed us in all facets. To get to that total on that surface, they kept their wickets and made a good score. We’ll have to put this behind quickly and get back to our next challenge,” said Kane Williamson.

18:54 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Afghanistan stun 2021 runners-up New Zealand by 84 runs part 2

Gurbaz himself smashed five sixes and as many fours as he along with Ibrahim Zadran (41-ball 44; 2×6, 3×4) put on 103 for the first wicket in 14.3 overs. Azmatullah Omarzai played a scintillating cameo of 22 runs off 13 balls. For New Zealand, Trent Boult (2/22), Matt Henry (2/37) and Lockie Ferguson (1/28) shared the spoils. However, they could not finish well as Trent Boult (2/22) and Matt Henry (2/37) restricted them to 159 for six.

Chasing a tricky total, it was Fazalhaq Farooqi (4/17), fresh from his five-wicket haul against Uganda created mayhem with the new ball. Skipper Rashid Khan also picked four wickets and he was ably supported by Mohammad Nabi, who returned with the figure of 2 for 22 in his four overs quota.

18:44 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup: Afghanistan stun 2021 runners-up New Zealand by 84 runs part 1

Afghanistan stunned the 2021 runners-up New Zealand by 84 runs in a Group C clash of the T20 World Cup in Guyana on Saturday.

New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson won the toss and asked Afghanistan to bat.

Wicketkeeper-batter Rahmanullah Gurbaz, fresh from winning the IPL with Kolkata Knight Riders, gave Afghanistan a splendid star in a 56-ball 80. However, the Afghans were very cautious. At the halfway mark they had only managed 55 runs. In the next three overs Gurbaz and Zadran smashed five sixes to get going.

18:34 (IST)
08 JUN 2024
Australia vs England Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog for the marquee game between England and Australia. While the latter did not have a result in their previous encounter due to washing out the former thumped Oman. Irrespective of what has happened before the nature of rivalry is such that both teams want to go at it at full throttle. It is going to be a cracking contest stay with us for all the live updates through the evening.

West Indies cricket chief says T20 World Cup schedule has been made keeping India prime time in mind

As matches at the ongoing T20 World Cup — co-hosted by USA and West Indies — take place at different times of the day, the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) CEO Johnny Grave, in an interview with The Indian Express, admitted that given a ‘majority of the revenue from ICC event comes from one market’, the schedule has been made keeping the Indian time zone in mind.

He also spoke about the multifold benefits for West Indies, as well as associate nations, of hosting major ICC events and the guarantees given to Windies players that no international cricket will be played during their major franchise tournament commitments – the IPL and CPL. READ MORE

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 08-06-2024 at 18:30 IST
TAGS:
Aus Vs Eng
Australia Vs England
Cricket Live Score
Live Score
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Sukhu Relinquishes Power Subsidy, Urges Well-Off Consumers To Follow Suit
Baby John Box Office Collection Day 8: Varun Dhawan-Starrer Kicked Out Of Theatres, Loses 2500 Shows In A Week
Question Mark Over Rohit’s Place In Side: Gambhir Says Decision To Be Made ‘After A Look At Pitch’
Drug De-Addiction Centre In GMSH-16 To Reopen This Year
Pushpa 2 Worldwide Box Office Collection Day 28: Allu Arjun-Starrer Becomes The Second-Biggest Indian Grosser Of All Time, Beats Baahubali 2’S Rs 1788 Cr Record
Sugar Bowl CFP Quarterfinal Between Georgia And Notre Dame Postponed After Deadly Truck Attack
Union Min’s Statement A Jolt To Punjab Govt’s Efforts To Bring Farmers, Centre Talks On Table
AAP Bathinda Urban MLA Gill Slams Party Over Fielding Padamjit In Ward No. 48 Bypoll
Punjab Adds Desi Ghee Halwa In Midday Meal’s Wednesday Menu
Promise 2025: Hailing From Same Village, Young Neha Sangwan Stomps In Vinesh Phogat’s Footsteps
India Delays UPI Payments Market Share Cap In Relief For Walmart-Backed PhonePe, Google Pay
‘Hydration, Exercise, Fibre’: Experts Share Key Mantras To Maintain Gut Health This Winter
Welfare Politics With A Liberal Dose Of Hindutva: AAP Makes No Bones About Its Poll Narrative
10 Days After Dalit Girl Dies By Suicide In Bhiwani, College Transporter’s Son Arrested
Tillotama Shome On Her Style Mantra: ‘I Will Not Punish My Body And Squeeze Into Someone’s Idea Of Fashion’
The Third Edit: Gautam Gambhir And The Melbourne Meltdown
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/australia-vs-england-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-17-today-aus-vs-eng-latest-scorecard-updates-9379372/ 
 ----- 
