Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
6 months ago
SportCricket
England vs Australia LIVE: T20 World Cup result and reaction as Aussies win by 36 runs

England take on Australia in the T20 World Cup

Sonia Twigg
Saturday 08 June 2024 17:09 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Phil Salt is bowled by Adam Zampa (AP)
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

England take on Australia in their second match of the T20 World Cup after their opener against Scotland was washed out in Barbados.

The old rivalry between the two nations, which came to a head during the Ashes last summer, will be reignited when they face each other at the Kensington Oval.

England went into the tournament as the defending champions, but their first match was not one they or the tournament would have wanted. Just 10 overs were possible and everyone was left frustrated, including those in red who had two of their four warm up games on home soil washed out without a ball being bowled.

Australia’s preparations have been a bit smoother, they arrived in the Caribbean when England were still facing rain delays at home, but had to use some of their coaching staff to make up numbers in warm-up matches.

Follow all the live action from the T20 World Cup match in the blog below

RECOMMENDED
Jofra Archer felt he became a ‘burden’ to England during injury lay-off
Graeme Swann urges England to be ‘ultra aggressive’ against Australia
T20 World Cup pitch in New York ‘bordering on dangerous’
ENGLAND VS AUSTRALIA
Wicket! Warner out for 39! b Ali, Australia 70-1 (5)
Wicket! Head out for 34! b Archer, Australia 74-2 (6)
Wicket! Marsh out for 35! st Buttler b Livingstone - Australia 139-3
Wicket! Maxwell out for 28! ct Salt, b Rashid, Australia 141-4
Wicket! David out for 11! ct Livingstone b Jordan - Australia 168-5
Wicket! Stoinis out for 30! ct Brook b Jordan - Australia 200-6
Wicket! Cummins out for 0! run out Jordan - Australia 200-7
Australia set England 202 runs to win
Wicket! Salt out for 37! b Zampa - England 73-1
Wicket! Buttler out for 42! ct Cummins b Zampa - England 92-2
Wicket! Jacks out for 10! ct Starc b Stoinis - England 96-3
Wicket! Bairstow out for 7! ct Maxwell b Hazlewood - England 124-4
Wicket! Ali out for 25! ct Warner b Cummins - England 128-5
Wicket! Livingstone out for 15! ct Starc b Cummins - England 152-6
Australia beat England by 36 runs
6 months ago
England thrashed by Australia as T20 World Cup hopes falter

England’s World Cup woes followed them to Barbados as their T20 defence was left looking precarious after a heavy defeat at the hands of Australia.

Six months on from a dire performance in the 50-over competition in India and four days after an unconvincing bowling display in their washed out game against Scotland, Jos Buttler’s men were thrashed by 36 runs by their Ashes rivals.

An unchanged attack was sprayed around the Kensington Oval as Australia racked up their highest score of the tournament to date, reaching 201 for seven with 13 sixes and 14 fours.

England thrashed by Australia as T20 World Cup hopes falter

Jos Buttler’s men were beaten by 36 runs by their Ashes rivals

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 22:09
Promoted stories
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
Australia beat England by 36 runs

England captain Jos Buttler: “I thought they came out with a lot of intent and played really well and put us under a lot of pressure straight away. It was tough to drag it back from there. They bowled really well in that middle phase, took wickets at regular times and defended really well.

“There is always hindsight and a lot of decisions you can change or do earlier. There were a couple of soft balls where we could have saved boundaries.”

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:55
6 months ago
Australia beat England by 36 runs

England will want to address some of the key errors that crept into their performance. The decision to bowl Will Jacks second over with the batters hitting with the breeze to the very short boundary was potentially ill-judged, and Australia capitalised.

Whereas Australia stormed ahead in their batting powerplay, hitting six sixes and putting England under pressure, when it came to Jos Buttler and Phil Salt’s turn they never got going with the same threat.

The Australian bowlers did not leave them any openings and it was a dominant victory for Mitchell Marsh’s team.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:40
6 months ago
Australia beat England by 36 runs

Stoinis will bowl the last over of the match. The result is not in doubt, and England will be leaving with more questions than answers.

Brook does get a four, it’s a lovely shot, and he might just want to make the most of the time in the middle now, as it’s too little too late for England.

Brook edges the ball away for a boundary from the final ball of the match, and Australia win by 36 runs

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:38
6 months ago
Wicket! Livingstone out for 15! ct Starc b Cummins - England 152-6 (19)

The match is just heading towards it’s inevitable conclusion now, although England will want to keep the net run rate down as much as possible.

The batters just cannot get going, or get the pace-off deliveries away. Brook is getting frustrated.

Zampa almost took a stunning catch! It was a one-handed high jumping catch, and he spilled it just at the last minute.

But it doesn’t matter, Livingstone goes next ball, caught on the boundary rope.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:33
6 months ago
England 148-5 (18) Brook 8, Livingstone 13, Zampa 2-28 (4) - need 54 runs to win

Zampa is into his last over. Again Livingstone and Brook are just pushing the ball out to the fielders in the deep for singles.

After 21 deliveries without a boundary, Livingstone has smashed a big six, picked the googly and sent it high into the stands.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:28
6 months ago
England 136-5 (17) Brook 6, Livingstone 5, Hazlewood 1-28 (4) - need 66 runs to win

Another single for England and it’s not even close to what they need. At the end of the last over the required run rate was 18 an over.

The match is just meandering along now to what feels like a foregone conclusion. Brooks and Livingstone are just picking up singles from Hazlewood, just hitting to the field.

The last boundary feels like a very long time ago, the hosts aren’t bad, but the field placements are just perfect.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:24
6 months ago
England 130-5 (16) Brook 2, Livingstone 1, Cummins 1-19 (3) - need 72 more runs to win

Livingstone is the next batter in, the first ball is a wide, but he does pick up a single from the final ball of the over.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:19
6 months ago
Wicket! Ali out for 25! ct Warner b Cummins - England 128-5

Cummins is back on to bowl, can England make the most of the extra pace?

Ali has to take risks to beat the infield, and he’s not even rewarded with a boundary, it went to the fielder in the deep and he’ll just get a single.

Another slower ball punched through the gap just brings another single.

Ali has to take risks, he goes big but doesn’t get enough on it and it’s caught by Warner on the boundary.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:17
Promoted stories
Folks In The Dalles Are Ditching Knee-Pain Using This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
England 126-4 (15) Ali 24, Brook 1, Hazlewood 1-22 (3) - need 76 runs to win

Brook gets off the mark with a single first ball. Bairstow never really got going despite his explosive power, but he is a typical T20 opener rather than a number four.

Ali tries to create space, but Brook prods at the next one and doesn’t get anything on it.

Brook tries to carve out space for a paddle, and again misses it.

That could be the decisive over, just two runs and a wicket.

Sonia Twigg8 June 2024 21:13
Newer
1
 / 7
Older
More aboutEngland cricketAustralia CricketT20 World Cup
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LIFEMD|Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
BETTER HEALTH NEWS|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
The Hyundai Palisade SUV Costs Next To Nothing (Take...
Discover Deals & Savings On The Palisade SUV
VYAGER|Sponsored
The Turbine Snow Blower Is Taking Oregon By Storm
Are you tired of battling snow-covered cars every morning?
GRISHAY|Sponsored
Read More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
NEWS
Man and woman found dead at prop erty in seaside town
NEWS
Court convicts parents of boy who killed ten people in Europe school...
High blood sugar is not from sweets! Meet the number one enemy
SUGARSIX|Sponsored
The inconvenient truth about this year’s Booker Prize winner
Samantha Harvey’s ‘Orbital’ – about a single day in space – has scooped this year’s prize
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Genius Product Makes Waiting for Fish to Bite a Thing of the Past
Fishing has never been so easy!
TOP GADGET LIFE|Sponsored
Shop Now
New Small SUV For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FAVORITESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
NEWS
Honeymoon over? Trump is reporte dly ‘annoyed’ by best buddy Elon...
NEWS
Pupils may reveal memories you are reliving during sleep, scientists say
The All New Mind Blowing Honda CRV Is Finally Here (Take a Look)
CROSSOVERS | TOP SEARCHER NOW|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
A woman vanished 52 years ago. She’s been found alive thanks to a blurry photo
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/england-australia-t20-world-cup-stream-score-result-b2558713.html 
 ----- 
