English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024 Group B: Australia vs England MyTeam11 - Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

T20 World Cup 2024 Group B: Australia vs England MyTeam11 - Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
Australia are in second place in the Group B standings of the T20 World Cup 2024 behind Scotland.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 07 Jun 2024 06:38 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: June 8, 2024
Time : 10:30 PM IST
Venue : Kensington Oval, Bridgetown
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

In the Group B match of the T20 World Cup 2024, Australia will take on England at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown. During their tournament opener, Australia were far from clinical with their performance against Oman, but they managed to still secure a win with a big margin. Meanwhile, England weren’t quite at their best with the ball against Scotland, but the rains ensured that this match didn’t have any winners at the end of the day.

Weather Report




Pitch Report




Analysis

David Warner played a gritty innings against a very well-rounded Oman bowling attack, but it was the Marcus Stoinis' batting blitz, which propelled the Australians to a par score in their T20 World Cup 2024 opener. In the defence of the 164-run total, Mitchell Starc and Adam Zampa delivered decent spells, but it was again a Marcus Stoinis show, this time with a ball in hand, picking up three wickets to make sure that Oman didn’t get close to chasing down the runs.

Meanwhile, England bowlers didn’t do justice to their quality against the Scottish openers Michael Jones and George Munsey, conceding 90 runs in 10 overs without picking up a wicket. Although the English batters didn’t get the chance to get their chase underway due to rain playing spoilsport, many experts believed that they would have been in trouble while chasing down a high total on the day as per the DLS method.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

Australia: David Warner, Travis Head, Mitchell Marsh (c), Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade (wk), Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

England: Jos Buttler (c)/(wk), Phil Salt, Will Jacks, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Chris Jordan, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood

Fantasy Teams




Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Jos Buttler
Batters : David Warner, Travis Head, Phil Salt, Jonny Bairstow
All-Rounders : Mitchell Marsh, Marcus Stoinis, Moeen Ali
Bowlers : Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Jofra Archer, Mark Wood, Adil Rashid

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

02 January 2025

Australia announce playing XI for Sydney Test against India; Mitchell Marsh dropped

01 January 2025

Virat was getting frustrated with the lack of respect: Michael Clarke on Virat Kohli - Sam Konstas controversy

01 January 2025

Virat Kohli meets Sam Konstas’ brothers after fight with Australian player in fourth BGT Test

01 January 2025

Indian, Australian players meet PM Anthony Albanese ahead of 5th BGT Test
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-group-b-aus-vs-eng-dream11-fantasy-tips-australia-vs-england-fantasy-team-head-to-head-captain-probable-xi-and-more 
 ----- 
