Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
6 months ago
SportCricket
Netherlands vs South Africa LIVE: Cricket score and updates from 20/20 World Cup
Follow all the action from Nassau County International Cricket Stadium
Luke Baker
Friday 07 June 2024 10:30 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
A general view of a cricket ball (Getty Images)

Follow live coverage of Netherlands vs South Africa from the 20/20 World Cup today.

The ICC Test Championship sees nine teams compete across a two-year cycle of matches before a two-team final decides the winner. The inaugural competition was won by New Zealand after a thrilling victory over India in June 2021.

The 50-over World Cup is far older and has been competed for since back in 1975. Australia are the record winners having run out victorious on five occasions (1987, 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2015). England took the 2019 crown after a dramatic Ben Stokes-inspired super-over win over New Zealand at Lord's.

The shortest form of the game sees teams compete in Twenty20. The newest format has been an instant global hit with a number of hugely-lucrative competitions massively popular all over the world. Australia are reigning world champions having taken victory in the 2021 tournament.

Follow all the latest live coverage of today's match in the live blog below:

6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

18.5

SIX! Bas de Leede to David Miller. Length ball, outside off stump on the front foot Slog, well timed in the air under control over deep mid wicket for 6 runs.

8 June 2024 18:52
Promoted stories
Protect Your Brand: Corporate Identity Theft Prevention
THEFT PREVENTION | SEARCH ADS
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

18.4

FOUR! Bas de Leede to David Miller. Off cutter length ball, wide outside off stump on the front foot driving, well timed in the air under control past deep extra cover for 4 runs.

8 June 2024 18:51
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

18.3

Bas de Leede to David Miller. Off cutter short, outside off stump on the back foot Leave, Left for no runs, fielded by Edwards.

8 June 2024 18:51
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

18.2

Bas de Leede to David Miller. Back of a length, wide outside off stump on the back foot cutting, to deep cover for 2 runs, fielded by Singh, mis-fielded by de Leede.

8 June 2024 18:50
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

18.1

SIX! Bas de Leede to David Miller. Back of a length, outside off stump on the back foot pulling, well timed in the air under control over deep backward square leg for 6 runs.

8 June 2024 18:50
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

17.6

Logan van Beek to Keshav Maharaj. Back of a length, outside off stump on the back foot glancing, hit pad to fine leg for no runs, fielded by Kingma.

8 June 2024 18:49
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

17.5

OUT! Bowled. Logan van Beek to Marco Jansen. Seaming in length ball, outside off stump on the front foot Slog, missed.

8 June 2024 18:47
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

17.4

Logan van Beek to Marco Jansen. Length ball, outside off stump on the back foot flick, well timed in the air under control to deep backward square leg for 2 runs, run save by Pringle.

8 June 2024 18:46
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

17.3

Logan van Beek to David Miller. Back of a length, outside off stump on the back foot cutting, to deep point for 1 run, fielded by Pringle.

8 June 2024 18:45
Promoted stories
Folks In The Dalles Are Ditching Knee-Pain Using This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
Netherlands vs South Africa

17.2

SIX! Logan van Beek to David Miller. Length ball, off stump on the front foot Slog, well timed in the air under control over deep backward square leg for 6 runs.

8 June 2024 18:44
Newer
1
 / 25
Older
More aboutTwenty20Netherlands CricketSouth Africa cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Genius Product Makes Waiting for Fish to Bite a Thing of the Past
Fishing has never been so easy!
TOP GADGET LIFE|Sponsored
Shop Now
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
BETTER HEALTH NEWS|Sponsored
High blood sugar is not from sweets! Meet the number one enemy
SUGARSIX|Sponsored
A 70-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over.
LIBIYI|Sponsored
Get Offer
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you can do it right at home...)
ARTHROZENE|Sponsored
Learn More
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most...
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch, or receiver, so you’ll know ho...
DEXCOM|Sponsored
The Dalles: Stop Corporate Identity Theft (See How)
Boost business security with top identity and access management software
RISK ASSESSMENT | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Searching Address (Take a Look)
INSTANT HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
NEWS
‘We’re going to rip your face off’ in visa fight, Steve Bannon warns Elo...
NEWS
Court convicts parents of boy who killed ten people in Europe school...
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
The inconvenient truth about this year’s Booker Prize winner
Samantha Harvey’s ‘Orbital’ – about a single day in space – has scooped this year’s prize
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christmas Tree! Children and Adults Alike Will Love Them.
From mischievous raccoons to charming owls, these decorations will bring joy to the entire family.
ABOXUN|Sponsored
Shop Now
The Heart Stained Glass Suncatcher Is Taking Oregon By Storm
The heart shape has always been an expression of love. This exquisite painted heart shape hanging is an ideal choice for special occasions such as valentine's day, birthdays, wedding anniversary, etc.
GRISHAY|Sponsored
Read More
NEWS
Man and woman found dead at prop erty in seaside town
NEWS
Honeymoon over? Trump is reporte dly ‘annoyed’ by best buddy Elon...
Unleash Your Inner Engineer: 8-Cylinder Metal Car Engine Model
From sleek design to real functionality, this full metal car engine model is a mechanical marvel.
GANYIHAG|Sponsored
Shop Now
NEWS
A woman vanished 52 years ago. She’s been found alive thanks to a blurry photo
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/netherlands-south-africa-live-stream-score-updates-b2558694.html 
 ----- 
