Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
Colombia vs Bolivia Prediction and Betting Tips | June 15th 2024
Colombia vs Bolivia Prediction and Betting Tips | June 15th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jun 13, 2024 17:52 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Colombia meet Bolivia in a friendly on Saturday

Colombia will square off against Bolivia at Rentschler Field in an international friendly on Saturday. This is the final friendly of the ongoing international break for both teams, who will continue their 2024 Copa America preparations after this match.

La Tricolor have been in incredible form recently and have been unbeaten in all competitions since a loss to Argentina in the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers in February 2022. They extended their unbeaten streak to 22 games with a 5-1 triumph over the USA last Saturday.

It was a dominant performance from them, with Jhon Arias and Rafael Santos Borré Maury scoring in the first half while substitutes Richard Ríos, Jorge Carrascal, and Luis Sinisterra added goals after the 77th minute.

Trending

Bolivia have suffered losses in their two warm-up games thus far and suffered a 3-1 loss to Ecuador on Wednesday. Miguel Terceros combined with fellow substitute Fernando Saucedo to score a consolation goal in the 88th minute.

Colombia vs Bolivia Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have locked horns 33 times in all competitions since 1938. Colombia have the upper hand in these meetings with 16 wins. Bolivia have seven wins to their name and 10 games have ended in draws.
Bolivia are winless in their last 12 meetings against their northern rivals, suffering nine defeats.
The two teams last met in the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign in March 2022, with La Tricolor recording a 3-0 home win.
Four of the last six meetings between the two teams have produced over 2.5 goals.
Bolivia have suffered four losses in their last five games in all competitions, conceding three goals apiece in three games in that period.
The two teams have met just thrice in friendlies, with a win apiece for either side and one meeting ending in a draw.
Colombia vs Bolivia Prediction

Los Cafeteros have hit a purple patch recently and are on a seven-game winning streak. They have scored 16 goals in these games while conceding just six times and will look to build on that form.

Mateus Uribe trained separately due to physical discomfort and is likely to be rested here as Néstor Lorenzo hopes to recover the midfielder in time for the final squad announcement.

La Verde have suffered back-to-back losses in their last two friendly games, scoring just once while conceding four goals, and will look to improve upon that record. They are winless in this fixture since 2004, failing to score in eight of the 12 games, which is a cause for concern.

Considering the contrast in form between the two teams, Los Cafeteros are expected to register a comfortable win.

Prediction: Colombia 3-1 Bolivia

Colombia vs Bolivia Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Colombia to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Luis Sinisterra to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Bolivia Football Colombia Football Team Santos Borré Mateus Uribe Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/colombia-vs-bolivia-prediction-betting-tips-june-15th-2024 
 ----- 
