Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
High School Sports
Life
Featured Publications
Opinion
E-Edition
Obituaries
Multimedia
Public Notices
Classifieds
Jobs
Cars
Real Estate
Weather
Calendar
CENTERPIECE SPOTLIGHT
Moving on up: UNA can't find anything as impactful as having its own stadium
By David Glovach Sports Writer Jun 15, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
1 of 3

UNA has proposed an on-campus stadium on and off since the 1970s. This is the latest renderings of Bank Independent Stadium and the baseball stadium. [COURTESY]

UNA president Ken Kitts, right, said he can't think of a bigger project the school has undertaken than the on-campus stadium. [DAN BUSEY/TIMESDAILY]

Dan Busey/TimesDaily

UNA fans could soon be walking into the school's new football stadium instead of a practice field on Pine Street. [DAN BUSEY/TIMESDAILY]

Dan Busey/TimesDaily
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

FLORENCE — Ken Kitts looked to his left and then to the right.

David Glovach can be reached at david.glovach@timesdaily.com or on Twitter @DavidGlovach

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
+22
GALLERY
UNA breaks ground on future Bank Independent Stadium
Dan Busey/TimesDailyJun 14, 2024
 0
+3
Brush stroke: UNA to reveal long-awaited renderings of stadium and dig up some dirt

FLORENCE — North Alabama appears to have a thing — at the moment — for the month of June.

+2
Abilene Christian provides interesting blueprint for UNA stadium

FLORENCE — North Alabama athletic director Josh Looney had a chance to experience Abilene Ch…

+3
'This is for real': UNA's stadium project appears to be moving forward

FLORENCE — Steve Pierce is hoping people realize North Alabama’s aspirations for its own foo…

+5
'The time is now and this will happen': For UNA, stadium will be much-needed addition

Previous stadium plans have come and gone. Perhaps this one will be different.

UNA's long-awaited stadium dream taking step forward — again

FLORENCE — It appears North Alabama’s days at Braly Stadium are numbered.

+5
With its stadium past the drawing phase, UNA now gets ready for 'fun part'

FLORENCE — Josh Looney took a seat and joked that he needed a quick respite.

+2
Bringing the Juice: UNA running back Allen hasn't been hard to miss at training camp

FLORENCE — Jayvian Allen lined up in the backfield and then disappeared from sight.

+2
'Something I'll definitely remember': Kerryon Johnson fulfills promise by graduating from Auburn

FLORENCE — Kerryon Johnson has had his fair share of football highlights.

+2
Mic check 1, 2: Bien-Aime latest UNA athlete to help show what goes on behind the scenes

FLORENCE — Philjae Bien-Aime made sure to issue the warning to anyone who happened to stroll near. To players and coaches alike.

+2
'It costs nothing to be kind': Like it was for him, UNA's Warden paying mentorship forward

FLORENCE — Kobe Warden remembers how difficult being a freshman can be.

+3
For Patu, being named UNA's starting QB 'an honor' and now he'll have to hold onto it

FLORENCE — Ari Patu popped off his shoulder pads and strolled over to the sidelines to corral a football and an offensive lineman.

+3
'Don't Worry, Be Happy': UNA gets to enjoy a sweet treat after practice

FLORENCE — Tanaka Scott and Dennis Moody understood something extra was needed for the occasion. Better yet, warranted.

UNA's Warfield focused on football, but can also show off artistic side

FLORENCE — Dakota Warfield admits he tries to be a little too perfect sometimes.

+3
Welcome to the club: Ingram will now wear legendary UNA number

FLORENCE — Jyheam Ingram had just gotten done one interview and was getting ready to do another when he was suddenly caught a little off guard.

+4
Hauling it away: UNA's field changes required plenty of planning, moving and lifting

FLORENCE — Wes Brennan and Ryan Adams popped by North Alabama’s turf field Tuesday with a few extra people in tow.

+4
Whose Line Is It Anyway? After last year's showing, UNA's 2nd skit night draws stronger reviews

FLORENCE — Rarely are sequels as good as the original.

+3
Guten Tag! In 3rd country, Braesch continues to grow in football

FLORENCE — Dominic Braesch knew he had to ask and heard the warning from mom that came with it.

+4
Back with the pride: Carter, a former UNA assistant, helping defense

FLORENCE — Brock Caraboa suggested around 11:30 a.m. would be the best time to stop by. By then, the North Alabama defensive coordinator said,…

+2
Anglin for more: UNA freshman linebacker making presence known

FLORENCE — DeShaun Davis didn’t have to think long.

+2
Class is in session: Dearmon 'back in my element' coaching UNA's QBs

FLORENCE — On any normal practice day, Brent Dearmon is never too far away from his quarterbacks.

+2
The GM type: Hamner helps set up UNA behind the scenes

FLORENCE — Ben Hamner took out his phone and started typing in another set of digits.

Missouri approves $250M stadium renovation

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The University of Missouri Board of Curators approved a $250 million renovation for Memorial Stadium on Thursday during a m…

Tags
Stadium Sports
Around The Web
If You're Over 65, Try This Instead of Gutter Cleaning (It's Genius)
LeafFilter Partner
Chuck Norris in His 80s Says Try This Once a Day for More Energy
America Morning Supply
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
South Carolina: Say Bye to Your Car Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Otto Quotes
Cardiologist: Slim Down by Mixing This Into Your Water
Wellness Wisdom Hub
Caitlyn Jenner And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
Rank Upwards
Recommended for you
 (0) comments
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

Today's Paper
View today's Print Replica
Learn more about using our upgraded Print Replica here (subscription required).
View daily stories
Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes
Comics
Interactive Games and Puzzles
Horoscopes
Subscribe Free
For Our Newsletters

Sign up
Manage your lists
Most Read
 Articles
Shoals resident wins big on TV game show
James Melvin Chaney
Mary Lyndon
David W. Glover
SBI investigating inmate death in Lauderdale County
Linda Sharp Persall
Teresa Darlene Holmes
William Elliot
First CWD case found in Colbert County
Robert B. Douthitt
Online Poll
Will you make a new year’s resolution for 2025?
Yes:
No:
Vote View Results
View Our E-Edition

E-Editions

TimesDaily


Click Here
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Life
Business
Opinion
Obituaries
Gallery
Video Gallery
Weather
Advertise With Us
About Us
Find Job Candidates
Contact Us
Employment Opportunities
Subscribe / Subscription Services
Subscriber Digital Access
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
Affiliated Websites
Decatur Daily
The Advertiser-Gleam
Courier Journal
Moulton Advertiser
The Redstone Rocket
The Madison Record
The Hartselle Enquirer
The Franklin County Times
Living 50 Plus Shoals
Reach256
TN Valley Brides
TN Valley Stuff
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
California Privacy Policy/Private Policy
Contact Information
timesdaily.com
219 W. Tennessee Street
Florence, AL 35630

© Copyright 2024 timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street, Florence, AL  | Terms of Use
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesdaily.com/news/moving-on-up-una-cant-find-anything-as-impactful-as-having-its-own-stadium/article_a49998a4-2aaa-11ef-b61f-0f36b18f5530.html 
 ----- 
