Skip to main content
 Wayback Machine 
 Texts 
 Video 
 Audio 
 Software 
 Images 
 Donate 
 More
"Donate to the archive"
 
Sign up for free
Log in
 Search metadata
 Search text contents
 Search TV news captions
 Search radio transcripts
 Search archived web sites
Advanced Search
tv
   [untitled]    January 5, 2024 11:30pm-12:00am IRST
11:30 pm
the one whose name is feared by the enemies and his pilgrims. i was saved . i was saved. i won. i arrived . in the name of allah, the most merciful, the most merciful. hello, have a good time . welcome to the football magazine program. we will start the program with the match of our country's national team, iran's national team , their last preparatory game before leaving for qatar. at the venue of the asian nations cup
11:31 pm
, they won. the national football team, which is preparing to participate in the nations cup , faced burkina faso in its last preparatory match before traveling to qatar at the kish island olympic stadium. 2.1 win the national team took control of the game from the first minutes and prepared several attacks on the opponent's goal. but every time the goalkeeper and the defenders.
11:32 pm
mahdi tarmi broke the lock on the goal of yurkina faso and the game was tied, a result that remained until the end of the first half. amir qalnai sent a completely different composition to the field for the second half. all 11 players were replaced in the first half and iran went to the field with 11 fresh players. in this half, mehdi qaidi could have scored iran's second goal in the 61st minute, and in this excellent situation, burkinabe scored one by one. again with the brilliance of the ball and the way to the corner did finally, in the 71st minute, in the crowd of burkina faso's penalty area, omid ebrahimi scored iran's goal with a chest control and a strong shot with his left foot. he scores and goes towards the audience. the attacks of the two teams were unsuccessful and the game ended with a score of 2-1 in favor of iran. this game was very good for us. a strength team , a physical speed team. and
11:33 pm
he had good achievements for us. after two training sessions, three training sessions, we put two teams, because our main goal is 24 days from the start of the game against palestine . it was good for us from a technical point of view, we also tried one or two young players. they gave us a lot of hope, but we had a problem that we created a good chance , but it was not good. we didn't use it at all. this is a very dangerous issue. we have to find a way to do it. the national football team of our country continues its training in kish for the time being, and on monday the 18th of december , it will go to doha, qatar to participate in the nations cup. even. if possible
11:34 pm
, we will definitely talk to mr. saeed elhawi, the coach of our country's national team and a member of the technical staff. behdash fariba, football expert and former player of our country's national team, who is on our mobile phone , mr. farima, hello, good night, mr. iraqi , i am at your service and your dear listeners, listeners, and viewers . from this game , i think it was a good choice. the port nufasu team was a team that ran a lot, they played physical , they pressed well, they closed the spaces well, and they were able to pressure each other very well in the counter attack and in the aces hitting each other. i think it was a good choice to bring them to our defense line. we had two different halves in terms of players thought. i think that for the first time in a friendly game
11:35 pm
, the complete team will be changed, so to speak , you want to analyze the game in this situation where two complete teams are changed, it will be difficult , but in any case, we scored one goal in each half, but the first half naturally, due to having a more professional and prepared forward , we lost a lot of opportunities in the second half, and we had a few good opportunities when qaedishu hit the goalie's base , so to speak. we got the necessary pressure and we had some flaws in our defense and in our attack line as well, in my opinion we had problems with the last kicks, and
11:36 pm
the speed of the ball transfer from the defense line to the farwad line or the half pack was a bit slow , but in any case, we saw some ready players , mashallah, we saw mr. ebrahimi. how ready he was at his old age, he caught the ball well, passed it well and scored goals. the kids were good. in general, i think the game is very useful. well, mr. farib, as i said, we want to talk with mr. al-havi, the coach of our country's national football team. you are with us. be us . now, god willing, both of you can participate in our discussion. let's see what we can do for you let's make our national team that will benefit us. and god willing, our country's national team will benefit from it in the nations cup. mr. alhawi, good night in kishton . good in kish. well, mr. alhawi, it's like they don't hear my voice. if we see whether they have our voice or
11:37 pm
not, let's be sure that they can hear my voice. i can ask him my question, mr. elhawi , can you hear me? you see, he put a lot of pressure on our goal
11:38 pm
physically, but he didn't have the necessary technique to send the last passes and the last kicks. for example, if we want to compare japan, korea, and australia , he didn't have that. yes, that means the conditions when they pressed. and the ball was caught behind our jaghrani. if these conditions are in official games and teams that have more experience in these games, well, in the world cup, we saw how japan and korea play, even saudi arabia, even australia is a bit dangerous for us. we must be careful before the match. saying that, for example, burkina faso is the 5th team in the fifa ranking or the 10th team in africa was a bit misleading, as if you shouldn't trust this fifa ranking. they understand
11:39 pm
that no matter what you do, some people are unhappy it's always there, but this is the football that the perkino paso team is playing today. there was a football day. today's football says to worship from above . today's football says to pair up . it says to shoot. it brought the pressure it should bring to our defense, and the monem defense organization returned the test. what was the mark like? yes, but i said that if we have a match against a team with whom, god willing , we will play in the top four, which will definitely be three or four of these this is the team that i mentioned to you
11:40 pm
. we are no longer allowed to let them be so easy that they become ball swabs. they use it to press, but other teams use it. we have to pay attention to our defensive framework. we played until afek in the middle of the first half . the two second halves were completely different from each other, that is, in the first half, our 2 midfielders played together in qatar , either saman was in front and saeed was behind, or vice versa . from ceshmi's point of view, most of his scoring history in other games has been good for esteghlal.
11:41 pm
we are happy to be at your service. be healthy , mr. behdash fariba, to the dear football player of our country
11:42 pm
. now, before we go to the things that mr. fariba raised, let us first say what your goals were for this match. now, preparing or coordinating players or reviewing tactics either both of these, or did you have another goal at all? well, let me tell you, naturally, all these issues that you mentioned, this game, sometime in this final camp of the national team before the start of the asian nations tournament, are considered by mr. qarlanai. and the technical staff, mr. qoranaei , decided to simulate the conditions that we are going to be in in qatar in different situations. tehran existed in relation to dove , mr. qoranaei. and the respected staff decided that the team should come to the sea level. this is the first point of choosing the time
11:43 pm
of our friends' games against burkina faso and indonesia based on the distance between the games that happen in the lives of the asian nations in the first three games of the group stage until the team in that process. play to recover and prepare again for the next game, and our recovery protocols are completely for this subject, according to the weather conditions and the compression of the game. i think the statistics show that these changes are positive changes in line with their goals . who is now playing a different model, the average ownership of the national team in the last 12 games
11:44 pm
has reached 65% on average, which shows that the team's football model has changed, the quality of the opportunities we create compared to the opportunities the opponent we are facing is becoming very different and if i am not mistaken, the statistics show us that we created nearly 26 half chances of scoring in 12 games and gave the opponent team a chance of scoring in about 73 minutes. you can see this ratio compared to the previous model . we respect the previous coaches of the national team . they were all dear and tried their best, but they would like the team to play football in a different style . he is trying to advance step-by-step in the aggressive football movement, which is a new idea, and yes, he has statistics. it shows that we are moving in the right direction , but there is a problem that maybe now one can ask about it, the same things that mr. fariba said , and by the way, mr. qolhi himself
11:45 pm
said the same thing in the interview after the game and in the press conference after the game. now, you talked about scoring opportunities and creating opportunities, but the use of them is a point in itself that i think now this volume of opportunities that are created should be used, especially now in games that maybe, for example, in front of palestine. that in front of us is probably dafa. it will be or now hong kong is in front of us it will be defensive, we have to use it, or maybe , for example, against the uae or korea or opponents like that, maybe we will get a single opportunity. look exactly, for example, today against burkina faso, we created 10 times more hope of scoring than this team, but we only scored one more goal than this team. this is an alarm that mr. glinoy also talked about in the press conference . oh, and they are smart, they also
11:46 pm
completely understood from mr. gholnai's words and the events that happened in the game, and got the idea that higher accuracy and higher concentration is needed. in scoring situations, they should have the final shots because it is natural that in a tournament that is more official, they have to bear more pressure, maybe we have a lower quality in creating chances and we have to use it optimally. the process, in fact, the mental meetings and mental concentration of our children will go in the direction of being able to score the goal that we create, because now this is a positive thing. this is not a small team the team in the previous tournament of the nation of africa has reached four teams, the team has good quality players, and the football they played was really stressful and physical, and the quality players played
11:47 pm
a very good game, sir, even i forced you to change my tactics. other. no change in tactics , no, look , i don't know what exactly you mean by change in tactics, but after the goal we scored, the way we played didn't change, that is, no , we played the same football model that was new , you see the game model we have. it is very important that from the side of the technical staff i would like to serve all the dear ones in the football community by listening and talking to the members of the technical staff of the national team to all friends in iranian football. all friends in the football community, like us and like all people, have a role in the national team, and they can
11:48 pm
help us with their opinions and opinions, provided that their opinions and opinions are expert opinions and we can talk about it together. in fact, the comments that are characteristic of the expert format are more accurate, but when you can hear the good talk of fariba and other dear football experts of our country. rest assured, we monitor everything, we hear and talk about it , sometimes we call some friends, and we collect the opinions of our loved ones because we know that this team it does not belong to us, it belongs to all the people of iranian football, for all the people of iran and all the members of the society, we look forward to the support and positive energy of the people of the country. for the sake of our country's team, our dear team, let's return to the same discussion
11:49 pm
technically, after the scoring issue, it is a point that should be thought about now. the question for me is whether this exists at all. if it exists , do you think about it or not? it is individual mistakes. for example , in 2014, now the model might have been different. that mistake made me correct it. 2015, australian cup of nations . it is an individual mistake that leads to a red card. we had 10 players and were eliminated, or in 2019 when that mistake happened in the game against japan and we conceded three goals. we were eliminated. the mistake that happened today in the game with burkina faso is an individual mistake, maybe it happens in every game, or even the mistake that esdi made at the end he is playing something similar to 2015. he reminded me of that time . do you think there is an idea for this? or are you talking about it in those mental meetings to prevent those cruelties
11:50 pm
of football? yes, let me know exactly . let me make a division. some of our mistakes are individual mistakes in the technical process. for example , we made a few mistakes in the first goal. in fact, the goal of the burkina faso team . we had some individual mistakes in the technical field. it is natural and we should try to minimize it but some of the mistakes , as you said, happened in the previous tournaments and many of the kids who are in the team now, the players have experienced mistakes that are caused by our different mentality and from the first meeting when mr. qarnani was in the national team. until today , they always mention these issues in their direct conversations with the players, even we prepared meetings for asia so that we can show the children with videos and training what good opportunities they have because of the mistakes that they made in a moment based on
11:51 pm
loss of concentration or irresponsibility or any other issue from the mental point of view of losing, we try to minimize this. i think that the children have gained a very good experience from the events of the previous tournaments and they know that this is an opportunity that we do not always have and we must use this opportunity to let's prove ourselves in the asian football community again, that we are still one of the top powers of asian football . our team's kids have very good quality. i think we have good quality in the technical field. we need to get to the details more and reduce our problems, but we think that the children are more focused in the tournament they will be ready for 30 seconds and will be surprised how much his composition will change compared to the composition we saw today, especially in the first half in jame al-mellatah. i think one of the very important approaches that mr. qalnai has in the asian nations is to be able to
11:52 pm
divide the physical load that the players have to bear and the mental load that they have to bear with the rotation of players in different competitions. we are 26 players with we have the quality in our team's camp that all of them can be in the first team. in the end, i will just tell a very small matter very quickly on behalf of the national team, very briefly. short. in the economic problems and restrictions that the country is facing now , the international problems and restrictions that we have, it is really important to be together with any belief and with any attitude in these games, when we are together in the national team, let's give each other positive energy, today. the responsibility of winning mr. qalamai is friendly, god willing, we will make something good happen together in this tournament . but the premier futsal league clashed with 12 goals in the city of ray and continued the victories of the leaders in the most important games
11:53 pm
in the eighth week, 12 goals, one dismissal, and a total of yellow cards in the game between safir and egypt, from the eighth week of the futsal premier league , the opportunity to play the two teams reached a 6-6 tie. now the share of both teams was 6. our children's motivation has decreased a bit. it's rotten, and it 's gone too much. oh my god, this year it's become such a thing that it's not good at all . the team of the big team sent off a player from the ambassador with the referee and gave 8 yellow cards.
11:54 pm
they are good at defending and attacking at the same time , and the children's wishes have come true, and i hope that this result will have an impact on the team's future and will be able to continue . let's play a bit more matured in the minutes of the game and be able to make our result two, three and four and play with more peace of mind . crab could have defeated its host naft bandaab after a few weeks of failure, and iralco achieved its first win with mahmoud shodchi and won two goals.
11:55 pm
qom sanat won, the game of zarand steel teams with savon municipality was canceled due to sympathy with the bereaved family of kerman province. the 19th week of the premier futsal league will be held on friday, december 22. giti pashand sardnashin is the host of senich saveh, for example. he is playing with foulad at home, and sefir gahtman is facing goherzmin in sirjan. morteza eizd panah of ray shahr radio and television news agency. the italian full-back is at san siro, according to milan's fabrizio romano, following a personal agreement with helasfero full-back filippo tratano. agreed with the officials of this club to transfer this player it is said that rossenri is going
11:56 pm
Volume 90%
to pay 4.5 million euros to verona for the purchase of this 20-year-old player. the acquisition of bonuses will increase to a maximum of five and a half million euros. the international football history and statistics federation announced the selected team of the year. ederson, alfonso davies, kimin jae, rowan diaz, rodrary, jut bellingham, kevin de bruyne, kylian mbappe, erling holland, harikin and leo messi are the players of the selected team of 2023 from the point of view of this federation.
11:57 pm
the german club has been looking for the purchase of dier since last summer, and now they are trying to get the approval of the leaders of spurs for the permanent transfer of this player , god forbid. one of the important issues that we must take care of to be able to maintain this honor today is the unity of our society
11:58 pm
. to have the most important component of unity is that we have unity around fundamental issues. the most important basic issue is unity around the enemy. unity is around the enemy. this is not important. it is not possible to have two voices in a battle that exists between our enemies, between the islamic world and between the people of iran, and between the honor of iran. be some people consider the enemy as a friend and fall in love with the enemy's false promises. these two voices, if someone in a position wants to make the enemy a friend, this is treason. this is a betrayal to the iranian nation, to the ideals of this nation. at any level, the nation of iran. at all levels of the iranian nation. unity around the enemy is the most important issue.
11:59 pm
12:00 am
ministry of intelligence, agents supporting the perpetrators of the terrorist attack in kerman were arrested in six provinces. identify other people. and they are about to be arrested. cleaning and burying the bodies of the martyrs of the terrorist crime in golzar shahadai, kerman. transferring the bodies of a number of martyrs to their hometowns. president. revenge is the least expensive is that the enemy will suffer.
left
 
right
Borrow Program
 
Favorite
tv
[untitled]
 January 5, 2024 11:30pm-12:00am IRST



This transcription, and an English translation, were generated by the GDELT Project, using Google Cloud APIs. There may be errors and omissions in the resulting text.

TOPIC FREQUENCY Iran 9, Qatar 5, Japan 3, Korea 3, Kerman 3, Fariba 3, Fifa 2, Qoranaei 2, Alhawi 2, Behdash Fariba 2, Premier Futsal League 2, Africa 2, Australia 2, Palestine 2, Kish 2, Farib 1, Al-havi 1, Elhawi 1, International Football History And Statistics Federation 1, Qom Sanat 1
Network IRINN
Duration 00:30:58
Scanned in Tehran, Iran
Language fas
Source Antenna
Tuner Channel IPTV
Video Codec h264
Audio Cocec aac
Pixel width 852
Pixel height 480
Audio/Visual sound, color
Item Size 594.8M
Notes

This material may be protected by copyright law (Title 17 U.S. Code).

19 Views

INFO
 STREAM ONLY
IN COLLECTIONS
IRINN
Television Archive
Television Archive News Search Service

Uploaded by
TV Archive
on January 5, 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://archive.org/details/IRINN_20240105_200000/start/1585/end/1645?q=erling 
 ----- 
