Skip to main content
An official EU websiteHow do you know?

This site uses cookies. Visit our cookies policy page or click the link in any footer for more information and to change your preferences.

Accept all cookies
Accept only essential cookies
The Diplomatic Service of the European Union
Breadcrumb
EEAS  Schuman Security and Defence Forum 2024
 SHARE  PRINT
Schuman Security and Defence Forum 2024

28 - 29 May 2024, Brussels, Belgium

 

 

PROGRAMME
ROAD TO SCHUMAN
EU PEACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE
FACTSHEETS
ABOUT THE SCHUMAN FORUM

In today’s interconnected world, mutually beneficial peace, security and defence partnerships are more needed than ever. The second edition of the Schuman Security and Defence Forum (Schuman Forum) will take place in Brussels on 28-29 May 2024. It will bring together senior decision-makers from more than 60 partner countries, EU Member States, high-level representatives of the European Union (EU), international and regional organisations, as well as leading think-tanks and academia.

The Forum will aim at shedding light on how ongoing and potential peace, security and defence partnerships can respond to the most pressing security threats and challenges and contribute to global peace and security as well as uphold the international rules-based order and multilateralism.

Remote video URL

© EUROPEAN UNION / BERNAL REVERT
“

No country, acting alone, can address challenges such as the weakening of multilateralism, the return of power politics across the world, the renewed assertiveness of authoritarian regimes, and the mix of conventional and hybrid threats that we are facing.

Josep Borrell, High Representative/Vice-President of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy
DELIVERING TOGETHER IN A VOLATILE GEOPOLITICAL LANDSCAPE

"The security threats that we are facing are indivisible".

The world of today is ever more dangerous. The international rules-based order and multilateralism are under pressure. Competing visions and agendas on the global order are on the rise. Both state and non-state actors can pose threats to our security, through conventional as well as hybrid means of warfare.

In our interconnected world, geographical silos do not exist anymore. Threats to international security are indivisible, and the EU and its partners face numerous challenges within a single security theatre. What emerges locally, quickly becomes global, with more far-reaching and complex consequences than ever before.

In addressing common security challenges, mutually beneficial peace, security and defence partnerships are essential. Listening to its partners is key for the EU to foster such partnerships.

Image
COPYRIGHT

EEAS

Image
COPYRIGHT

EUROPEAN UNION / BERNAL REVERT

More than 400 high-level participants from 50 countries and international organisations, along with 27 EU Member States, gathered to discuss peace, security and defence matters of common interest for the first edition of the Schuman Forum in 2023. 

HIGH-LEVEL POLITICAL EXCHANGE ON PEACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE

"Stating your views, your needs, your expectations, your concerns. This is the purpose of the Schuman Forum".

The Schuman Forum aims at facilitating high-level dialogue on international peace, security and defence issues between the EU, its Member States and partners. The Schuman Forum brings together politicians, senior decision-makers, military representatives from EU Member States and partner countries, and representatives from international and regional organisations with which the EU cooperates on peace, security and defence. Representatives from leading think-tanks and academia are also invited. 

View list of confirmed participants from partner countries, EU Member States, and international/regional organisations

 

Think Tank Side-Event 

On 28 May, a closed-door meeting will be held with the participation of peace, security and defence policy experts from think tanks and academia from around the world. The primary purpose of this meeting will be to provide experts with an opportunity to preview the key issues that will be on the agenda of the main event of the Forum. It will be a chance for sharing ideas and concrete proposals on how to best strengthen and further develop cooperation in the field of peace, security and defence between the EU, its Member States, and partners.

View programme of the think tank event

View list of confirmed participants from think tanks/academia

PROGRAMME
29 MAY 2024

9:00 - 9:15 Keynote Speech (Livestreamed) 

Josep Borrell Fontelles
High Representative for the Union's Foreign and Security Policy / Vice President of the European Commission

9:15 – 9:20 Welcome words by the European Parliament (Livestreamed)

European Parliament Representative 

9:20 – 10:50 Plenary session

High-level panel: One theatre - partnerships in a security continuum

11:20 – 12:50 Breakout Roundtables

Roundtable 1: Hybrid and cyber threats - The weaponization of everything

Roundtable 2: Human Security explored - Integrating the Women & Youth Peace and Security Agendas

14:20 – 15:45 Breakout Roundtables

Roundtable 3: Critical infrastructures - How to maximise resilience?

Roundtable 4: Maritime security - Making the sea a safer strategic domain

Roundtable 5: Counterterrorism - A holistic approach

16:00 – 17:15 Plenary

High-Level Panel: Sustainable Peace Architectures – Multilateralism & Partnerships

17:15 Concluding remarks (Livestreamed)

Josep Borrell Fontelles 
High Representative for the Union's Foreign and Security Policy / Vice President of the European Commission

View full programme

Final list of Schuman Forum and Think Tank event participants

Biographies of Schuman Forum speakers

ROAD TO SCHUMAN FORUM

In the run up to the Schuman Forum in May, a series of preparatory events named ‘Road to Schuman Forum 2024’ will be held in Canada, Chile, India, Jordan, Moldova and Nigeria.

Organised by the EU Delegations, they gather high-level representatives from the country, members of the diplomatic community and local leading think-tanks/academia in the field of peace, security and defence. The ‘Road to Schuman Forum’ events will allow for more regionally-focused exchanges on peace, security and defence matters among the participants, that will inform the discussions during the main event.

Road to Schuman event holds in Abuja

Road to Schuman event in India: Dialogue on Enhancing EU India Defence and Security Cooperation, including in the Indo-Pacific region

Canada: Setting the stage for the 2024 Schuman Security and Defence Forum

Road to Schuman event in Moldova: paving the path towards a stronger, resilient and more secure Moldova

Road to Schuman, Jordan: A Strategic Dialogue on Defence, Maritime Security, and Transnational Crime

The Road to the 2024 Schuman Security and Defense Forum starts in Chile, with an event on key challenges to Latin America security

SCHUMAN FORUM NEWS
The European Peace Facility Factsheet
 23.07.2024
Conflict Prevention factsheet
 23.07.2024
EU-NATO cooperation
 02.07.2024
Addressing the impacts of climate change and environmental degradation on Peace, Security and Defence
 02.07.2024
HR/VP Josep Borrell | Schuman Security & Defence Forum 2024
 31.05.2024
HR/VP Josep Borrell | Schuman Forum 2024 Concluding remarks
 29.05.2024
Schuman Security and Defence Forum: Closing remarks by High Representative/Vice-President Josep Borrell
 29.05.2024
HR/VP Josep Borrell | Keynote speech at Schuman Forum
 29.05.2024
2023 SCHUMAN FORUM

The first edition of the Schuman Security and Defence Forum took place on 20 - 21 March 2023.

Video file

Image

Around 5,000 EU military and civilian staff are currently deployed in 9 military and 13 civilian Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) missions and operations.

EU PEACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE

"To partner is deeply rooted in the DNA of the European Union. Because we, ourselves, the European Union is based on cooperation among partners".

The EU is committed to international peace and security and upholding the rules-based international order and multilateralism as defined by the UN Charter. The EU’s contribution to global peace and security is based on a comprehensive toolbox that encompasses a wide range of means: from diplomatic efforts, development support, mediation and conflict prevention to nuclear non-proliferation, arms export controls or maritime security. It is supported by the work of almost 5,000 EU military and civilian staff who are currently deployed in 9 military and 13 civilian Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) missions and operations in three continents.

Dialogue and engagement with its partners is at the heart of how the EU sees its international role. Deepening security and defence partnerships is a core element of the EU’s Strategic Compass, which outlines the EU’s common strategic vision and concrete steps to strengthen its position as a capable, effective and responsible actor in security and defence; to protect the security and prosperity of its citizens and to contribute more effectively to international peace and stability.

In the Compass, the EU also committed to develop a Security and Defence Forum ("The Schuman Forum") to work more closely and effectively with partners to address common security and defence challenges.

MORE ON EU PEACE, SECURITY AND DEFENCE

 

A Strategic Compass for Security and Defence | EEAS (europa.eu)
Missions and Operations | EEAS (europa.eu)
Conflict Prevention, Peace Building and Mediation | EEAS (europa.eu)
Maritime Security | EEAS (europa.eu)
Partnerships | EEAS (europa.eu)
Disarmament, Non-proliferation and Arms Export Control | EEAS (europa.eu)
Counter-terrorism | EEAS (europa.eu)
Space | EEAS (europa.eu)
Cybersecurity | EEAS (europa.eu)
Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO) | EEAS (europa.eu)
Women, Peace and Security Agenda | EEAS (europa.eu)
European Defence Fund | EEAS (europa.eu)
European Peace Facility (EPF) | EEAS (europa.eu)

FACTSHEETS
The European Peace Facility Factsheet

In an era of strategic competition and complex security threats, the European Peace Facility (EPF) expands the EU’s ability to provide security for its citizens and its partners. It enables the EU to provide all types of equipment and infrastructure to the armed forces of EU partners, in compliance with international human rights law and international humanitarian law.

 23.07.2024
Conflict Prevention factsheet

Conflict prevention builds upon the premise that violent conflicts can be prevented before they break out, or at least the scope and impact of violence can be reduced. The European Union (EU) itself was created with the core objective to prevent conflict (article 21 of the Treaty on the European Union). Informed, timely and effective conflict prevention reduces the risk of human suffering, and saves both human lives and financial resources.

 23.07.2024
EU-UN strategic partnership on peace operations and crisis management

The European Union (EU) and the United Nations (UN) cooperate closely in crisis management around the world. In 2003, when the EU deployed its first civilian and military operations, the two organisations issued a Joint Declaration on EU-UN-Cooperation in Crisis Management. Since then, in 2022-2024, they have strengthened their strategic partnership.

 24.04.2024
Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO) - factsheet

Since its establishment in 2017, the Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO) has become a valuable instrument for defence cooperation, contributing to the implementation of the Strategic Compass.

 22.03.2024
EU Space Strategy For Security and Defence

In a geopolitical context of increasing power competition and intensification of threats to the EU and its Member States, EU leaders have identified in the Strategic Compass space as a strategic domain.

 19.03.2024
Progress on the Implementation of the Strategic Compass

The Strategic Compass was adopted in March 2022, one month after the start of Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine. It lists more than 80 concrete actions to translate even more the EU's ambition in security and defence into reality. Two years after its adoption, the EU and its Member States have continued to make significant progress in its implementation.

 19.03.2024
Factsheet: EU Space Strategy for Security and Defence 

Space is critical for our societies and economy and is a key enabler for security and defence. In a geopolitical context of increasing power competition and intensification of threats to the EU and its Member States, EU leaders have identified in the Strategic Compass space as a strategic domain. As a result, the first EU Space Strategy for Security and Defence was released in 2023. While implementing this new strategy, the EU is taking action to defend its interests, deter hostile activities in space and strengthen its strategic posture and autonomy.

 18.03.2024
Cyber Diplomacy and Cyber Defence: EU External Action

The Strategic Compass provides further guidance on strengthening the EU’s ability to prevent, deter and respond to cyberattacks. The EU is determined to promote and protect a global, open, stable and secure cyberspace for everyone to have a safe digital life. Increased cybersecurity is essential for the EU to become a resilient, green and digital Union.

 18.03.2024
Countering hybrid threats

The increased use of hybrid strategies and operations by state and non-state actors poses a threat to security and shared democratic values of the EU Member States and our partner countries. These threats include, for instance, information manipulation, cyber-attacks, lawfare, economic coercion, and the instrumentalisation of migrants.

 18.03.2024
Civilian CSDP Compact

Civilian CSDP missions are the EU’s flagship tool for civilian crisis management. Around 2,200 women and men contribute to security globally, helping to prevent and address conflict and crises. Civilian CSDP missions enhance the capacities of partners to strengthen their police, promote the rule of law and support their civil administration.

 18.03.2024
European Union Rapid Deployment Capacity

With the Strategic Compass the EU set out the ambition to be a stronger and more capable security provider in its neighborhood and beyond. The EU needs to be able to protect its citizens and to contribute to international peace and security, by being able to react quickly, robustly and effectively to conflicts and crises outside its borders.

 16.03.2024
EU Missions and Operations

Around 4,000 EU military and civilian staff are currently deployed in CSDP missions and operations in three continents, working for a more stable world and contributing to a safer Europe

 15.03.2024
Factsheet: Military Mobility

Military Mobility is an EU initiative to ensure swift and seamless movement of military personnel, materiel and assets – including at short notice and at large scale – within and beyond the EU.

 14.03.2024
EU Maritime Security Strategy

Ensuring safe and secure oceans is vital for the European and world economies.

 14.03.2024
2023 Annual Progress Report on the Implementation of the Strategic Compass for Security and Defence
 20.03.2023
A Strategic Compass for the EU

The EU needs to become a stronger and more capable actor in security and defence: both to protect the security of its citizens and to act in crisis situations that affect the EU’s values and interests. With the Strategic Compass, Member States agree on a common strategic vision for the EU’s role in security and defence and commit to a set of concrete and wide-ranging objectives to achieve these goals in the coming 5-10 years.

 20.03.2023
Factsheet: CARD Report 2022
 15.11.2022
Article 42(7) TEU - The EU's mutual assistance clause

Article 42(7) TEU is the European Union’s mutual assistance clause. Once activated by an attacked Member State, all other Member States have to provide assistance in response. The article thus guarantees solidarity amongst Member States in case of an armed aggression against any one of them. This assistance can, for example, range from diplomatic support and technical or medical assistance to civilian or military aid, among others. Member States have regularly held table-top and scenario-based exercises on the activation and implementation of the mutual assistance clause. These exercises also cover hybrid scenarios or large-scale cyberattacks. Article 42(7) TEU is consistent with commitments under NATO, which is and will remain the foundation of collective defence for its members.

 06.10.2022
The EU' climate change and defence roadmap

The EU has long recognised that climate change acts as a threat multiplier with serious implications for peace and security across the globe. Climate change poses a double challenge for EU’s security and defence. Click on the document to view and download the factsheet.

 31.03.2022
Factsheet: A stronger civilian side of the EU's Common Security and Defence Policy

The civilian dimension of the Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) provides unique added value to the EU’s global role in international peace and security. Click on the document to see and download the factsheet.

 30.03.2022
Page Updated:
 03.04.2024
 BACK TO TOP
EUROPEAN UNION WEBSITES
European Union
|
European Commission
|
European Parliament
|
European Council
|
All EU Institutions
Contacts
Data protection
Privacy statements
Cookie policy
Europa analytics
Language policy
Legal notice
Accessibility
Login
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.eeas.europa.eu/eeas/schuman-security-and-defence-forum-2024_en 
 ----- 
