Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Utah Jazz HC Will Hardy Sounds Off After Isaiah Collier's First Start
The Utah Jazz rookie was called up to the task on Saturday night vs. the San Antonio Spurs.
Jared Koch | Nov 10, 2024
Nov 9, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; Utah Jazz guard Isaiah Collier (13) drives in against San Antonio Spurs forward Zach Collins (23) in the first half at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images
In this story:
Utah Jazz

The Utah Jazz ended their lengthy four-game road trip on the right foot on Saturday night, when facing off against the San Antonio Spurs for the second time this season, ultimately taking home a narrow win, 111-110.

It was an effort that was done without the Jazz's emerging young guard Keyonte George in the lineup, as he was ruled out due to left foot soreness, leaving Coach Will Hardy to call up another name into the starting five-- that being first-round rookie Isaiah Collier. It effectively made for Collier's second appearance during the regular season, and first NBA start since being drafted earlier this summer.

Collier finished the night with 24 minutes under his belt, collecting seven points, six rebounds, four assists, along with a steal and a block, while struggling a bit shooting the ball with a 3/9 clip from the field and an 0/6 mark from downtown.

Despite the offensive ups and downs, Coach Hardy spoke about Collier's performance after the win on Saturday, providing some positive feedback for Utah's 29th-overall pick from this offseason.

"He plays with really good tempo," Hardy said. "You can see the burst he has to the basket. You can see his pace in the full court. You also see moments where his vision and passing really stand out. Obviously, he struggled to shoot the ball tonight, but that's a technical, tangible thing we'll continue to work on. I think his feel for the first game tonight was pretty good."

Considering this was just the second appearance within a regular season game for Collier, it's hard to take too much stock in one shaky shooting night, as a long season lies ahead for him and the Jazz staff to work on getting that aspect of his game sorted out.

Still, the young guard found a way to impact the game with his impressive speed and ability as a facilitator, showing some optimism for what may lie ahead for him later this year as he gathers more experience in the lineup.

Coach Hardy later spoke on how he broke the news to Collier before being given the start.

"Once we determined that Keyonte was out, I walked by Isaiah and said, 'You're starting tonight,' and that was kind of the extent of our conversation," Hardy said. "That's on purpose. I don't need to add to the weight of that moment. He probably had a lot of thoughts and feelings when he hears that. I'm sure some of it is excitement. Some of it is probably a little bit of nerves, but I believe in those moments, he doesn't need a big speech... In some ways, simple is better in those moments. So, right before the game when he went out, it was kind of like, 'guard the ball, impact the game with your pace,' and we'll sort the rest out later."

Collier and the Jazz will have an opportunity to build off their Saturday showing on Tuesday when they land back home to face the Phoenix Suns.

Follow Inside The Jazz on Facebook and Twitter/X and subscribe to YouTube for breaking Jazz news videos and live streams!

Published Nov 10, 2024|Modified Nov 10, 2024
JARED KOCH

Jared Koch is the Associate Editor of The Frozen Rope — SI.com's team website covering the Utah Jazz. He's covered the NBA and NFL for the past two years, also being the Managing Editor of Inside The Kings — SI.com's team website covering the Sacramento Kings.

Follow jjaredkoch

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/jazz/news/jazz-will-hardy-isaiah-collier-first-start 
 ----- 
