Report ad
Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
GO
Report ad
UTAH JAZZ
How Will Hardy — and a dog — helped Keyonte George out of a shooting slump
After a rough start to the season, the second-year guard is starting to find his rhythm
Published: Nov 10, 2024, 8:02 p.m. MST
VIEW COMMENTS
SHARE
Utah Jazz head coach Will Hardy confers with guard Keyonte George during game Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, in Denver. AP
By Sarah Todd
Sarah Todd covers the NBA and Utah Jazz for the Deseret News.

This article was first published as the Jazz Insiders newsletter. Sign up to receive the newsletter in your inbox each Friday.

Through the first five games of the 2024-25 season, Keyonte George was not shooting the ball well.

Frankly, there were quite a few Utah Jazz players that were struggling to shoot (including Jordan Clarkson, Collin Sexton, Cody Williams and John Collins), but there was a lot of scrutiny when it came to George and rightfully so. When you’re the one that is playing point guard and supposed to be setting the tone, while also taking a lot of shots, there is going to be a high expectation for execution.

And it wasn’t just his 3-point shooting. He was missing in the midrange, lacking touch around the rim, and the rest of his game was suffering too. He was in a classic slump, shooting 20% from 3, just 28% from the field and averaging four turnovers per game.

After the first game of the season, and a 3-of-18 shooting performance from George, he was despondent. Shaking his head, staring at the floor when answering questions from reporters and clearly upset with himself. Interestingly, as the poor shooting nights mounted, George’s demeanor seemed to improve.

Part of this was due to a team-wide mandate from the coaching staff on body language.

“The games are way too long, and the season is way too long to overreact to everything that doesn’t go our way. The body language piece is a big deal for us as a group. We do not want to be a team that complains or begs for calls or is constantly feeling like you’re being wronged.”

—  Jazz coach Will Hardy

“The games are way too long, and the season is way too long to overreact to everything that doesn’t go our way,” Jazz coach Will Hardy said. “The body language piece is a big deal for us as a group. We do not want to be a team that complains or begs for calls or is constantly feeling like you’re being wronged.”

The message was simple: Things are not always going to go your way, but you can’t just all look like sad puppies. Pick yourselves up and continue to fight for the full 48 minutes with your heads up.

Then, there was an additional message for George. As Hardy watched the young guard beat himself up over every mistake and every missed shot, he asked George what he would say to a teammate that was going through a slump?

Clearly, George would never tell a teammate to hang their head and be ashamed. He would tell a teammate to keep shooting, to believe in the work being done everyday and to shake off anything that goes wrong. Move onto the next play. Hardy told George to take his own advice, and to talk to himself the same way he would speak to a teammate.

Then he asked one more question.

View Comments

“He asked me if I had a dog and I told him, yes,” George said. “I’m going to go home tonight and my dog ain’t gonna care if we lost. I mean, he’s just happy to see me. Tail gonna be wagging, he’s gonna want to go outside. That kind of puts you back in a place where, you know, we obviously want to come out here and win, this our profession. But the game is 48 minutes, and there’s 24 hours in a day. So we can’t let this 48 minutes destroy what we want to do outside of it. So, he’s helping me put things in perspective.”

Thankfully, the slump didn’t last long.

In the three games that followed that five-game slump, George shot 43.3% from 3-point land and averaged just two turnovers per game. And the success has been contagious as other players have started to find the bottom of the net as well.

New with the Jazz
RELATED
Let’s talk about the Utah Jazz’s rotations and lineup decisions
Quote of the week

“It’s good to know that ... that we’re not that bad at shooting” — Utah Jazz coach Will Hardy.

From the archives
RELATED
Jazz devastated by Taylor Hendricks’ injury
The Bible verse Taylor Hendricks shared following his major injury
Extra points
Losing and learning: How the Jazz are coping with mounting losses (Deseret News)
‘We’d had enough:’ Jazz get first win of the season (Deseret News)
Who are college basketball draft prospects to watch, starting this week? (Deseret News)
The Utah Jazz G League facility has a history with Stockton and Malone (KSL.com)
Around the league
Joel Embiid suspended three games for altercation with columnist.
Cavaliers surge to 10-0 start to the season in Kenny Atkinson’s first year with team.
NBA never spoke with woman accusing Lakers’ Hayes of assault.
Up next
Nov. 9 | 3 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs | NBA TV
Nov. 12 | 7 p.m. | Utah Jazz vs. Phoenix Suns | KJZZ
Nov. 14 | 7 p.m. | Utah Jazz vs. Dallas Mavericks | NBA TV
Nov. 16 | 8 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Sacramento Kings | KJZZ

Jazz Insiders

Get the inside scoop on your favorite team in this email for true Jazz fans.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Browse All Newsletters
You Might Also Like
Looking for comments?
Find comments in their new home! Click the buttons at the top or within the article to view them — or use the button below for quick access.
VIEW COMMENTS
Most Popular
Katie Ann Powell, a Utah native, wins award at Miss America pageant
The world's largest humanitarian crisis is now a genocide
Justin Trudeau resigned as Canadian prime minister. Here's how Trump responded
Photo gallery: Infernos in Southern California
Gov. Cox to join Trump at Mar-a-Lago dinner with other governors
Park City Mountain's image taking a hit amid ongoing ski patrol strike
This former BYU assistant and longtime OC for Bronco Mendenhall has been fired
Football, faculty and faith: Here's why I’m excited about BYU’s future
5 takeaways from Trump press conference — including hostages held by Hamas, control of Panama Canal, NATO
Most Commented
489
What Trump promises to do on Day 1
405
Why is Trump talking about Greenland? Trump Jr. visits the island
185
Perspective: Child abuse is child abuse, no matter where it occurs
111
Opinion: From dysfunction to solutions — a values-driven immigration framework
105
New billboards on I-15 highlight need for support against antisemitism
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
iOS App
Android App
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Preferences
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.deseret.com/sports/2024/11/10/utah-jazz-keyonte-george-shooting-slump-will-hardy/ 
 ----- 
