Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Devin Vassell’s Shooting Sparks Spurs Despite Tough Loss to Jazz
It’s been a long road to recovery for the Spurs' star, but he’s back—and already making an impact.
Mathey Gibson | Nov 10, 2024
Nov 9, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; San Antonio Spurs guard Devin Vassell (24) shoots in the second half against the Utah Jazz at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Antonio Spurs

The San Antonio Spurs faced another tough loss Saturday night, falling 111-110 to the Utah Jazz, one of the weaker teams in the Western Conference.

But while the game’s final score was disappointing, there was a bright spot in Devin Vassell’s return to the court.

Coming off the bench after a seven-month recovery from foot surgery, Vassell looked sharp and brought a sorely needed boost to the Spurs’ offense.

In just 22 minutes, Vassell scored 21 points, shooting 8-for-13 from the field and sinking three of his six attempts from beyond the arc.

His return is promising for a Spurs team that has struggled with three-point shooting, hitting only 33.5% of their attempts this season—one of the lowest marks in the league.

"First off, I just want to give credit to my coaches [and] the training staff for helping me get back," Vassell said after the game. "I haven't played in a long time. During the offseason, I was kind of frustrated. I just want to be out there with my teammates, and play with them, and have training camp and everything. I was able to get through it."

Vassell’s performance is a sign of hope for a Spurs offense that desperately needs spacing.

The team has been last in the league on catch-and-shoot threes, converting just 30.7% of their attempts.

His presence on the floor opens up opportunities for his teammates, taking pressure off fellow scorer Keldon Johnson and making things easier for big man Victor Wembanyama, who has drawn double-teams and crowded defenses since his arrival.

“It was good for me to be back out there,” Vassell said, showing appreciation for his team and his fans. “Good for me to be playing with some of these guys. But ultimately I wanted to get that win, so I’m kind of upset about that right now.”

The frustration is understandable. But for the Spurs, the return of their sharpshooter marks a potential turning point. His minutes may be limited initially, but he’s certainly poised to help San Antonio climb out of their three-point slump.

As the Spurs continue their homestand, fans have reason to hope that Vassell’s three-point precision can help fuel a turnaround.

San Antonio Spurs On Sports Illustrated
Gregg Popovich Latest: Spurs Coach Reportedly Dealing with 'Serious' Health Issue
It Takes A Castle: Stephon Castle's On-Court Impact Begins Off It
Julian Champagnie's Approach to Begin New Season? 'Just Keep Shooting'
Published Nov 10, 2024
MATHEY GIBSON

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/spurs/news/devin-vassell-shooting-sparks-spurs-despite-tough-loss-to-jazz 
 ----- 
