As it happened MCG cricket: Australia beats West Indies by eight wickets as Smith, Green star with the bat

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Age
Advertisement
SportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

As it happened MCG cricket: Australia beats West Indies by eight wickets as Smith, Green star with the bat
By
Roy Ward
Updated February 2, 2024 — 9.23pmfirst published at 1.41pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
KEY POSTS
9.09pm	Bartlett ‘amazed’ at debut wickets
8.57pm	Australia wins by eight wickets
8.55pm	Final crowd of 16,342
7.26pm	WICKET: Inglis is out
7.13pm	‘You’re a long way from shore’: Batting whisperer on what Labuschagne must do to recapture best
7.06pm	Inglis reaches 50
7.00pm	Inglis firing away
6.39pm	WICKET: Head gone first over
Hide key posts
Posts area
LATEST

5 of 6

OLDEST
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 3.36pm On Feb 2, 2024
West Indies still swinging

Hodge and Carty are still playing all the strokes despite their side already being three wickets down.

Retired superstar Brian Lara has urged his countrymen to play shots that offer up less chances to be dismissed and “graft out an innings” but it feels like a case of when, not if the next wicket falls.

Morris is back for his second spell and Cameron Green has bowled an over of seamers.

West Indies 3-59 with Carty on 26 and Hodge on 11.

Lance Morris bowls to Keacy Carty.
CREDIT:
AP

 3.19pm On Feb 2, 2024
Patidar makes debut as India bats first against England

Batter Rajat Patidar earned his first test cap as part of three changes India have made for the second test against England starting on Friday as the hosts bid for a series-levelling victory.

Home captain Rohit Sharma, who elected to bat after winning the toss in Visakhapatnam, said they were ready to bounce back from the narrow defeat in the opening test.

Yashasvi Jaiswal hits a boundary for India.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

Rubbing salt into the wounds of that 28-run loss in Hyderabad, batter KL Rahul and all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja sustained injuries that kept them out of the second test.

Patidar and left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav were drafted in to replace Rahul and Jadeja, while Mukesh Kumar was included in place of fellow seamer Mohammed Siraj.

“What happened in Hyderabad, we’ll take some positives and move quickly on,” Rohit said at the toss.

“We didn’t show the same intent with the bat in the second innings in Hyderabad. Hopefully we can correct our errors and not repeat them.”

India are also without stalwart Virat Kohli, who is unavailable for the first two tests due to personal reasons.

England named their starting 11 on Thursday, giving Shoaib Bashir his test debut replacing the injured Jack Leach, while James Anderson came in for Mark Wood as their lone seam bowler.

“It was a great week but we’ve got that out of our minds now,” England captain Ben Stokes said.

“We know that India will come back hard at us. It’s a new week, a new game.”

India: Yashasvi Jaiswal, Rohit Sharma (captain), Shubman Gill, Rajat Patidar, Shreyas Iyer, Srikar Bharat (wicketkeeper), Ravichandran Ashwin, Axar Patel, Jasprit Bumrah, Mukesh Kumar, Kuldeep Yadav

England: Zak Crawley, Ben Duckett, Ollie Pope, Joe Root, Jonny Bairstow, Ben Stokes (captain), Ben Foakes (wicketkeeper), Rehan Ahmed, Tom Hartley, Shoaib Bashir, James Anderson

Reuters

 3.13pm On Feb 2, 2024
WICKET: Bartlett gets his third

Bartlett has his third wicket and Hope is gone.

Huge wicket for Australia with Hope driving on the up and edging into the slips.

West Indies are in big trouble now with Hope gone for 12.

WI 3-37 from 9.5 overs.

Advertisement
 3.04pm On Feb 2, 2024
Hope takes a liking to Abbott

Windies skipper Shai Hope has taken a liking to seamer Sean Abbott hitting his first over for eight runs.

Hope’s drive for four to end the over was his best shot so far, Abbott has replaced Morris in the attack and will want to find a better length next over.

WI 2-29 (Hope 11, Carty 12).

Shai Hope.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 2.53pm On Feb 2, 2024
Pictured: Bartlett’s first pole

Justin Greaves is bowled by Xavier Bartlett.
CREDIT:
AP

 2.51pm On Feb 2, 2024
WICKET: Bartlett gets his second wicket

Athanaze went looking for the inswinger and Barlett gave him the outswinger and he was caught behind.

Inglis kept his distance but still celebrated his catch.

Bartlett has 2-1.

West Indies 2-17.

Advertisement
 2.48pm On Feb 2, 2024
Fun fact

The last time Australia had two debutantes opening the bowling was 1975 with Alan Hurst and Jeff Thomson according to Fox Cricket.

Morris and Bartlett have made a good fist of their early overs although they have given up a couple of boundaries as well.

 2.38pm On Feb 2, 2024
WICKET: Barlett bowls Greaves

Xavier Bartlett has bowled Justin Greaves with the third ball of his ODI career.

He is over-joyed and has come up with a cracking ball that he moved and shot into the off-stump.

“He would have dreamt of that ball last night - how would I like to get my first wicket?” Mark Waugh said during commentary.

WI 1-6

 2.34pm On Feb 2, 2024
Not many in the crowd
By
Andrew Wu

Perfect weather for cricket today in Melbourne.

Unfortunately, there’s not many in the crowds.

Thirty years ago, we’d have close to a full house. Today, there’s plenty of free real estate up in the stands.

Justin Greaves thought he had another wicket late on day three.
CREDIT:
GETTY

There wouldn’t be many more than 5000 here for the national anthems.

Steve Smith won the toss and sent the West Indies in on what looks to be a lovely batting wicket.

As expected, the hosts have left out local boys Will Sutherland and Jake Fraser-McGurk (he started his career in Victoria), with pacemen Xavier Bartlett and Lance Morris ODI cap numbers 244 and 245 respectively for Australia.

The West Indies have a vastly different XI to the teams they picked for the Tests.

Only Justin Greaves, Alick Athanaze and Kavem Hodge remain from their upset at the Gabba.

 2.30pm On Feb 2, 2024
Inglis keeps distance - literally

Josh Inglis looked like he was in the naughty corner or something during the anthems and welcome to country as he stood several long paces away from the rest of his teammates, several of whom looked over at him and laughed sheepishly.

Inglis has COVID-19 but is able to play as long as he keeps his distance from his teammates while on field.

Play about to begin with debutante Lance Morris taking the ball first.

LATEST

5 of 6

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I’ll do everything I can’: Kyrgios speaks out as fresh injury threatens his Australian Open
‘You can’t be serious’: Nine lures McEnroe back for Australian Open
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hewitt, Tomic bow out of Australian Open qualifying at the first hurdle
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
‘Bald and old’: World No.33 criticises Djokovic, Murray and Nadal
BACK TO TOP
The Age
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Age
The Sydney Morning Herald
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE AGE
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theage.com.au/sport/cricket/live-mcg-cricket-inglis-to-play-despite-covid-19-as-australia-west-indies-begin-one-day-international-20240201-p5f1ql.html?post=p55mfr 
 ----- 
