Australia cruise to win against Windies before paltry MCG crowd of 16,342

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportCricketAustralian cricket

This was published 11 months ago

Australia cruise to win against Windies before paltry MCG crowd of 16,342
By
Andrew Wu
February 2, 2024 — 9.23pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
55

View all comments

When Steve Smith was a toddler, a one-day international between Australia and West Indies at the MCG would have been the hottest ticket in town.

On Friday, a sparse crowd of 16,342 that could have fit inside the venue even if socially distanced saw Smith lead the undermanned world champions to a humdrum victory against an even more depleted former world power in a game void of context and any real meaning.

The crowd comfortably bettered the record-low turnout of 10,406 in November 2022 but even with the conspiring factors of school having resumed, a workday fixture and the start of the World Cup cycle, the attendance was disappointing and well below the 20,000-plus Cricket Australia had privately been hoping for.

Steve Smith powers a shot on the on side.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

The floodlights had barely taken effect when Josh Inglis, who had tested positive to COVID-19 on Thursday, broke the back of a modest run chase of 232 with a whirlwind 65 off 43 balls before Smith and Cameron Green finished what they could not a few days earlier at the Gabba.

Advertisement

There has been much optimism in West Indies cricket after their epic Test win, but performances like this – an eight-wicket defeat with 69 balls to spare – this is a sobering reminder of how much ground the Calypso Kings must make up. The early feedback from skipper Shai Hope should be confronting for his team.

Xavier Bartlett powers down a delivery.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

“We probably need to show a bit more intent and just be up for the fight,” Hope said. “We’re playing in their backyard, they’re not going to just roll over and allow us to score freely and win games.”

The hosts fielded just five players from the XI that won the World Cup final, including the first-choice pace trio of Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood, but such is their depth they found a 25-year-old debutant, Xavier Bartlett, who produced a performance that required the history books for perspective.

Called into the squad after Jhye Richardson and Nathan Ellis were injured, Barlett is nominally at best the seventh quick in the pecking order, also behind Sean Abbott, who had been a non-playing member in the World Cup squad.

Advertisement

Bartlett’s 4-17, off nine overs, was the second-best return by an Australian male on ODI debut, bettered only by paceman turned selector Tony Dodemaide, who claimed 5-21 against Sri Lanka 36 years ago during the 50-over format’s heyday.

Dodemaide, incidentally, was the person who told Bartlett earlier this week he would become Australia’s 244th male ODI player.

“It definitely eases the nerves to get that first wicket out of the way and to get it down with a decent ball’s always nice,” Bartlett said. “[You] just want to get the first ball out of the way and, hopefully, it’s not five wides.”

Australia also had the luxury of calling a player of Green’s ability off the bench. The all-rounder, who is good enough to be in the starting XI of almost every other international team, backed up his 2-40 with 77 off 104 balls, in an encouraging sign leading into the Test tour of New Zealand.

Green and Smith, who struck a fluent run-a-ball 79, denied each other the chance to make a hundred while putting on an unbeaten 149 for the third wicket.

Cameron Green hits out.
CREDIT:
AP

The Windies may have plucked Shamar Joseph from obscurity, but it’s the talent they cannot keep in the maroon which is holding them back.

The regional team, which failed to qualify for last year’s World Cup, was missing at least six, perhaps seven, of their best XI, including Joseph, Nicholas Pooran, Jason Holder and Kyle Mayers – the latter three unavailable due to commitments on the T20 circuit.

“One thing I always say, you miss the performance, not necessarily the player,” Hope said.

RELATED ARTICLE
Australian cricket
As it happened MCG cricket: Australia beats West Indies by eight wickets as Smith, Green star with the bat

“People can misunderstand that comment. You can have all the players in the world but if you’re hitting your straps then what’s the point? It’s about trying to get the guys to understand they all belong.”

Their innings was hamstrung by Bartlett, who struck with just his third delivery amid a game-setting opening spell of 3-10 from six overs.

Their best period came during a 110-run partnership for the fifth wicket between all-rounder Roston Chase and Keacy Carty.

Carty left a maiden international ton on the table, or rather had it taken from him, when he was sacrificed on 88 by Hayden Walsh, who called him through for an impossible single only for Sean Abbott to hit the stumps with the Windies batter so far out he did not even bother to dive.

The run-out during the West Indies innings.

Save
Share
License this article
Australian cricket
ODI
Mitchell Starc
Pat Cummins
West Indies
Andrew Wu writes on cricket and AFL for The AgeConnect via Twitter or email.
55

View all comments

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I don’t care. I’m doing it my way’: Luai on clauses, critics and life in the Tigers jungle
OpinionPoor Test nations are dying – but I have a solution
‘You can’t be serious’: Nine lures McEnroe back for Australian Open
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
FROM OUR PARTNERS
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/australia-cruise-to-win-against-west-indies-before-paltry-crowd-of-16-342-20240202-p5f22w.html 
 ----- 
