HOME
LATEST
INDIA
ANALYSIS
LIFESTYLE
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
CITIES
TECH
BIZ
HEALTH
VIDEOS
LIVE TV
MORE
TRENDING
Mahakumbh 2025
Mirae Asset MF
HMPV Virus
Delhi Election 2025 Date
Beating Retreat Tickets
Horoscope Prediction for 2025
UNESCO World Heritage Sites
HMPV Virus Cases Tracker
Hindu Calendar 2025
Tamil Calendar 2025
Malayalam Calendar 2025
Marathi Calendar 2025
Join News9 on WhatsApp
CRICKET NEWS
Australia vs West Indies ODI Series: Schedule, Squads, Venues, Live Streaming & Telecast Details
Australia and West Indies lock horns in the three-match ODI series starting from February 2 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Sumit Channa Published: 31 Jan 2024 15:13:PM

New Delhi: After an exciting two-match Test series, Australia and West Indies lock horns in the ODI series starting from February 2, Friday. Australia registered a commanding 10-wicket win over the visitors in the first Test match at Adelaide while the West Indies bounced back terrifically in the second Test match registering an exceptional 8-run win in Brisbane.

After the commencement of the ODI leg of the white-ball series, both the sides take part in the T20I leg which will mark the culmination of the tour. After their outing in the longest format of the game, both the sides shift gears towards the one-day format where they will need to alter their way of playing. While the hosts would want to begin the series with a win, the visitors too would love to continue their dominance they displayed in the last Test match.

ALSO READ
Mayank Agarwal set to be discharged, but won’t be able to speak for 48 hours after consuming ‘poisonous liquid’ on flight
Mayank Agarwal Health update: Agartala hospital says Indian cricketer clinically stable
Haven’t spoken to my son for the last 5-6 months, says Shikhar Dhawan
Australia vs West Indies ODI Squads 2024

Australia ODI Squad: Steve Smith (captain), Travis Head, Sean Abbott, Xavier Bartlett, Jake Fraser-McGurk, Cameron Green, Aaron Hardie, Josh Inglis (wicketkeeper), Marnus Labuschagne, Lance Morris, Matt Short, Adam Zampa, Will Sutherland.

West Indies ODI Squad: Shai Hope (captain/wicketkeeper), Alzarri Joseph, Alick Athanaze, Teddy Bishop, Keacy Carty, Roston Chase, Matthew Forde, Justin Greaves, Kavem Hodge, Tevin Imlach, Gudakesh Motie, Kjorn Ottley, Romario Shepherd, Oshane Thomas, Hayden Walsh Jr.

Australia vs West Indies ODI schedule- When to watch AUS vs WI ODI matches?

First ODI – Friday, February 2, 2024 at the MCG, Melbourne. Match starts at 9 AM IST.

Second ODI: Sunday, February 4 2024 at the SCG, Sydney. Match starts at 9 AM IST.

Third ODI: Tuesday, February 6 2024 at the Manuka Oval, Canberra. Match starts at 9 AM IST.

Live Streaming & Telecast Details of Australia vs West Indies ODI matches

The Australia vs West Indies ODI series will be broadcast live on the Star Sports Network in India. For the fans who won’t be able to travel to the stadium for the games, they can tune into Disney + Hotstar as the series will be live streamed on it.

Click for more latest Cricket news. Also get top headlines and latest news from India and around the world at News9.

Sumit Channa

A professional career of over 12 years in the digital media sector, I have been an ardent follower of news, with sports atop my priority table. Have been fortunate enough to have my professional stints with some of the most reputed media organizations in the country like ESPN, Sony Six, Zee Media Corporation and NDTV. Enjoy working on meaningful stories that bring you to the edge of your seat. Believe in the concept of 'power of a good header' in a story and try to strongly abide by it. When I am not working, sports, good music, a long car drive and good food keep me engaged.

Read More
News Sports News Cricket News Australia Vs West Indies ODI Series: Schedule, Squads, Venues, Live Streaming & Telecast Details News
Latest Stories
Special lights on Dehradun-Delhi expressway to protect wildlife and reduce human impact
Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2025: Top quotes for NRI Day celebration
Zuckerberg scraps Meta’s fact-checking in aid of ‘free speech’, is it the ‘Right’ move?
Next Article
Follow Us On Social Media
NEWS9LIVE CHANNEL
Latest News
MORE
Uttarakhand: Special lights on Dehradun-Delhi expressway to protect wildlife and reduce human impact
Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2025: Top quotes for NRI Day celebration
Zuckerberg scraps Meta’s fact-checking in aid of ‘free speech’, is it the ‘Right’ move?
Elon Musk's father hints son’s interest in Premier League football club ownership
PSEB 10th, 12th practical exams 2025 schedule released; check dates here
Photo Gallery
MORE
OnePlus 13 vs OnePlus 13R: 5 big differences - which one to choose?
Eternal love captured: Stunning Radha Krishna images in HD
Winter Storm Blair: Millions impacted by US snow, ice & cold | In Pics
Deepika Padukone’s birthday glow: 8 photos that show her radiant boldness
OnePlus 13R vs OnePlus 12R: Quick comparison ahead of launch
Network
TV9Hindi.com
TV9Marathi.com
TV9Telugu.com
TV9Kannada.com
TV9Bangla.com
TV9Gujarati.com
TV9Punjabi.com
AssamTV9.com
MalayalamTV9.com
TamilTV9.com
Trends9.com
Money9.com
News9Plus.com
State & City News
Andhra Pradesh
Bengaluru
Delhi
Hyderabad
Karnataka
Kerala
Mumbai
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Entertainment
Bigg Boss
Bollywood
Hollywood
Movie Reviews
OTT
Regional Cinema
Television
Lifestyle
Beauty
Fashion
Food & Drink
Relationships
Spirituality
Travel
Fitness
Sports
Cricket
Olympics
UFC
WWE
Kabaddi
Football
Tennis
Other Sports
Popular Categories
India
Technology
Auto
Education / Career
Business
Viral
Crime
Opinion & Analysis
Videos
Photos
Web Stories
Trending Topics
Mahakumbh 2025
Mirae Asset MF
HMPV Virus
Delhi Election 2025 Date
Beating Retreat Tickets
Horoscope Prediction for 2025
UNESCO World Heritage Sites
HMPV Virus Cases Tracker
Hindu Calendar 2025
Tamil Calendar 2025
Malayalam Calendar 2025
Marathi Calendar 2025
Join News9 on WhatsApp
Follow Us
Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Privacy & Cookies Notice Complaint Redressal
Copyright © 2025 News9 Live. All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news9live.com/sports/cricket-news/australia-vs-west-indies-odi-series-schedule-squads-venues-live-streaming-telecast-details-2424423 
 ----- 
