Skip to content
Subscribe Now
56°F
Saturday, December 28th 2024

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Local News
Local News
Long Beach
Los Angeles
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Chargers
Rams
Lakers
Clippers
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Long Beach State sports
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Amusement Parks
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
The Grunion
The Grunion
News
Education
Sports
Things to Do
Opinion
E-Edition
Advertising
Contact Us
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Press-Telegram Store
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log In

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
SPORTSSOCCERNews
Euro 2024: Netherlands comes back to stun Turkey
The Dutch rally for a 2-1 victory and a European Championship semifinal berth against England on Wednesday
Cody Gakpo of the Netherlands, right, celebrates after scoring a goal that was later considered as an own goal by Turkey’s Mert Muldur, during a quarterfinal match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament Saturday, July 6, 2024, in Berlin, Germany. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
PUBLISHED: July 6, 2024 at 2:25 PM PST

BERLIN — The Netherlands came from behind to beat Turkey 2-1 on Saturday and book its place in the European Championship semifinals.

An own goal from Mert Muldur in the 76th minute, only six after Stefan De Vrij canceled Samet Akaydin’s first-half header for Turkey, was enough for the Dutch in the last of the quarterfinals.

The Netherlands will face England in the second semifinal in Dortmund on Wednesday. Spain faces France in the first on Tuesday.

Turkey was without defender Merih Demiral, who was suspended for two matches by UEFA for making a nationalistic hand gesture after scoring in Tuesday’s 2-1 win over Austria. The gesture is used by Turkish nationalists and associated with an ultra-nationalist group.

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was at the game after he changed his plans because of the diplomatic row with Germany over Demiral’s gesture.

German interior minister Nancy Faeser had said Demiral used his celebration “as a platform for racism” and federal minister Cem Özdemir, a German politician of Turkish descent, said the gesture “stands for terror, fascism.”

Many Turkish fans made the gesture on their way to Berlin’s Olympiastadion, and again during Turkey’s national anthem before the game.

The Dutch made a better start, but Turkey’s defenders dug in to limit the impact of Cody Gapko, Xavi Simons and Memphis Depay. Turkey lined up with five at the back without the ball, as it had in the win against Austria, and gradually improved.

Akaydin rewarded a period of Turkish pressure by scoring in the 35th. Arda Guler delivered a butter-soft cross for the defender to head in off the underside of the crossbar.

It set off wild celebrations among Turkey’s coaching staff and fans. Guler was swamped in the coaching area with hugs, while fans in the west end of the stadium set off flares. Most stayed standing after the goal.

Turkish supporters greatly outnumbered their orange-clad counterparts in a city that’s home to a large community of people with Turkish roots. Most are descendants of Turkish “guest workers” who arrived in what was West Germany to help rebuild the post-war economy. Germany is home to some 3 million Turks or people with Turkish roots, making them the country’s largest ethnic minority, and the team has enjoyed fevered support at Euro 2024.

The Dutch pushed for an equalizer before the break to a chorus of whistles.

Dutch coach Ronald Koeman, who won Euro ’88 as a player with the Netherlands, reacted at the break by sending on big forward Wout Weghorst for Steven Bergwijn.

RELATED ARTICLES
LAFC re-signs Marlon Santos
LAFC lands free agent Jeremy Ebobisse
Angel City FC signs Macey Hodge, the SEC Midfielder of the Year
Galaxy selects Michigan’s Jason Bucknor in first round of MLS SuperDraft
Angel City FC trades Rocky Rodriguez; Katie Johnson retires

Weghorst’s presence gave the Dutch wingers a target, leading to a period of intense pressure.

Guler hit the post with a free kick, but it was an isolated effort as Dutch pressure continued.

It finally paid off in the 70th when De Vrij was left free to head in Depay’s cross.

Suddenly the Dutch supporters could be heard again, and they were cheering again six minutes later when Gapko forced the own goal from Muldur by getting in front of the defender to Denzel Dumfries’ low cross.

Around the Web
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking Nevada by Storm!
Libiyi
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Nevada: Say Bye to Your Car Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Otto Quotes
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This
Sugar Defender
Here's Why Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bathroom Remodel Service
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Premium Nail Clippers for Seniors: Expertly Designed
Ribili
Put a Ziplock Bag Over Your Car Mirror at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer, Then This Happens
hightally
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? the Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Las Vegas: Brand New Senior 2-bed Apartments for $150/month - Peek Inside
Senior Living
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Never Put Mustard in Your Fridge, Here's Why
Life Hacks Garden
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Dangerous Signs That You Have Psoriatic Arthritis (Click Here to Take a Look!)
Psoriatic Arthritis
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Painlessly in Seconds!
Ribili
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Vertigo & Dizziness? Do This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
These Cars Will Last 250,000 Miles - is Yours on This List
housinglover
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Brighten Up Your Nevada Dining Room With a Cordless Table Lamp
Ribili
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Las Vegas Residents Raving About This Portable Bird Lamp
Ribili
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Saving Accounts
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
First Bipolar Symptom Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quick Test)
Bipolar Test
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Chiropractor: the Best Way to Relieve Back Pain After 50 (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Back Health
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List!
Lab Diamonds
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation That Will Change Everything!
Tardive
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Sportscaster Greg Gumbel dies from cancer at age 78
2nd human leg found at Palos Verdes Estates shoreline 2 days after fishermen go missing
These new California laws will go into effect in 2025
The government’s new furnace and water heater rules are coming for you
COVID pregnancies may have boosted autism risk, UCLA study shows
Rose Parade Route 2025: Here’s the Jan. 1 event’s 5.5-mile path through Pasadena
1955 CHP-style car stolen from San Bernardino business
Want to rehab your historic home? This Long Beach program could help with the cost
Press-Telegram Girls Volleyball Dream Team: Long Beach Poly’s Kristen Dear is the player of the year
SoCal residents test their luck as Mega Millions lottery reaches $1.2 billion on Friday
LA sees drop in unsheltered homelessness amid 18% increase nationwide
Police officer fires at suspect armed with pellet gun in North Long Beach
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Body found in wheel well of plane from Chicago to Maui
How Diddy and Luigi Mangione spent Christmas in Brooklyn jail
Massive invasive python is freed into the Palm Beach County wilderness. Here’s why
‘Baby Driver’ actor Hudson Meek dead at 16
Pregnant woman stabbed multiple times by pizza deliverer disgruntled about tip, sheriff says
MORE IN SOCCER
LAFC re-signs Marlon Santos
LAFC lands free agent Jeremy Ebobisse
Angel City FC signs Macey Hodge, the SEC Midfielder of the Year
Galaxy selects Michigan’s Jason Bucknor in first round of MLS SuperDraft
2024
July
6
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Work With Us
Newspapers in Education
Worship Directory
Press Telegram Store
ABOUT PRESS TELEGRAM
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Partners
Local Job Board
Live Traffic Map
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Legals
Obituary
LB City Guide
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.presstelegram.com/2024/07/06/euro-2024-netherlands-comes-back-to-stun-turkey/ 
 ----- 
