Skip to main content
LIVE
CTV News Channel
(OPENS IN A NEW TAB)
SEARCH CTVNEWS.CA
Search
NEWS
VIDEO
LOCAL
SHOWS
ABOUT
SHOPPING TRENDS
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
News
UEFA suspends Turkey player Merih Demiral for 2 games for making nationalistic gesture at Euro 2024
Turkey's Merih Demiral celebrates after scoring goal during match between Austria and Turkey at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Leipzig, Germany, Tuesday, July 2, 2024. (Ebrahim Noroozi / AP Photo)
ADVERTISEMENT
Ciarán Fahey
The Associated Press
Staff
Contact
Updated July 6, 2024 9:36 p.m. GMT
Published July 5, 2024 4:38 p.m. GMT
Share
BERLIN -

 UEFA suspended Turkey player Merih Demiral for two matches on Friday for making a controversial hand gesture at the European Championship, an incident that has led to a diplomatic row between Turkiye and host nation Germany.

 

ADVERTISEMENT

The ban rules Demiral out of his team’s quarterfinal against the Netherlands on Saturday, and the semifinal, should Turkey progress.

RELATED STORIES
Turkiye summons German ambassador to protest criticism of 'Gray Wolf' goal celebration
Demiral's double helps Turkey beat Austria 2-1 to set up Euro 2024 quarterfinal vs. the Netherlands
France into Euro 2024 quarterfinals after Muani's late goal beats Belgium 1-0
Must See: David scores Canada's first goal of Copa America
(opens in a new tab)

The Turkish Football Federation joined Turkish government officials in denouncing the suspension but said it can't appeal against it because it's under the three-game threshold. The leader of Turkey's nationalist party called on the team to boycott Saturday's game and return home unless UEFA's "shameful decision" is reversed.

After scoring his second goal in Turkey's round-of-16 win over Austria on Tuesday, Demiral made a sign with each hand that is used by Turkish nationalists and associated with the Turkish ultra-nationalist organization Ulku Ocaklari, which is more widely known as the Gray Wolves.

"We consider it unfair this ban, because that was not a political gesture. It was interpreted as such, but it was just something that was not properly understood," Turkey coach Vincenzo Montella said.

"But this will not put a brake on Turkish pride. Actually, we will be more passionate, more proud. We want to be make the country proud. And I'm sure we will all be highly motivated. And this goes for the fans as well."

Demiral had said it was an innocent expression of national pride and that he was hoping he'd have "more opportunities to do the same gesture again."

But it was condemned as “racism” by German interior minister Nancy Faeser, and Cem Özdemir, a German politician of Turkish descent, said the gesture “stands for terror, fascism.”

Their comments led to a harsh rebuke from Turkish authorities and the summoning of the German ambassador on Wednesday.

UEFA said it banned Demiral "for failing to comply with the general principles of conduct, for violating the basic rules of decent conduct, for using sports events for manifestations of a non-sporting nature and for bringing the sport of football into disrepute."

Speaking before the decision, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who changed plans to visit Azerbaijan so he can attend Saturday's quarterfinal, said the 26-year-old defender merely expressed his "excitement" after his second goal.

Federation president Mehmet Buyukeksi denounced the decision as being politically motivated and accused UEFA of "double standards."

"When compared to the fines and suspended penalties for much more serious offenses, including racist behavior in the stands, this two-match ban is hugely disproportionate," Hurriyet newspaper quoted Buyukeksi as saying.

Buyukeksi denied Turkish media reports that his federation would take the issue to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, saying the appeals channel was closed for less than three-match suspensions.

"Our right to appeal has been taken away from us with the two-match penalty," he said.

Turkiye's Foreign Ministry said the decision "has reinforced the view that there is an increase in the tendency to act with prejudice against foreigners in certain European countries."

Top sports headlines, all in one place

The Gray Wolves group was founded as the youth wing of Turkiye’s far-right Nationalist Movement Party, or MHP, which is currently in an alliance with Erdogan’s ruling Justice and Development Party. In the decades following its founding in the 1960s, the group was accused of involvement in politically motivated violence, mostly against leftist groups.

MHP leader Devlet Bahceli said if UEFA’s “shameful decision” is not reversed, the team should skip Saturday's game.

“At this stage, it is a moral and national expectation that our national football team does not play in the Netherlands match and in this way, displays its democratic protest," he said.

Associated Press writer Suzan Fraser in Ankara, Turkiye, contributed to this report.

Report an error
Editorial standards & policies
Why you can trust CTV News
SHOPPING TRENDS

The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Here Are All The Best Amazon Boxing Day Deals You Can Find On Beauty Products In Canada
These Walking Pads Will Help You Get 10,000 Steps Every Day (And They're On Sale In The Name Of Boxing Day)
10 Family Calendars And Planners That'll Help You Keep Track Of Everything In The New Year
HOME
If You're Headed Somewhere Warm On Vacation, Don't Forget To Pack These 16 Things
Our Guide To The Best Snow Shovels In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them)
14 Of The Best Home Security Devices You Can Find Online Right Now (And They've Got The Reviews To Prove It)
GIFTS
The Clock Is Ticking — Shop These 25 Last-Minute Amazon Prime Gifts Now
If You Have An Amazon Prime Account, These 70+ Crowd-Pleasing Gifts Will Still Arrive Before Christmas
If You Have An Amazon Prime Account, These 50 Brilliant Stocking Stuffers Will Still Arrive Before Christmas
BEAUTY
20 Products Your Dry, Dehydrated Skin Will Thank You For Ordering
14 Hydrating Face Masks That’ll Save Your Skin This December
12 Budget-Friendly Products To Add To Your Winter Skincare Routine
DEALS
11 Bestselling Coffee Makers And Espresso Machines You Can Get On Sale Right Now
Don’t Walk, Run! These LEGO Kits Are On Sale For Boxing Day 2024
The Waterpik Advanced Water Flosser Will Make Cleaning Your Teeth So Much Easier — And It's 41% Off For Boxing Day
TOP VIDEOS

9-year-old girl dead in five-vehicle pileup in Calgary

Cat dies from B.C.-sold pet food infected with bird flu

N.S. lacrosse player suspended after fight with spectators

Trump's taunting of Trudeau is 'deeply personal': analyst

Alberta Premier Danielle Smith reflects on 2024

Good Samaritan murdered after going to help man with car

Dad, young daughter killed after head-on crash in N.B.

Fire breaks out at popular New York City holiday market

Experts concerned about possible bird flu spread in humans

Drones help find elderly man missing in Calif. hills

Infant rescued after being abandoned in car seat on street

WATCH: Drone helps lure this stranded dog off frozen lake

Latvia upsets Canada 3-2 at the World Juniors

Conservatives set to move non-confidence motion in 2025

India alleges trafficking of students through Canada to U.S.

Tips on the best ways to tackle difficult holiday stains

Thieves plow car into Montreal jewelry store during robbery

NASA spacecraft survives closest-ever approach to the sun

Year in review: Canada’s best summer Olympics performances

Collision with stolen car leads to girl dead in Calgary

Movie reviews: 'Better Man' a 'strange…but really good' film

Beware of products sold via social media feeds: Here's why

Cost-of-living crisis still an issue for many across Canada

Fla. woman stabbed 14 times over bad pizza delivery tip

Memorial marks 20 years since powerful tsunami in Thailand

Two dead in separate incidents during Australian yacht race

'Common courtesy': Good Samaritans recall harrowing rescue

How you can protect yourself from illness over the holidays

Tow truck driver killed in Christmas Eve hit-and-run

King Charles thanks health workers in his Christmas message

Here's how to save money on travel, despite the weak dollar

Que. teen donates Make-A-Wish to back to his community

'Shoppers are ready to spend' on Boxing Day: analyst

Aerials show massive sinkhole on I-80 highway in New Jersey

Syrian clashes 'the remnants' of Assad regime unrest: Fraser

Listen as the Notre Dame choir returns for Christmas mass

Server in Iowa given US$1,700 tip right before Christmas

Looking back at a year of twists and turns for PM Trudeau

Thief cuts bike lock in front of onlookers in Vancouver

Trump says he told Wayne Gretzky to run for Prime Minister

Russia accused of targeting Azerbaijan Airlines plane

McIntosh named Canadian Press female athlete of the year

Montreal man killed in Florida boat explosion

'Such an incredible ride': Katzberg reflects on Olympics

Hamas, Israel blame each other for ceasefire delay

Russia launches Christmas Day attack on Ukraine

Toronto podcast host calls random numbers in Atlantic Canada

Rare bottle of scotch worth $55K on sale in Moncton, N.B.

Griswold, eat your heart out: Ont. man's Xmas lights delight

Two Canadians face warrants, bounties from Hong Kong

CTVNEWS.CA TOP STORIES
Putin apologizes to Azerbaijan's Aliyev over 'tragic incident' with plane in Russian airspace

Russia's Vladimir Putin on Saturday apologized to Azerbaijan's president for a 'tragic incident' which happened in Russian airspace involving an Azerbaijan Airlines passenger plane that crashed after air defenses were used against Ukrainian drones.

1 hour ago

G2 driver stopped going more than 100 km/h over the speed limit on Hwy. 401 in eastern Ontario

1 hour ago

How some men are trying to fight online misogyny amid 'your body, my choice' rhetoric

1 hour ago

Trudeau, Carney push back over Trump's ongoing 51st state comments

MAGA opponents of Elon Musk claim he stripped them of their X badges

1 hour ago

Vancouver artist and HIV advocate Joe Average dies at 67

Carjacking suspects impersonated police, left victim stranded on 401 on Christmas Day: OPP

Toronto police searching for missing elopee

Uninspired Canada upset by Latvia in a shootout at world juniors

MUST WATCH

Fire breaks out at popular New York City holiday market

Missing dog's Christmas Eve return caught on doorbell camera

NASA spacecraft survives closest-ever approach to the sun

Why this 'unholy' bagel is leaving many in Montreal divided

Tips on the best ways to tackle difficult holiday stains

Every year this waterfall freezes like a Christmas tree

This couple surprised their guests by rapping wedding vows

'Such an incredible ride': Katzberg reflects on Olympics

WATCH: Crews rescue deer from icy waters on Christmas Day

Server in Iowa given US$1,700 tip right before Christmas

Massive waterspout forms over Texas lake

A look at a dramatic year in the entertainment industry

MOST READ
skip MOST Read list
1
Azerbaijan plane crash: Putin apologizes for 'tragic incident'
2
Canada-U.S. relations: Trudeau, Carney on 51st state
3
Online anti-misogyny: Influencers seek to counter 'your body, my choice'
4
Elon Musk's MAGA rivals say he restricted their social media
5
Dangerous driving: Eastern Ontario driver, 17, clocked 201 km/h on Hwy. 401
6
Changes coming to Quebec in 2025
7
'Home Alone' house: How the McCallisters afforded it
8
B.C. man who flipped 14 homes fined $2M for tax evasion
9
Missing dog returns to family on Christmas Eve, rings doorbell
10
Azerbaijan Airlines plane crash: Prelim report on cause
11
OPP: carjacking suspects impersonated police
CANADA
G2 driver stopped going more than 100 km/h over the speed limit on Hwy. 401 in eastern Ontario

1 hour ago

Tugboats, crews try to refloat ship stuck in St. Lawrence River near Montreal

Carjacking suspects impersonated police, left victim stranded on 401 on Christmas Day: OPP

Montreal SPCA at full capacity amid spike in pet surrenders

'Unity': Assembly of First Nations National Chief Cindy Woodhouse Nepinak sums up 2024

4 hours ago

Vancouver artist and HIV advocate Joe Average dies at 67

WORLD
Putin apologizes to Azerbaijan's Aliyev over 'tragic incident' with plane in Russian airspace

1 hour ago

MAGA opponents of Elon Musk claim he stripped them of their X badges

1 hour ago

Italian journalist Cecilia Sala detained by police while reporting in Iran

New York correctional officers pummelled handcuffed man before death, footage shows

UPDATED | Afghan forces target Pakistan in retaliation for deadly airstrikes

30 min ago

An online debate over foreign workers in tech shows tensions in Trump's political coalition

POLITICS
Criminologist says Canada should better track foreign student departures

Gerry Butts says Trudeau less likely to remain leader since Freeland quit

Conservatives call for no-confidence vote by late January

HEALTH
Whooping cough in Canada: Outbreaks or case increases reported in these provinces

Virus in Louisiana bird flu patient shows mutations that could increase transmissibility to humans, CDC analysis finds

Cat food that caused bird-flu death of Oregon pet was distributed in B.C.: officials

SCI-TECH
Why Nefertiti still inspires, 3,300 years after she reigned

NASA spacecraft 'safe' after closest-ever approach to sun

Civil War sword with N.B. ties now on display at Loyalist House

ENTERTAINMENT
'Home Alone' director Chris Columbus explains how the McCallisters were able to afford that house

Judge says woman accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs of raping her at age 13 can proceed anonymously

Bad Bunny announces a new album, 'Debi Tirar Mas Fotos'

BUSINESS
Markets stumble as Wall Street sells off Big Tech

Trump asks U.S. Supreme Court to pause law that could ban TikTok

Montenegro approves the extradition of cryptocurrency mogul Do Kwon to the United States

LIFESTYLE
Proposal gone wrong: Man opens ring box to find ring missing

Missing dog returns to Florida family, rings doorbell

Winning ticket for US$1.22 billion lottery jackpot sold in California, Mega Millions says

2 hours ago

SPORTS
Halifax Thunderbirds player Tyson Bell suspended, cited for assault in Colorado

Uninspired Canada upset by Latvia in a shootout at world juniors

Scheffler to miss tournament after injuring hand making Christmas dinner

AUTOS
Suzuki Motor former boss who turned the minicar maker into a global player dies at 94

More drivers opt for personalized plates in Sask. — and behind every one there's a story

Nissan and Honda to attempt a merger that would create the world's No. 3 automaker

LOCAL SPOTLIGHT
Port Elgin, Ont. woman named Canada's Favourite Crossing Guard

A Port Elgin woman has been named one of three of Canada’s Favourite Crossing Guards in a recent contest.

'Something that connected us all': For 53 years, Sask. family celebrates holidays with street hockey game

B.C woman awarded nearly $750K in court case against contractor

Ho! Ho! HOLY that's cold! Montreal boogie boarder in Santa suit hits St. Lawrence waters

Teen cancer patient pays forward Make-A-Wish donation to local fire department

B.C. friends nab 'unbelievable' $1M lotto win just before Christmas 

'Can I taste it?': Rare $55,000 bottle of spirits for sale in Moncton, N.B.

No need to dream, White Christmas all but assured in the Maritimes

'I'm still thinking pinch me': lost puppy reunited with family after five years

VANCOUVER
Vancouver artist and HIV advocate Joe Average dies at 67

'We're sending a clear message': B.C. prepares for home flipping tax amid criticism

Drivers appeal for road marking visibility improvements on Sea to Sky Highway

TORONTO
Shooting in north Etobicoke sends 1 person to hospital

3 hours ago

Toronto weekend forecast calls for double-digit highs, showers

2 hours ago

MAGA opponents of Elon Musk claim he stripped them of their X badges

1 hour ago

CALGARY
Calgary Boxing Day crash victim identified, mother and sister still in hospital

Albertans watching closely as Ottawa tries to talk down Trump tariffs

'Way more expensive this year': Canadians feeling post-Christmas, Boxing Day spending squeeze

OTTAWA
G2 driver stopped going more than 100 km/h over the speed limit on Hwy. 401 in eastern Ontario

1 hour ago

FREEZING RAIN WARNING | Freezing rain warning in effect for Ottawa this Saturday

2 hours ago

NEW | Here’s what’s next for your Christmas tree

12 min ago

MONTREAL
Here are the changes coming to Quebec in 2025

Montreal SPCA at full capacity amid spike in pet surrenders

Tugboats, crews try to refloat ship stuck in St. Lawrence River near Montreal

EDMONTON
'Way more expensive this year': Canadians feeling post-Christmas, Boxing Day spending squeeze

Cell phone scam costs Edmontonians $600K: EPS

2 teens hospitalized in Christmas Day fire

ATLANTIC
One dead in two-vehicle collision in Sackville, N.B.

'Nobody should have to go through that': N.B. family grieving father, daughter killed in crash

Man found dead inside tent in Dartmouth, police investigating

WINNIPEG
The most-read stories on CTV Winnipeg in 2024

2 hours ago

Downtown Winnipeg a hub for research, baking and milling at Cereals Canada

Thousands of hockey players descend on Winnipeg for annual holiday competition

REGINA
Regina police chief says new initiatives to enhance community safety will come in 2025

'Something that connected us all': For 53 years, Sask. family celebrates holidays with street hockey game

Regina police launch homicide investigation after injured man dies at scene

KITCHENER
Fire rips through former Peter Hay Knife Company building in Cambridge

Influx of dogs in need, Waterloo Region dog rescue says

Chicopee Ski Resort opens, celebrates 90th anniversary

SASKATOON
The thrill is gone from Boxing Week shopping, Saskatoon residents say

Saskatoon sees return of normal winter conditions

Calgary woman killed in Saskatchewan highway crash

NORTHERN ONTARIO
Five southern Ont. hunters fined $37K for moose hunt offences in northern Ont.

Gerry Butts says Trudeau less likely to remain leader since Freeland quit

Five-vehicle crash closes Hwy. 11 in New Liskeard

LONDON
UPDATED | Power restored in east London following outage, police investigating crash

35 min ago

NEW | Ending the year with above seasonal temperatures

17 min ago

Despite best efforts, Cowan and Knights couldn't help Canada past Latvia at World Juniors

BARRIE
Driver faces licence suspension after nearly crashing into OPP cruiser

'No excuse,' Driver caught speeding 160km/h in posted 80 zone: OPP

Are your bins still at the curb? Here are the changes to curbside collection

WINDSOR
VIDEO | Vehicle flipped on its roof in west Windsor collision

NEW | Weekend forecast calling for double-digit highs and possible showers

8 min ago

Carjacking suspects impersonated police, left victim stranded on 401 on Christmas Day: OPP

VANCOUVER ISLAND
'We're sending a clear message': B.C. prepares for home flipping tax amid criticism

Former B.C. lawyer disbarred for 2nd time over sexual harassment

2nd earthquake in 3 days reported off Vancouver Island coast

KELOWNA
B.C. team building 100 beaver 'starter homes' in the name of wetland preservation

B.C. man charged with drug trafficking and weapons offences after CBSA investigation

B.C woman awarded nearly $750K in court case against contractor

LETHBRIDGE
Hurricanes trade for Seattle power forward Jordan Gustafson as second half of WHL season set to go

2024 second-highest visitation season for Waterton Lakes National Park

Lethbridge teen found dead outside business on Boxing Day

SAULT STE. MARIE
Man shot by officer after firing at police car near Thunder Bay: SIU

Alleged impaired driver crashes into police cruiser on Boxing Day

Five southern Ont. hunters fined $37K for moose hunt offences in northern Ont.

N.L.
Icebreaker on hand in Labrador to guide season's last freight arrivals by ferry

Whooping cough in Canada: Outbreaks or case increases reported in these provinces

Her son needed help with addiction. Instead, he's spending Christmas in N.L. jail.

STAY CONNECTED
Search CTV News
Advertise on CTVNews.ca
Political Ads Registry
About CTV Careers
CTV News Stox
Press Room
Editorial Standards & Policies
Contact Us
CTV News AppVideo HelpAccessibilityShopping Trends
Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news
Subscribe to newsletter
CTV NEWS PROGRAMS
CTV National News
Power Play
W5
CTV Question Period
CTV News Channel
LOCAL NEWS
AtlanticBarrieCalgaryEdmontonGuelphKitchenerLethbridgeLondonMontrealNorthern OntarioOttawaPrince AlbertRed DeerReginaSaskatoonTorontoVancouverVancouver IslandWindsorWinnipegYorkton

© 2024  All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/uefa-suspends-turkiye-player-merih-demiral-for-2-games-for-making-nationalistic-gesture-at-euro-2024-1.6953000 
 ----- 
