Menu
Samoa need extra time to get past Tonga in FIFA Men’s World Cup qualifier
 posted in: All Whites, FIFA Men's World Cup, National teams, News, OFC news |

Samoa will join New Zealand’s All Whites in their FIFA Men’s World Cup qualifying group in October.

Samoa have advanced to the second round of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Oceania qualifiers with an extra-time victory over Tonga in Apia.

Main photo: A jubilant Samoa side are through to the second round of Oceania’s FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Photo credit: OFC Media / Shane Wenzlick / Phototek.

A Jefferson Fa’amatau header in stoppage time of the first half of extra time settled a back-and-forth affair and sent Jess Ibrom’s side into Group B when qualifying resumes next month.

It was the home side that dominated for most of the opening half, though were unable to sufficiently test Semisi Otukolo in the Tonga goal.

Nathan Viliamu had a good early chance, reacting first when Otukolo failed to claim a cross from out wide, though the forward was unable to keep his effort down, and the ball sailed over the bar.

Captain Andrew Setefano had two good chances in quick succession to break the deadlock. First, denied by an outstanding close range save by Otukolo, who made himself big to deny the defender from a matter of yards out, before Setefano’s header from a corner was cleared a combination of goalkeeper and crossbar.

Samoa’s Jarvis Vaai breaks through Tongan tackles. Photo credit: OFC Media / Shane Wenzlick / Phototek.

Samoa’s profligacy was punished in the dying minutes of the half, as coach Kilifi Uele’s side grabbed a crucial opening goal.

Ulafala Sonasi was on hand to make the most of the Samoan’s defence’s failure to clear their lines, latching onto a brilliant ball from captain Hemaloto Polovili and finishing well past Paul Taupau.

Samoa reacted well in the early stages of the second period.

Luke Salisbury fired over before Jarvis Vaai smacked an effort against the crossbar from the inside-left position as Jess Ibrom’s side looked for a quick response.

Dauntae Mariner was the next to go close to an equaliser. His left-footed free-kick whistled past Otukolo’s left post with the ‘keeper struggling to get across.

Tonga were content to sit deep and hit on the break, and it almost paid dividends when Sonasi found himself on the edge of the Samoa area, only to shoot tamely at Taupau.

With only minutes left on the clock — and to delight of the increasingly nervous home support — Samoa finally found their leveller.

A corner from the right was headed out as far as Luke Salisbury, and the left back’s looping shot evaded Otuloko, crossing the line via the underside of the crossbar.

It would prove to be the final action of regulation time, as the game headed to extra time, with both sides showing significant signs of fatigue.

With the heat not letting up, both teams could be forgiven for a ponderous extra-time period.

Samoa’s Harry Chote went close, heading centimetres wide from a free-kick when left unattended.

Deep into stoppage time of the first period of extra time, Samoa found the goal they were desperate for.

A free kick on the left from Jarvis Vaai drifted into the box and Jefferson Fa’amatau’s flicked header found a way past Otukolo.

American Samoa enjoyed their first victory in nine years when they beat Cook Islands. Photo credit: OFC Media / Shane Wenzlick / Phototek.
American Samoa beat Cook Islands in friendly

Before the main game, American Samoa secured a first senior men’s victory in nine years, as they overcame Cook Islands 2-1 in an international friendly.

Looking to rebound from the disappointment that both teams experienced on Friday, the sides started slowly, as the first half took time to spark into life.

Ali’i Mitchell broke the deadlock with a minute left in regulation time in the opening period to give Shani Simpson’s side a crucial lead.

Benjamin Stefanon doubled that lead early in the second half before a late Cook Islands goal through Siaosi Kaufononga proved to be nothing more than a consolation.

Acknowledgement

We thank OFC Media for providing information for this story.

Results

Game played on Monday September 9, 2024 

Tonga 1 (Ulafala Sonasi 45+1′)
Samoa 2 (Luke Salisbury 87′, Jefferson Fa’amatau 105+3′)
*After extra time

Friendly international

Cook Islands 1 (Siaosi Kaufononga 83′)
American Samoa 2 (Ali’i Mitchell 44′, Benjamin Stefanon 50′)

American Samoa 0
Samoa 2 (Dilo Tumua 60′ pen, Jarvis Vaai 90+8′)

How the World Cup qualification process works

The FIFA World Cup official draw held in Zurich in July determined two groups of four:

Group A

New Caledonia
Papua New Guinea
Solomon Islands
Fiji

Group B

New Zealand
Tahiti
Vanuatu
Winners of round 1 (Samoa)

Round Two

The FIFA international window in October will see Suva, Fiji host Group A matches and Port Vila, Vanuatu host Group B matches.

Make a note in your diary for Thursday October 10, for back-to-back matches in Suva with New Caledonia playing Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands meeting Fiji in Group A.

The next day, New Zealand and Tahiti meet in Port Vila and on Saturday October 12, VFF Freshwater Stadium will be packed to the rafters as Vanuatu play the winner of Round One.

The group stage will be completed during November’s FIFA international window, with New Zealand and Papua New Guinea hosting the final round of matches, after which the top two teams will advance to the semi-finals.

Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea will host Match Day 4 in Group A on Thursday November 14 and Match Day 5 on Sunday November 17.

FMG Waikato Stadium in Hamilton, New Zealand, will host Match Day 4 in Group B on Friday November 15 and Go Media Stadium, Mt Smart, in Auckland will host Match Day 5 on Monday November 18.

FMG Stadium Waikato, in Hamilton, will host match day 4 in Group B.

Semi-finals and final

The Oceania Qualifiers will conclude in New Zealand during the March 2025 FIFA international window and determine which side qualifies directly for the FIFA World Cup.

The winner of Group A will face the runner-ups of Group B and the winner of Group B will face the runner-ups of Group A in the semi-finals, on Friday March 21, before the two winners meet in what shapes to be one of the biggest matches in OFC history on Monday March 24, with the winner earning direct entry to the FIFA World Cup.

The runners-up will earn a second chance to qualify for the FIFA World Cup via the FIFA Intercontinental Playoff – a six-nation tournament to determine the final two qualifying teams.

This story was first published on September 9, 2024.

More football stories
[adrotate banner=”155″]
[adrotate banner=”167″]
[adrotate banner=”86″]
2026 FIFA Men's World Cup, OFC Men's World Cup qualifiers
Previous Post
Next Post
Recent Posts
Previous
Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

WATCH: Highlights from Auckland FC’s 4-1 win against Central Coast Mariners

Auckland FC will go into 2025 as the leaders of the men’s A-League after beating...

WATCH: Highlights from Phoenix 2-1 women’s A-League loss at Melbourne City

A two-goal burst from leaders Melbourne City denied the Wellington Phoenix their first-ever win in...

Phoenix coach Giancarlo Italiano’s mixed feelings after 2-1 win against Jets

Head coach Giancarlo Italiano has mixed feelings about his Wellington Phoenix side’s performance against the...

WATCH: Highlights from Phoenix men’s A-League win against Newcastle Jets

Outstanding individual goals from Kosta Barbarouses and Paulo Retre inspired the Wellington Phoenix to end...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

WATCH: Highlights from Auckland FC’s 4-1 win against Central Coast Mariners

Auckland FC will go into 2025 as the leaders of the men’s A-League after beating...

WATCH: Highlights from Phoenix 2-1 women’s A-League loss at Melbourne City

A two-goal burst from leaders Melbourne City denied the Wellington Phoenix their first-ever win in...

Phoenix coach Giancarlo Italiano’s mixed feelings after 2-1 win against Jets

Head coach Giancarlo Italiano has mixed feelings about his Wellington Phoenix side’s performance against the...

WATCH: Highlights from Phoenix men’s A-League win against Newcastle Jets

Outstanding individual goals from Kosta Barbarouses and Paulo Retre inspired the Wellington Phoenix to end...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

Next
SEARCH OUR SITE
Search for:

Click on links for more information

FEBRUARY

February 8: Seasons start for women’s and men’s Futsal Superleagues.

February 8-14: OFC Men’s Champions League – qualifying, Cook Islands (click here for details).

Sunday February 23 (1pm NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

Wednesday February 26 (11am NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

MARCH

March 1-31: Girls and women’s month.

March 7-13: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

Friday March 21 (3pm, 7pm): Semi-finals, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Sky Stadium, Wellington (click here for details)

Saturday March 22: Seasons start for Northern League, Lotto NRFL Women’s Premiership, Lotto NRFL Men’s Championship.

Monday March 24 (7pm): Final, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Eden Park, Auckland (click here for details)

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Lotto NRFL Women’s Championship, Lotto NRFL Men’s Northern & Southern Conferences, NRF Men’s League One.

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Central League, Central League 2, Women’s Central League.

March 31-April 8: FIFA international window (women).

March 30 -April 12: OFC Men’s Champions League, Solomon Islands (click here for details).

APRIL

April 26-May 2: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Cook Islands.

April 26-27: Preliminary rounds for Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

MAY

May 3-9: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

May 4-17: OFC Women’s Champions League, Tahiti.

May 10-11: First rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

May 16-18: Grand final, women’s A-League (click here for details)

May 26-June 3: FIFA international window (women).

May 30-June 1: Grand final, men’s A-League (click here for details)

May 31-June 1: Second rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

JUNE

June 2-10: FIFA international window (men).

June 14-15: Third rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

June 15-July 13: FIFA Club World Cup, United States (click here for details)

Monday June 16 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Bayern Munich, FIFA Club World Cup, TQL Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio (click here for details).

Saturday June 20 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Benfica, FIFA Club World Cup, Inter&Co Stadium, Orlando, Florida (click here for details).

Wednesday June 24 (7am NZT): Auckland City v Boca Juniors, FIFA Club World Cup, Geodis Park, Nashville, Tennessee (click here for details).

June 23-July 1: FIFA international window (women).

JULY

July 4-19: OFC Women’s Nations Cup, Fiji.

July 5-6: Round four of Chatham Cup.

July 5-6: Quarter-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

July 26-27: Quarter-finals of Chatham Cup.

AUGUST

August 1-14: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship, Samoa.

August 15-20: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship, Solomon Islands.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Chatham Cup.

SEPTEMBER

September 2-9: FIFA international window (men).

September 6-7: Final of Chatham Cup.

September 6-7: Final of Kate Sheppard Cup.

September 17-24: University of Auckland at FISU Men’s Football World Cup, China.

September 20-24: OFC Futsal Men’s Cup, Solomon Islands.

September 21-October 4: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship, Tahiti.

September 27-October 19: FIFA U-20 Men’s World Cup, Chile.

September 27-28: Season starts for men’s and women’s National Leagues.

OCTOBER

October 6-14: FIFA international window (men).

October 17-November 8: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Morocco (click here for details).

October 20-28: FIFA international window (women).

October 20-31: Launch tournament, OFC Pro League, venue TBD.

NOVEMBER

November 6-27: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Qatar.

November 10-18: FIFA international window (men).

November 17-22: OFC Futsal Men’s Champions League, Fiji.

November 21-December 7: FIFA Futsal Women’s World Cup, Philippines (click here for details)

November 24-December 2: Match 1 & 2, 2027 FIFA Women’s World Cup Oceania qualifiers, Cook Islands.

DECEMBER

December 13-14: Grand finals of men’s and women’s National Leagues.

 Football headlines
Enzo Maresca confirms injury for Chelsea midfielder
Liverpool to make surprise decision on Federico Chiesa?
Man Utd attacker has 'concrete interest' ahead of January
Juventus reject Marcus Rashford, want his teammate instead
Arsenal and Man Utd eyeing Spanish star on free transfer?
Man Utd make move to sign PSG defender
Predicted Arsenal line-up (4-3-3) vs Ipswich Town, Calafiori starts
Arsenal identify AC Milan star as Saka replacement?
Man Utd among clubs interested in Wolves sensation
Arsenal want to sign 25yo Brazilian star from PL club?
 90-minutes news
Predictions: Who will win the 2024/25 Women's Champions League?
Man Utd top target keen on January transfer after Red Devils approach
Trent Alexander-Arnold informs Liverpool of Real Madrid transfer decision
Mikel Arteta reveals Bukayo Saka recovery timeline after hamstring surgery
Football transfer rumours: Rashford rejected by European giants; Arsenal ready swap bid for Saka replacement
RANKED: The 6 best players of Premier League Gameweek 18
How Ruben Amorim's Man Utd record after 10 games compares to every post-Ferguson manager
Man City predicted lineup vs Leicester - Premier League
Liverpool predicted lineup vs West Ham - Premier League
Tottenham predicted lineup vs Wolves - Premier League
Search for:
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.friendsoffootballnz.com/2024/09/09/samoa-need-extra-time-to-get-past-tonga-in-fifa-mens-world-cup-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
