Menu
Format
Matches
Pools
Tickets
News
Video
WORLD RUGBY
RUGBYPASS TV
English
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Round three preview

Everything you need to know about the final round of the cross-regional competition’s pool stage as Tonga host Fiji before Japan take on USA.

September 4, 2024, 7:00 PM
Read time: 7 min

The Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024 Finals Series line-up will be decided this weekend as the pool stage draws to a close with two mouth-watering matches.

Fiji travel to Nuku’alofa to play Tonga on Friday, needing only one match point to make sure of their place in the semi-finals as Pool A winners.

Hosts Tonga, meanwhile, must deny their visitors any match points and beat them by at least 27 points while gaining a try bonus-point to secure their own passage to the last four.

On Saturday, Japan and USA will compete in a winner-takes-all contest for top spot in Pool B having each made sure of their progress to the semi-finals with victories against Canada.

Friday, 6 September: Tonga v Fiji, Teufaiva Stadium, Nuku’alofa, KO 16:00 (GMT+13)
Head-to-head

By the time the teams run out at Teufaiva Stadium on Friday it will be 100 years and 12 days since they first met in a test.

Tonga won that match – played on the same patch of ground as this week’s encounter – 9-6 but it is Fiji who have dominated the rivalry since.

Of the 94 matches played between the Pacific rivals, the Flying Fijians have won 64 to Tonga’s 27, while there have been three draws. Fiji claimed a 36-20 victory when the teams last met, in Lautoka 14 months ago.

Where to watch

The match is live on RugbyPass TV or on Digicel if you’re in the Pacific Islands.

If you do not already have a RugbyPass TV account, you can sign up for free here.

PNC Titles

With five titles, Fiji are the most successful team in Pacific Nations Cup history. However, they have not lifted the trophy since 2018.

Tonga have yet to lift the coveted trophy, but they did finish runners-up in 2011 and in consecutive years in 2017 and 2018.

Tonga form: First-half woes continue

Having only scored five points in the first halves of their two July tests, Tonga endured another slow start against Samoa in Apia last week.

Patrick Pellegrini kicked the team’s first points nine minutes into the second half, by which time their hosts were 29-0 up and out of sight. Tonga will need to get the scoreboard ticking much earlier if they are to upset Fiji this Friday.

Fiji form: Salawa shines in Samoa win

Despite ceding territory and possession to Samoa in their Pacific Nations Cup opener, a clinical second-half performance allowed Fiji to turn a 16-15 deficit into a 42-16 victory.

Openside flanker Kitione Salawa scored a hat-trick of tries to continue his fine start to life in test rugby and the visitors will be confident they can leave Nuku’alofa with at least the bonus point they need to secure their place in the semi-finals.

Rankings reckoner

Hosts Tonga begin the match 16th in the World Rugby Men’s Rankings, six places adrift of visitors Fiji.

Should the ‘Ikale Tahi win by more than 15 points then they will climb two places to 14th if that result is coupled with a defeat for Japan. Otherwise, they will gain one place.

Fiji cannot improve on 10th place with any type of win, however, they would fall below Wales and drop out of the top 10 if beaten by more than 15 points.

Tonga team news

‘Ikale Tahi coach Tevita Tu’ifua has made five personnel changes to his starting line-up for Friday’s match against Fiji.

Loose-head prop Jethro Felemi and hooker Solomone Aniseko have been handed starts in the front row having started the Samoa defeat on the replacements’ bench. In the back row, meanwhile, blindside flanker Tevita Ahokovi will make his first test start with Tupou Afungia moving to openside.

In the backs, scrum-half Aisea Halo has been given the nod to partner fly-half Patrick Pellegrini and there is also a start for Sam Tuitupou on the left wing after he made his test debut as a replacement against Samoa.

Replacements Salesi Tuifua, Paea Fonoifua, Siaosi Nai and Latu Akauola could each win their first test cap if called upon from the bench.

Tonga (1-15): Jethro Felemi, Solomone Aniseko, Ben Tameifuna (captain), Harison Mataele, Onehunga Havili, Tevita Ahokovi, Tupou Afungia, Lotu Inisi, Aisea Halo, Patrick Pellegrini, Sam Tuitupou, Fetuli Paea, Fine Inisi, Esau Filimoehala, Nikolai Foliaki.

Replacements: Penisoni Fineanganofo, Salesi Tuifua, Brandon Televave, Paea Fonoifua, Sefo Sakalia, Siaosi Nai, Tyler Pulini, Latu Akauola.

Fiji team news

Fiji head coach Mick Byrne has also elected to change a third of his starting line-up as loosehead prop Eroni Mawi, second-row Mesake Vocevoce and number eight Albert Tuisue come into the forward pack.

Tuisue’s return to the back row means that Elia Canakaivata switches to openside flanker and Salawa, the opening day hat-trick hero, drops to the bench. Meanwhile, Adrea Cocagi comes in at inside centre to make his first test start, his sole Fiji cap to date having been earned as a replacement against Ireland almost two years ago.

Cocagi is joined in the backline by Isaiah Ravula, who starts at full-back meaning Vuate Karawalevu moves to the right wing.

Fiji (1-15): Eroni Mawi, Tevita Ikanivere (captain), Samu Tawake, Mesake Vocevoce, Temo Mayanavanua, Meli Derenalagi, Elia Canakaivata, Albert Tuisue, Frank Lomani, Caleb Muntz, Epeli Momo, Adrea Cocagi, Iosefo Baleiwairiki Masi, Vuate Karawalevu, Isaiah Ravula.

Replacements: Mesulame Dolokoto, Haereiti Hetet, Peni Ravai, Ratu Rotuisolia, Kitione Salawa, Peni Matawalu, Inia Tabuavou, Ilaisa Droasese.

Referee

Angus Gardner (Australia). This will be Gardner’s 48th test in the middle but the first time he has refereed this fixture.

Saturday, 7 September: Japan v USA, Kumagaya Rugby Stadium, Saitama Prefecture, Kumagaya City, KO 19:05 (GMT+9)
Head-to-head

Saturday’s match will be the 25th encounter between the sides – and first for five years – and although USA lead the head-to-head 13-10 (with one draw), Japan have held the upper hand for the last 16 years.

The Brave Blossoms have won seven of the last eight meetings, dating back to 2008, and claimed a 34-20 victory in the most recent fixture, in Suva in August 2019.

USA won the first match between the sides, a 16-15 win in Tokyo in April 1985, but last tasted victory on Japanese soil in May 2000 and have beaten the Brave Blossoms only three times in their last 10 attempts.

Where to watch

The match is live on RugbyPass TV or on J SPORTS if you’re in Japan and Peacock, a streaming service from NBC Universal, in USA.

If you do not already have a RugbyPass TV account, you can sign up for free here.

PNC titles

Japan are the joint-third most-successful team in the competition, having lifted the title on three previous occasions.

Their most recent triumph came in 2019 when they beat defending champions Fiji, Tonga and USA to finish top of the standings.

USA have never won the Pacific Nations Cup, the Men’s Eagles’ best finish coming in 2014 when they finished second in their conference behind Japan.

Japan form: Dearns inspires emphatic victory

Having started his reign with successive home defeats to England, Georgia and Italy, Eddie Jones claimed an emphatic first win of his second spell in charge of the Brave Blossoms in the opening round of the Pacific Nations Cup.

Second-row Warner Dearns shone brightest, bagging two of Japan’s five first-half tries against Canada and the Brave Blossoms kept their foot on the gas after the break to see out a 55-28 victory.

Jones and his team will now be keen to follow that up with a positive performance, and a win, in front of their own fans.

USA form: Green shoots emerging?

The Men’s Eagles also got back to winning ways against Canada as a first-half brace for Conner Mooneyham helped them on their way to a 28-15 victory in Los Angeles.

Following on from a narrow 22-20 loss to Romania and 42-7 reverse against Scotland in July, USA coach Scott Lawrence will hope that represents a step in the right direction for his inexperienced side.

Luke Carty proved an able deputy for AJ MacGinty in the opener, although he will want to improve on his accuracy from the tee at Kumagaya Rugby Stadium.

Rankings reckoner

Starting Saturday’s match five places and almost six rating points better off than USA in the World Rugby Men’s Rankings, 14th-place Japan can pick up a maximum of 0.17 points for victory.

That would not be enough to lift them above Samoa, but they could drop one place to 15th, below Portugal, if they lose to the Men’s Eagles.

Nineteenth-place USA can climb as high as 16th in the rankings, if they win by more than 15 points and Tonga lose to Fiji.

Japan team news

Eddie Jones has made just one change to his starting XV as Takuya Yamasawa lines up at full-back in an otherwise unchanged line-up.

Yamasawa replaces Yoshitaka Yazaki, who has returned to Waseda University, in the number 15 jersey and will win his 10th cap.

The only other change comes on the bench, where Amato Fakatava has been named as replacement second row in the place of Eishin Kuwano.

Japan (1-15): Shogo Miura, Atsushi Sakate, Keijiro Tamefusa, Sanaila Waqa, Warner Dearns, Tiennan Costley, Kanji Shimokawa, Faulua Makisi, Shinobu Fujiwara, Seungsin Lee, Malo Tuitama, Nicholas McCurran, Dylan Riley, Jone Naikabula, Takuya Yamasawa.

Replacements: Mamoru Harada, Takayoshi Mohara, Shuhei Takeuchi, Amato Fakatava, Isaiah Mapusua, Taiki Koyama, Harumichi Tatekawa, Tomoki Osada.

USA team news

Former Saracens scrum-half Ruben de Haas will make his first test appearance in over a year after being named in the USA team to play Japan at Kumagaya Rugby Stadium.

De Haas last played for the Men’s Eagles against Georgia in August 2023 and has subsequently spent time on the sidelines due to an ACL injury picked up with club side, the Cheetahs.

He returns as one of two changes to the starting line-up, as second-rows Viliami Helu and Jason Damm switch roles, with the former starting this weekend.

USA (1-15): Jack Iscaro, Kapeli Pifeleti, Alex Maughan, Viliami Helu, Greg Peterson (captain), Paddy Ryan, Cory Daniel, Jamason Fa’anana-Schultz, Ruben de Haas, Luke Carty, Nate Augspurger, Tommaso Boni, Tavite Lopeti, Conner Mooneyham, Mitch Wilson.

Replacements: Sean McNulty, Jake Turnbull, Paul Mullen, Jason Damm, Thomas Tu’avao, Tesimoni Tonga’uiha, JP Smith, Dominic Besag.

Referee

Hollie Davidson (Scotland) will become the first woman to referee a Pacific Nations Cup match on Saturday. It will be her eighth men’s test in the middle (and 36th overall) having previously made history as the first woman to take charge of both a Men’s Six Nations team, when Italy beat Portugal in June 2022, and Rugby Championship side, when South Africa hosted Os Lobos in July.

Discover your Mythical Match

Take our quiz to discover which Pacific Nation deity matches your personality!

TRY NOW!
Latest News
More News
September 24, 2024
Resilience key to Fiji’s Pacific Nations Cup success

We take a look at the reasons behind the Flying Fijians’ triumph in Japan as a new crop of stars came to the fore over five glorious weeks.

September 21, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup: Brilliant Fiji claim sixth title

Fiji put in a dominant second-half performance to silence the Hanazono Rugby Stadium crowd and claim a 41-17 victory against Japan and record-stretching sixth Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup title after Samoa had beaten USA 18-13 to finish third.

September 19, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Final preview

All the information you need as the cross-regional competition gets ready for an explosive finale. Fiji take on Japan for the title after USA and Samoa compete for third place.

September 15, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: All-action hosts Japan join Fiji in final

Japan will face five-time Pacific Nations Cup champions Fiji in Saturday’s decider in Osaka, while Samoa take on USA in the third-place play-off.

September 14, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup: Five-time champions Fiji book place in final

USA made Fiji work for their semi-final victory, after Tonga claim fifth place with a strong performance against Canada.

September 11, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Semi-finals preview

All the information you need to know as the cross-regional competition enters the knockout phase. Semi-finalists Fiji, Japan, USA and Samoa all still have hopes of lifting the trophy, while Tonga and Canada are competing for fifth place.

September 9, 2024
Six takeaways from round three of the Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024

We pick out six talking points from the third weekend of the reimagined cross-regional competition as Fiji and Japan win again.

September 4, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Round three preview

Everything you need to know about the final round of the cross-regional competition’s pool stage as Tonga host Fiji before Japan take on USA.

September 2, 2024
Six takeaways from round two of the Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024

We pick out six talking points from the second weekend of the cross-border competition as Samoa and USA secure wins.

August 28, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Round two preview

All the information you need to know as the cross-regional competition enters the second round with games between Samoa and Tonga and the USA and Canada.

August 26, 2024
Six takeaways from round one of the Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup

We pick out six talking points from the first weekend of the cross-border competition as Fiji and Japan both kick off the tournament with big wins.

August 22, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Round one preview

All the information you need to know as the cross-regional competition kicks off this weekend with games between Fiji and Samoa and Canada and Japan.

August 21, 2024
Big time! The Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup’s heaviest players

Some of the largest rugby players on the planet are set to collide in a titanic series of 11 matches over the next two months. We bring you six behemoths who will make the ground shudder.

August 18, 2024
Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup 2024: Six players to watch

Ahead of the start of the reimagined cross-regional competition, we have picked out a player from each squad to keep an eye on.

August 18, 2024
Everything you need to know about the Pacific Nations Cup

As the rebranded cross-regional competition prepares to kick-off on 23 August, we take a look at a tournament with a rich history and an even brighter future.

August 18, 2024
Pacific Nations Cup team guide: USA

Everything you need to know about USA ahead of the Pacific Nations Cup (23 August-21 September).

August 17, 2024
Pacific Nations Cup team guide: Tonga

Everything you need to know about Tonga ahead of the Pacific Nations Cup (23 August-21 September).

August 16, 2024
Pacific Nations Cup team guide: Samoa

Everything you need to know about Samoa ahead of the Pacific Nations Cup (23 August-21 September).

August 16, 2024
Asahi Super Dry becomes title sponsor of Pacific Nations Cup

World Rugby and Asahi Breweries Limited have announced that Asahi Super Dry will be the title sponsor and official beer of the Asahi Super Dry Pacific Nations Cup, which kicks off on 23 August.

August 15, 2024
Pacific Nations Cup team guide: Japan

Everything you need to know about Japan ahead of the Pacific Nations Cup (23 August-21 September).

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

NEWSLETTER

Stay Ahead of the Game

Never miss any moment and get exclusive updates, competitions, insider news, and more!

SIGN UP NOW
facebook
instagram
tiktok
twitter
youtube
Privacy Policy  
Cookies Policy  
Contact World Rugby 
© 2024 World Rugby
World Rugby: We value your privacy.
We and our third parties store, access and/or process information about your personal data, your devices and your online interactions using cookies, so we can provide, analyse and improve our services. This includes unique identifiers, such as your name and geolocation, or your browsing data. With your permission we and our third parties may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our third parties processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You’re able to manage and withdraw your consent at any time via our cookie settings. To find out more, read ourCookie Policy
Reject All Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.world.rugby/pacific-nations-cup/en/news/954229/asahi-super-dry-pacific-nations-cup-2024-round-three-preview 
 ----- 
