English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: India vs Australia - MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips: Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

ODI World Cup 2023: India vs Australia - MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips: Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
India and Australia are well aware of the tactics and strategies of each other, which could translate into a real humdinger of a contest between them in the ODI World Cup 2023 on the weekend.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 07 Oct 2023 10:23 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: October 8, 2023
Time: 2:00 PM IST
Venue: MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Also Read: ODI World Cup 2023 Live Scores  |  Today Cricket Match Prediction

Preview

India will open their ODI World Cup 2023 campaign at home against Australia at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on October 8, Sunday. The Indian cricket team competed in a three-match ODI series prior to the quadrennial spectacle against the Australians, winning it by 2-1. Therefore, these two proud nations are well aware of the tactics and strategies of each other, which could translate into a real humdinger of a contest between them in the ODI World Cup 2023 on the weekend.

Weather Report

Pitch Report

Analysis

The key players for India in their batting lineup in the ODI World Cup 2023 will be their two senior players, the captain Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli, while KL Rahul and Hardik Pandya are going to play a key role in the middle order too. In the bowling department, the Men in Blue will be quite reliant on Jasprit Bumrah and Kuldeep Yadav to pick up a bag of wickets, while curtailing the rate of scoring at the same time.

Meanwhile, the Australian cricket team will look at their senior players in Steve Smith and David Warner to do the bulk of the scoring in the ODI World Cup 2023, along with the likes of Mitchell Marsh and Glenn Maxwell in the support role. The captain Pat Cummins and Adam Zampa are going to be two of the main bowlers for Australia in the ongoing flagship tournament.

Key Players

Author’s Picks

Probable XIs

India: Rohit Sharma (c), Ishan Kishan, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj

Australia: David Warner, Mitchell Marsh, Steve Smith, Marnus Labuschagne, Alex Carey (wk), Glenn Maxwell, Cameron Green, Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins (c), Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

Grand League

Head-to-head


Best 14

Wicketkeepers: KL Rahul, Alex Carey
Batters: Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, Mitchell Marsh, David Warner, Steve Smith
All-Rounders: Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Glenn Maxwell
Bowlers: Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

India vs AustraliaODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

07 January 2025

WATCH: Sushila Meena, who impressed Sachin Tendulkar with Zaheer Khan-like bowling, dismisses Rajyavardhan Rathore

07 January 2025

WATCH: Mohammed Shami drills hard in nets ahead of 2025 Champions Trophy

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-ind-vs-aus-dream11-fantasy-tips-key-players-probable-xis-dream11-grand-league-prediction-india-vs-australia-dream11-fantasy-team-probable-playing-xi-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview 
 ----- 
