MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Anthony Volpe’s grand slam lifts Yankees in Game 4, staves off Dodgers World Series sweep
By Andy McCullough
Oct 30, 2024

111

NEW YORK — Anthony Volpe still wore his dirt-stained pinstripes 20 minutes after Game 4 of the World Series. He had just experienced a moment he described as the coolest of his young life, with 49,354 fans at Yankee Stadium chanting his name after his grand slam catalyzed a season-saving 11-4 victory for the New York Yankees over the Los Angeles Dodgers. To Volpe, the entire evening tended toward the surreal.

“I think I pretty much blacked out as I saw it go over the fence,” he said.

For the Yankees, Volpe’s dream meant the end of a nightmare in the Fall Classic. With a blast in the third inning on Tuesday, Volpe gave the Yankees a lead for the first time since Game 1. From there, the bullpen hung tough and held off the Dodgers as the lineup supplied a late-night scoring splurge to force Game 5 on Wednesday in the Bronx. The Yankees became only the fourth team in baseball history and the first since 1970 to avoid a sweep in the World Series when down, 3-0. No team facing a 3-0 deficit has ever forced Game 6.

The contest on Wednesday will be a rematch of starters from Game 1, when Yankees ace Gerrit Cole dueled with Dodgers midseason acquisition Jack Flaherty in an instant classic at Dodger Stadium. The opener of this series took 10 innings to settle. From there, the Dodgers appeared on the verge of the sweep, before Volpe took Dodgers reliever Daniel Hudson deep. During the rest of the evening, the crowd serenaded Volpe, a New Jersey boy who grew up rooting for the Yankees and idolizing Derek Jeter, thrilled that the season was not yet over.

For Game 5, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts will have his full ensemble of high-leverage relievers available after holstering them on Tuesday. Yankees manager Aaron Boone will get a chance to guide his team one step closer toward a shocking comeback.

“We wanted to get it to tomorrow, and we’ve done that,” Boone said. “Excited for the opportunity tomorrow.”

For the first time in the Fall Classic, the Yankees responded when wounded by the Dodgers. Volpe’s slam followed yet another first-inning home run from Dodgers first baseman Freddie Freeman. After the Dodgers trimmed the Yankees’ lead to one, rookie catcher Austin Wells launched a solo shot to open the sixth inning and provide the bullpen more room to breathe. Volpe and Wells executed a double steal in the eighth and both scored, the latter on a three-run homer by second baseman Gleyber Torres that eased the edginess. The Yankees pilloried Dodgers mop-up man Brent Honeywell for five runs in the eighth, including an RBI single from slumping slugger Aaron Judge, who is hitting .133 for the series.

The Dodgers opened the night in punt formation. Before the game, Roberts discussed the importance of length from two rookie pitchers, Ben Casparius and Landon Knack. Casparius was pitching in his seventh big-league game, with four appearances this October. Knack made 12 starts during the regular season but got walloped by the New York Mets in the National League Championship Series.

The rookies inherited a lead. For the second night in a row, Freeman supplied a two-run homer in the first inning. He lifted a slider from Yankees starter Luis Gil into the right-field porch in a replay of his Game 3 opening strike.

“Everyone was talking today about, ‘You guys just need to score first, score first,’” Boone said. “Yeah, it’s great, but I also . . . what if we don’t? We can’t win? We’ve just got to play.”

The Yankees overcame a mistake on the bases by Volpe to scratch together a run in the second. After Volpe walked and stole second, he hugged the base when Wells smoked a fastball off the center-field wall. Volpe could only advance to third base. “That’s completely on me,” Volpe said. “It’s not a hard read, one we practice, one that Little Leaguers make.” He was still able to score when outfielder Alex Verdugo hit a soft grounder to the right side, which cut the deficit to one.

For the third, Roberts replaced Casparius with the veteran reliever Hudson. The Dodgers prefer to use Hudson in lower-leverage situations. He soon demonstrated why. Hudson drilled Judge with a 95 mph fastball. Yankees third baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. smoked a single. Hudson walked designated hitter Giancarlo Stanton on six pitches. After a harmless pop-up from first baseman Anthony Rizzo, Volpe stepped in with two outs and the bases loaded.

All at once, Volpe represented an organizational triumph for the Yankees and something of a disappointment. He was considered one of baseball’s best prospects before he debuted last season at 21. He won a Gold Glove in the field but failed to provide much pop with his bat. In his second season, he was not much more prolific. His OPS sank a few points, to .657.

Before Tuesday’s game, Boone sounded a prophetic note when asked about Volpe. “I feel like we’re going to look up in a couple of years and see a really, really strong offensive player,” Boone said. “It doesn’t always happen in a meteoric rise for some people. But I feel like he’s moving the needle in a really good way.”

Boone serves as a font of optimism about his team. The words might have felt hollow at 5 p.m. Volpe had not homered since Sept. 21. He went 1-for-12 in the first three games of this series. He still came up ready to hit. When Hudson pumped a first-pitch slider, Volpe pulled the baseball just beyond the left-field porch for only the second grand slam of his career.

“Just getting a lead was huge tonight.” Wells said. “And he gave us that, with that one swing.”

The Dodgers would not let the Yankees off easy. Gil yielded a leadoff homer to catcher Will Smith in the fifth. He walked his final batter before ceding the stage to funky southpaw Tim Hill. The Dodgers plated a second run in the inning after Shohei Ohtani singled and Freeman beat out a double-play ball.

Wells greeted Knack with malice in the sixth. Knack attempted to pump a 94 mph fastball at the top of the strike zone. Wells whacked the ball into the second deck of right field. Like Volpe, he was also in the midst of a slump, batting .093 for October and benched for Game 3. Back in the lineup, he supplied two of the biggest swings, bookends to Volpe’s signature blast.

The two clubs will return to this stage on Wednesday. Both understand the assignment.

“I feel great,” Roberts said. “I feel great.”

Volpe could only hope to replicate his outing from Game 4.

“We’re not going to go down easy,” he said. “At all.”

(Photo of Anthony Volpe: Sarah Stier / Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Andy McCullough is a senior writer for The Athletic covering MLB. He previously covered baseball at the Los Angeles Times, the Kansas City Star and The Star-Ledger. A graduate of Syracuse University, he grew up in the suburbs of Philadelphia. Follow Andy on Twitter @ByMcCullough

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5883757/2024/10/29/dodgers-yankees-world-series-anthony-volpe-grand-slam/ 
 ----- 
