Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Early slam sets tone as Yankees muscle up to stave off elimination
Share
Early slam sets tone as Yankees muscle up to stave off elimination
October 30th, 2024

Anthony Castrovince

@castrovince
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- Anthony Volpe's wildest baseball dreams as a New Jersey lad didn’t end with his beloved Yankees getting swept in the World Series.

They ended with a moment like this. Bases loaded. Season on the line. And the kid who poured his heart into the pinstripes coming up clutch.

Volpe’s go-ahead grand slam off Dodgers reliever Daniel Hudson in the third inning of Game 4 on Tuesday night at Yankee Stadium was precisely the spark his Yanks needed to pull themselves off the mat in this matchup. It sparked a runaway 11-4 victory for the New Yorkers, who, while still trailing three games to one, have ace Gerrit Cole going at home in Game 5 on Wednesday and therefore still have a chance to make this a legit series.

20 postseason performances that saved a series

“We've been through so much the whole year,” said Volpe, who became the first player in World Series history to log four RBIs and two steals in a game. “We're not going to go down easy at all.”

Faced with the prospect of becoming the first Yankees team to be swept in the World Series since 1976, the Bronx Bombers instead provided a needed reminder of why this Fall Classic featuring No. 1 seeds and iconic franchises attracted so many eyes and so much flowery coverage in the first place.

The Volpe jolt, an effective evening for the bullpen and late-inning insurance that included long balls from Austin Wells and Gleyber Torres saved them and kept the Dodgers’ champagne on ice.

“You finally got to see,” said Yankees manager Aaron Boone, “the top blow off Yankee Stadium in a World Series game.”

Related
Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

4:32 PM UTC

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Who is baseball's best baserunner? Statcast's newest metric tells us

December 16th, 2024

Volpe family history with Yankees goes back generations

October 30th, 2024

Volpe's historic game 'a dream come true' for the lifelong Yankee fan

October 30th, 2024

Of the 41 teams to fall behind 3-0 in a best-of-seven postseason series, the Yankees are only the 10th to even avoid a sweep. Of the previous nine to do so, four managed to force a Game 6 and two forced a Game 7, although neither example occurred in the World Series. One was the 2020 Astros, who lost Game 7 to the Rays in the ALCS, and one was the 2004 Red Sox, who famously came back to the beat the Yankees in the ALCS. The Yankees are the first team to force a Game 5 when down 3-0 in a World Series since the Reds in 1970 against the Orioles.

5 biggest storylines as Yanks try to keep chipping away in World Series G5

The Dodgers were unsuccessful in their effort to bullpen their way to a Game 4 celebration, but the silver lining to the loss was preserving their highest-leverage relievers for Game 5.

“I don't think anyone expected [the Yankees] to lay down,” Dodgers skipper Dave Roberts said. “We had some at-bats that I thought could have been better, but we knew it was a bullpen game. As far as outcomes, to have six guys in your pen that are feeling good, rested, I feel good about that. And being up 3-1, yeah.”

Dodgers-Yankees World Series Game 5 FAQ
Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Unbelievably and inconceivably, the scoring in Game 4 began with a Freddie Freeman home run.

Well, maybe that is believable and conceivable at this point, but there’s still no overstating how bonkers Freeman’s output on this series stage has been.

MLB community unites for Stand Up To Cancer tribute

When Freeman connected with a Luis Gil slider in the first and punched it to the short porch in right for the two-run shot that made it 2-0, it was his fourth homer in as many games this series. He joined the Astros’ George Springer (2017) as the only players to go deep four games in a row within a single World Series, and he extended his personal World Series homer streak to a record-setting six games, dating back to 2021 with the Braves.

Astonishing stats made Game 4 an historic offensive show

In that moment, with the Yankee Stadium crowd again silenced by Freeman’s first-inning fireworks, it appeared an apt time to start etching his name on the MVP trophy and to prepare the Dodgers’ postgame party. The Yankees, after all, had not led in a game since right before Freeman’s walk-off salami in Game 1, and they stranded two runners in the bottom of the first in this one to prolong their pain.

“It was a good ballgame,” Roberts said of the Dodgers’ feelings, “until it wasn’t.”

The game began to turn in the bottom of the second.

Volpe drew a walk off Ben Casparius and stole second before Wells doubled to the center-field wall. Volpe should have scored easily on the play but mistakenly hung close to second to ensure the ball was not caught. He advanced only to third. Regardless, Alex Verdugo got him home on a groundout to make it 2-1.

The following inning, Volpe more than made up for his baserunning gaffe. With Hudson on the hill, Aaron Judge was hit by a pitch. Jazz Chisholm Jr. singled to put runners on the corners, then swiped second. Giancarlo Stanton walked. The bases were loaded for Volpe, who idolized Derek Jeter growing up and now had his own opportunity to make like Captain Clutch. And on Hudson’s first pitch, Volpe delivered a no-doubt-about-it grand slam over the left-field wall to light up the Bronx and give the Yankees a 5-2 edge.

“I think I pretty much blacked out,” said Volpe, “as soon as I saw it go over the fence.”

But as we saw in Game 1, the Dodgers don’t die easily. Catcher Will Smith smacked a leadoff homer off Gil in the fifth, then Tommy Edman drew a walk. The Yankees went to their ‘pen, with ground-ball lefty Tim Hill summoned. The Dodgers put runners on the corners with one out and Freeman up to bat. Hill got the ground ball he wanted, but second baseman Torres’ toss to Volpe at the second-base bag to try to start a potential double play was a little high, and though Volpe’s subsequent throw to first was initially ruled to have beaten Freeman to the bag for the inning-ending DP, a replay review overturned it.

Edman safely scored from third to make it a one-run game at 5-4.

That’s how it remained until Wells sent a Landon Knack fastball over the right-field wall for a sixth-inning solo shot. And in the eighth, against Brent Honeywell, the Yankees got a lot more insurance when, with two runners in scoring position, Verdugo grounded to second, where Gavin Lux’s throw home was not in time to retire the streaking, sliding Volpe. Torres then stepped up and smacked a three-run shot to right-center, and, after a Juan Soto double, the slumping Judge got the lift he needed when he lined an RBI single to left.

“I feel like it really just takes one big swing, and I feel like that was Volpe's big swing there,” Wells said. “It allowed everyone to take a deep breath and have fun. I think also the situation we were in, I think that we just needed to say, ‘Screw it,’ and go after it and have fun, because some guys may never come back to the World Series again.”

So on a day when the Dodgers tried to mix and match their way to a title with an all-relief effort, the Yankees adjusted to the assemblage of arms, got big outs from their own relievers (none bigger than Mark Leiter Jr. striking out Shohei Ohtani and Luke Weaver K’ing Mookie Betts with a runner at second in the seventh) and kept their season alive.

“It was just a big game,” Volpe said. “We just wanted to go 1-0 today and win today and see where it took us.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Anthony Volpe

Anthony Castrovince has been a reporter for MLB.com since 2004.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-win-world-series-game-4-2024 
 ----- 
