SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Egypt, Cape Verde Move to AFCON Round of 16 After Thrilling 2-2 Equalizer

Cape Verde and Egypt are both heading to the Round of 16 after a thrilling 2-2 draw.

Jihane RahhouJan. 22, 2024 10:20 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Egypt's match against Cape Verde

Rabat - In a thrilling encounter, Egypt and Cape Verde ended their last match of the group stage with a 2-2 equalizer. 

Both teams have qualified for the Round of 16 of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON).

The intense game saw the last two goals scored in the additional time. In the 90+8th minute, Semedo provided a precise delivery to Texeira, who clinically slotted home in the area, shattering Egypt's hopes of a decisive victory. 

In the 93rd minute of the match, Abdellah seized the ball over the top and skillfully chipped the keeper, restoring hope for Egypt’s qualification. The goal was initially subjected to a VAR check for a potential handball but was confirmed.  

The match, held at an electric Stade Felix Houphouet-Boigny in Abidjan, saw both teams giving their all in a bid to secure a spot in the knockout stages.

Cape Verde opened the scoring in the 45th minute, as Benchimol netted a spectacular goal with a low left-footed shot close to the penalty spot. With this goal, the Blue Sharks took a crucial 1-0 lead just before half-time, leaving Egypt with an uphill battle to stay in the competition.

The second half opened with heightened action as Egypt sought an equalizer. Trezeguet emerged as the hero for the Pharaohs in the 48th minute, leveling the score with a powerful shot from inside the box after a one-two play with Hegazy. The game intensified as both teams kept pushing for the decisive goal.

In the 68th minute, a tense moment occurred when Marmoush's shot struck a Cape Verde player on the head, leading to a brief delay as the player received medical attention.

With both teams pressing for a late winner, the match seemed to conclude in Egypt’s favor as the Pharaohs scored what appeared to be a 93rd-minute winner. 

Yet unbowed and determined to stay faithful to its impressive group record, the Blue Sharks mustered a 99th equalizer, courtesy of Semedo.

Surprisingly, however, with Ghana also falling victim to a last-minute equalizer in its clash against Mozambique, Egypt will still advance to the round of 16 as their 3 points make them second in the group’s standing. 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Egyptian Billionaire Samih Sawiris Takes Over $400 Million Tourism Project in Morocco
Egypt Joins Morocco and Algeria in Race for AU Commission Deputy Chair
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
Recent
Popular
Comments
Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Former US President Jimmy Carter Dies At 100

New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

YOU MAY LIKE
Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Morocco Wins Impressive 20 Medals At Arab Karate Championship

Morocco’s Ounahi Feels 'Loved' At Panathinaikos After Struggles With Marseille

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360299/egypt-cape-verde-move-to-afcon-round-of-16-after-thrilling-2-2-equalizer 
 ----- 
