Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Ghana Black Stars twice squander lead in explosive stalemate with Egypt | Group B
Muhammed Kudus scored a brace for Ghana Black Stars. Omar Marmoush and Mostafa Mohamed replied for Egypt Pharaohs.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 19, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Ghana Black Stars players celebrate their opening goal of against Egypt | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

This was Egypt’s second 2-all draw in the championship following their first game with Mozambique. Consequently, Ghana picked their first point of the tournament after a heart breaking 1-2 loss to Cape Verde in their opener.

AFCON 2023 Group B (Round 2):

Egypt 2-2 Ghana

The Egypt and Ghana duel in group B at the AFCON 2023 tournament lived up to the anticipated billing.

The fixture was electric, tension-packed and produced four goals, shared equally.

With no clear-cut winner, these two countries shared the spoils, 2-all at the Stade Felix Houphouet Boigny on Thursday night.

Muhammed Kudus scored a brace for the Ghana Black Stars. Omar Marmoush and Mostafa Mohamed replied for Egypt Pharaohs.

Kudus, who features for West Ham United in the English premier league lit the game with a wonder left-footed shot outside the goal area in the third minute of added time before the half-time recess.

The goal arrived moments after Egyptian captain Mohammed Salah had limped out with injury.

Egypt’s would-be equalizer on 50 minutes by Mohammed Abdelmoneim did not count after review by VAR for off-side.

Marmoush (a forward at Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany) leveled the matters in the 69th minute but the joy was short-lived as Kudus quickly restored the lead in the 71st minute.

Nantes’ Mostafa Mohamed once again brought Egypt level three minutes later, capitalizing on a sloppy back pass from Ghana’s Williams Inaki.

Two-all the game ended as the spoils were shared with Kudus taking home the man of the match accolade for his well-taken brace.

A Ghanaian fan painted watching the game | Credit: CAF Media

This was Egypt’s second two-all draw in the tournament following their first game with Mozambique.

Consequently, Ghana picked their first point of the championship after a heart-breaking 2-1 loss to Cape Verde in their opener.

Cape Verde leads group B, ahead of their second game with Mozambique on Friday evening.

Egypt is second with two points from two games, Ghana and Mozambique have a point apiece.

Next Group B matches:

Mozambique will face Ghana on Monday, 22nd January 2024 at the Olympic Stadium of Ebimpe (11:00 PM).

At the same time, Cape Verde shall take on Egypt at the Stade Felix Houphouet in Boigny.

All Results So far:

Group F:

Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) 1-1 Zambia
Morocco 3-0 Tanzania

Group E:

Mali 2-0 South Africa
Tunisia 0-1 Namibia

Group D:

Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania
Algeria 1-1 Angola

Group C:

Cameroon 1-1 Guinea
Senegal 3-0 The Gambia

Group B:

Egypt 2-2 Mozambique
Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde

Group A:

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau
Cote D’Ivoire 0-1 Nigeria
Equatorial Guinea 4-2 Guinea Bissau
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Kayanja, Naiga pot to victory in end of year 2024 pool championship at Kansanga
Ex-Ondu, Gaddafi coach lands Mbale Heroes job on interim
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/19/afcon-2023-ghana-black-stars-twice-squander-lead-in-explosive-stalemate-with-egypt-group-b/ 
 ----- 
