Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Cricket World Cup
Netherlands beat South Africa with shock ICC Cricket World Cup win

Underdogs Netherlands beat in-form South Africa by 38 runs to win their first match of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 in Dharamshala.

Netherlands' captain Scott Edwards, right, and Colin Ackermann celebrate the wicket of South Africa's Quinton De Kock[Ashwini Bhatia/AP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 17 Oct 2023
17 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

The Netherlands put on a stunning display of tight bowling and powerful late-innings batting to beat South Africa by 38 runs in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 in Dharamshala on Tuesday.

Put in to bat on the variable-bounce pitch at the HPCA Stadium in the middle of the Himalayan mountains, the Dutch set the Proteas a target of 246 runs, thanks to two big partnerships at the end of their innings.

KEEP READING
list of 3 items
list 1 of 3
In cricket-crazy Kashmir, the India-Pakistan World Cup clash tests emotions
list 2 of 3
Stars, shocks and tragedies: The history of the ICC Cricket World Cup
list 3 of 3
Indians slam ‘unapologetic Islamophobia’ aimed at Pakistan’s cricket team
end of list

South Africa began the chase with caution and lost their first wicket for 36 runs in the eighth over when their in-form opener Quinton de Kock fell to Colin Ackermann.

It led to a flurry of wickets for the determined Dutch as they removed South Africa captain Temba Bavuma, Rassie van der Dussen and Aiden Markram in the space of 26 balls for eight runs.

Veteran spinner Roelof van der Merwe and medium pacer Paul van Meekeren took two wickets each as the Dutch stemmed the flow of runs with tight lines and sharp fielding.

Heinrich Klaasen and David Miller offered hope to the South African fans by putting on a 45-run partnership but both fell to pacer Logan van Beek.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

Tail-enders Keshav Maharaj and Lungi Ngidi held on for a 41-run partnership but Bas de Leede took the final wicket to hand Netherlands yet another famous World Cup win and South Africa a shock loss.

De Leede was the highest wicket-taker for the Dutch with three from his eight overs.

Earlier, Netherlands looked set to get bowled out for a low total when they lost four wickets for 50 runs in 15 overs, but a brilliant half-century by their captain Scott Edwards and a late flourish by Van der Merwe and Aryan Dutt saw them go from 140-7 in 34 overs to finishing on 245-8 in 43 overs in the rain-shortened match.

Edwards scored 78 runs off 69 balls, hitting 10 fours and a six much to the delight of the Dutch crowd.

With the win, the Netherlands bagged their first two points of the tournament after three matches. They play a weakened Sri Lankan side in their fourth match on Saturday, October 21.

Meanwhile, South Africa remain on four points after three matches. Their next match is against Bangladesh on Tuesday, October 24.

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2023/10/17/netherlands-beat-south-africa-in-shocking-icc-cricket-world-cup-win 
 ----- 
