We value your privacy

At Reach and across our entities we and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning.

By clicking on I Accept you will agree to your data being used for personalised advertising in exchange for using our site for free.
If you click Reject and Pay, you will need to sign up to our Privacy Plus subscription service. For £1.99 per month, this subscription will enable you to access the same content, without sharing your personal data for advertising purposes. For more information see our Terms and Conditions.

Both options enable you to access the content and support the work of our editorial staff who are committed to providing you with quality information every day. We have introduced these choices in accordance with data protection regulations. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. You may access more detailed information about the purposes, and tailor your choices, by clicking on More Options. You can change your preferences, view our 1469 partners, or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the Privacy setting link on the webpage. Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months.

More Options
Reject and Pay
I Accept
Sorry...
..An error has occured:

If you have any queries about this error, try emailing feedback@mirror.co.uk and we'll do what we can to help you.

ZID:308457493

England to face South Africa in crunch Cricket World Cup clash and you can watch that game and more for £14
England face an uphill battle to rescue their World Cup hopes after the shock defeat to Afghanistan and they will look to turn things around this weekend
Mark Wood of England celebrates the wicket of Mujeeb ur Rahman of Afghanistan with team mate Jos Buttler (Image: Getty Images)
NEWS
POLITICS
FOOTBALL
CELEBS
TV
SHOPPING

This article contains affiliate links, we will receive a commission on any sales we generate from it. Learn more

ByChris BurnsSenior Sports Writer - Under 35s
14:40, 16 Oct 2023UPDATED12:09, 17 OCT 2023
|
BOOKMARK

England's World Cup chances may well be hanging by a thread after the shock defeat to Afghanistan.

Captain Jos Buttler has acknowledged that the stunning 69-run loss in Delhi was a ‘big setback’ to their trophy retention ambitions and a tough result to take. Afghanistan had only ever won once in a 50-over World Cup which came after beating Scotland way back 2015, and lost all nine of their matches during the group stage four years ago.

The 69-run victory will go down as the most famous cricket result in the country's history. The likes of Joe Root and Jonny Bairstow didn't offer enough resistance with bat while England's bowling attack was again called into question. Speaking after the game, Buttler said: "This is a tough loss to take but congratulations to Afghanistan. They outplayed us today.

"With the bat and ball throughout the game we were not at the level we wanted to be at. We have to be better. You have to find ways to impose yourselves and show your skill. We weren't quite good enough and it was really disappointing."

England looked to have turned a corner after beating Bangladesh on Tuesday, having tasted defeat to New Zealand in their opening game, but now will have to dig deep to make the semi-finals. There are still six matches to play giving the defending champions time to get their campaign back on track and they will get their chance to rectify their current standings when they face South Africa on Saturday in Mumbai.

How can you watch England's World Cup games?

You can watch all the action from the Cricket World Cup on Sky Sports who are now offering Sky Sports Cricket for £14 a month.

You can sign up to Sky Sports here.

What fixtures are coming up on Sky Sports Cricket?

October 17 - South Africa vs Netherlands (0930 BST)

October 18 - New Zealand vs Afghanistan (0930 BST)

October 19 - India vs Bangladesh (0930 BST)

October 20 - Australia vs Pakistan (0930 BST)

October 21 - Netherlands vs Sri Lanka (0600 BST)

October 21 - England vs South Africa (0930 BST)

October 22 - India vs New Zealand (0930 BST)

October 23 - Pakistan vs Afghanistan (0930 BST)

October 24 - South Africa v Bangladesh (0930 BST)

October 25 - Australia vs Netherlands (0930 BST)

October 26 - England vs Sri Lanka (0930 BST)

October 27 - Pakistan vs South Africa (0930 BST)

October 28 - Australia vs New Zealand (0600 BST)

October 28 - Netherlands vs Bangladesh (0930 BST)

October 29 - India vs England (0830 GMT)

October 30 - Afghanistan vs Sri Lanka (0830 GMT)

October 31 - Pakistan vs Bangladesh (0830 GMT)

November 1 - New Zealand vs South Africa (0830 GMT)

November 2 - India vs Sri Lanka (0830 GMT)

November 3 - Netherlands vs Afghanistan (0830 GMT)

November 4 - New Zealand vs Pakistan (0500 GMT)

November 4 - England vs Australia (0830 GMT)

November 5 - India vs South Africa (0830 GMT)

November 6 - Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka (0830 GMT)

November 7 - Australia vs Afghanistan (0830 GMT)

November 8 - England vs Netherlands (0830 GMT)

November 9 - New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, (0830 GMT)

November 10 - South Africa vs Afghanistan (0830 GMT)

November 11 - Australia vs Bangladesh (0500 GMT)

November 11 - England vs Pakistan (0830 GMT)

November 12 - India vs Netherlands (0830 GMT)

FollowMirror
Facebook
X (Twitter)
MORE ON
JOS BUTTLER
WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS
INTERNATIONAL CRICKET COUNCIL CRICKET WORLD CUP
ENGLAND CRICKET TEAM
HomeSportCricketEngland Cricket Team
TOP STORIES
MUSK UNMASKED: Elon Musk's 5 biggest lies about Britain and why his claims are BONKERS - from foreign rapists nonsense to wild Tommy Robinson fib
ELON MUSK
Horror as schoolboy, 14, stabbed to death on bus and manhunt launched
KNIFE CRIME
GMB's Andi Peters struggles through tears as he's 'moved' live on-air
GOOD MORNING BRITAIN
Mask-wearing returns to UK hospitals as at least 7 declare critical incidents
NHS
Elon Musk wants to buy Liverpool despite fears owners FSG will raise price
BREAKING NEWS
DEVIANT TRUTH EXPOSED: Female prison officer who had sex with inmate behind bars accused of MORE offences
PRISON SERVICE
Weight loss app designed for women over 40 launches 50% off sale
FITNESS
McDonald's sex for shifts scandal as 700 staff and ex-workers take legal action
MCDONALD'S CORPORATION
Prince Harry set to return to UK for solo trip WITHOUT Meghan Markle
PRINCE HARRY
Love Island All Stars' Scott Thomas' 'real reason' for joining show - and it's not love
LOVE ISLAND
Christmas cake murder accused made sinister online search days before 'poisoning her family'
MURDER
Baba Vanga and Nostradamus made same frightening 2025 prediction that could come true
BABA VANGA
POPULAR TOPICS
News
Weird News
Travel
Tech
Politics
Showbiz
Life & Style
Mums
Football
Family
Money
Film
TV
Sport
Fashion
TeamDogs
Motoring
SUBSCRIBE
Newsletter preference centre
Subscribe to Daily Mirror and Sunday Mirror newspapers
Subscribe to tablet edition
OUR PARTNERS
Beauty Box Subscription
Yimbly Shop
Mirror Bingo
mynewsassistant
Crosswords, Puzzles & Games
Betting
Free Bets
Partner Stories
SUPPORT
How to Complain
Notifications and alerts help
Corrections and Clarifications
COMPANY
About Us
Work for us
Contact Us
Irish Mirror
Syndication & Licensing
Sell your story
RESOURCES
Marketplace
Find a local business
Find a job
Shop
InYourArea
©2025 a Reach plc subsidiary
Privacy NoticeAI NoticeCookie NoticeTerms and ConditionsCommunity Standards
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/cricket/england-face-south-africa-crunch-31198661 
 ----- 
