Cricket World Cup 2023 As it happened: Australia beat Sri Lanka by five wickets

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
SportCricketCricket World Cup

This was published 1 year ago

Cricket World Cup 2023 As it happened: Australia beat Sri Lanka by five wickets
By
Malcolm Conn
Updated October 17, 2023 — 3.25amfirst published October 16, 2023 — 6.55pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
7
COMMENTS

View all comments

KEY POSTS
3.25am	Pakistan on Friday a vital match for Australia
2.50am	Maxwell on the charge with batting blitz
2.36am	Labuschagne out as Australia lose fourth wicket
2.23am	Inglis makes his first World Cup 50
1.52am	Australia reaches 100 chasing 210 for victory
1.37am	Mitchell Marsh run out for 51
1.25am	Australia lose early wickets
11.45pm	Australia chasing 210 for first victory
Hide key posts
Posts area
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 3.25am On Oct 17, 2023
Pakistan on Friday a vital match for Australia

Australia must continue their revival against Pakistan on Friday to remain in the mix for a chance to play in the semi-finals. Tonight’s five-wicket victory over Sri Lanka with almost 15 overs to spare has left Australia in a group of four teams only a win away from fourth-placed Pakistan after three games. With a game against the new bottom team, the Netherlands, to follow, victory against Pakistan would set Australia on course for a potential top four finish and a place in the play-offs.

Play Video
Play video

0:29

Australia claim first World Cup win

Australia has finally got their World Cup campaign underway proper with a five wicket win over Sri Lanka in Lucknow.

...

Want to unlock unlimited news?
Read more award-winning journalism from as little as 50c a day. Get started

Already a subscriber? Login to see the full article.

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour as Test stars’ BBL availability revealed
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
OpinionA two-tier system will save Test cricket. Here’s why
Webster spills beans on Australia’s post-series celebrations, but who went the hardest?
OpinionSam Konstas played a role for Australia. So why is he copping heat for it?
Top flight: Australia, England, India in talks to split Tests in two
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE

Welcome to Sydney Morning Herald

We value your privacy. With your consent we use data to do the following:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Agree

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/cricket-world-cup-2023-live-updates-australia-face-sri-lanka-in-lucknow-20231016-p5ecnt.html 
 ----- 
