We and our 92 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.

Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Third Parties

Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Subscribe
TOPICAL
Moments after another breakthrough, Cardinals rookie Alec Burleson breaks thumb, ends season
Derrick Goold Sep 20, 2023 
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Spotify | Stitcher

His fractured thumb already in a splint and this season abruptly over, Alec Burleson thought back to how he got on base in the first place Tuesday night, and where that approach could take him in the seasons ahead.

Moments before he broke his thumb sliding into third base, Burleson stood where he does his best work – in the batter’s box with a teammate on base. The Cardinals’ rookie has a knack for making contact on all sorts of pitches, from elevated fastballs to plunging breaking balls, and that makes what the team has asked him to do all the more counterintuitive.

They want him to lay off some.

They know he can make contact. What can he crush?

In his first-inning at-bat against Milwaukee starter Trevor Megill, Burleson watched the bend of a first-pitch curveball take it out of the zone. Megill followed with a similar knuckle curve, just placed on the outer edge of the strike zone – right where Burleson could reach it, maybe put it play, definitely make contact. Burleson took it. He did not show off his skill. He stuck to his approach. Megill’s 1-1 pitch was a 99-mph fastball at the top of the zone – the pitch the Cardinals believe he can crush – and Burleson drove it for an RBI, rulebook double that hopped over the left-center fence.

People are also reading…
Where are the plows? Crews are taking 'steady approach' to St. Louis cleanup
Longtime swim club coach fatally struck by car in St. Louis
Council seeks power to remove St. Louis County Executive Sam Page
New plan would strip mayor of power in St. Louis, hire city manager
AquaSculpt Reviews (Ice Water Hack) Best Diet Pills for Weight Loss in 2025

“The 1-0 curveball I think I swing at last year and I roll it over,” Burleson said. “Because he threw me the first one, and I wouldn’t want him to steal a strike. He throws 100 mph. So you want to stay on his fastball. That, for me, is a big key. I would have swung at that, rolled it over. But I stayed on his fastball, took a strike, and that’s him – that’s Turner teaching me to stay with an approach.”

That Turner is Turner Ward, the Cardinals’ hitting coach.

He and Burleson have had some debates about pitches like that curve.

“We butted heads a lot this season,” Burleson said.

But their talks were going in the right direction.

And then Burleson’s thumb bent in the wrong direction.

On second base after the RBI double, Burleson stole third to get in position for Nolan Arenado’s sacrifice fly and an early 2-0 lead for the Cardinals. It wouldn’t last. The Brewers rallied to win, 7-3, and by the end Burleson was gone, his season done, his Wednesday booked with an appointment to see a hand specialist about an injury. Before he stole third – his first attempt to steal third of his career – Burleson did not have the green light from third-base coach Ron “Pop” Warner or manager Oliver Marmol. He went any way, then deadpanned later that the “baseball gods” took note.

Burleson’s slide jammed his left hand into the third base, where his thumb crumpled.

“I slid into the bag, looked at my thumb, and at first I thought it was dislocated, so I popped it back in,” Burleson said. “That wasn’t the case. I stood up, looked at Pop, and told him it was broke. … I knew pretty quick.”

Shortly after his 20th double of the season, Burleson scored his 34th run of the season, and then called it a season. He finishes his rookie year having spent the entire season in the majors, batting .244 with a .390 slugging percentage, a .690 OPS, and 77 hits to 45 strikeouts. The advanced statistics adore his offensive production. Based upon how hard, how often, and at what angle he hits the ball, Burleson had the widest gap on the team between his batting average and what modeling would expect it to be. His expected batting average and slugging percentage were much higher in the expected world. Those just won’t appear on his baseball card.

They will, however, appear in the Cardinals’ decisions for 2024.

“I like having Burleson, and I like his at-bats,” Marmol said. “He’s a guy who, as he continues to understand the strike zone and control the strike zone, I think we’re going to see even better numbers from him. You can sit there and say, ‘Why are you so excited about this guy?’ I think when you start looking under the hood of what he’s capable of doing – the style of pitching he gets to – it’s actually an impressive bat. You give that another full season, and I think you have a really good left-handed bat off the bench. … I like having Burly. I think we have a really good hitter on our hands.”

Bringing that hitter out is Ward’s task.

There were times this season where it was also Ward’s challenge. As the second half began, Burleson opened up to suggestions that began way back in spring training or the year before. The Cardinals’ staff worked with him to adjust his approach based on the count, the situation, and the slugging that’s possible. Sometimes a ball in play is exactly what they need, regardless of how hard he hits it. Other times, Burleson’s power potential is better served ignoring that curveball on the outer edge in a 1-0 count and waiting for that 1-1 fastball he can catapult to the wall or over it.

Hitting got him here.

Hitting for damage is what stays here.

“He’s got one of the better young hitter swings that I’ve seen,” Ward said. “I know what swing works really good up here. And what works even better is having a good swing, good approach, and being able to tactically beat that pitcher with your swing. But add to it how am I going to approach that style of pitcher? Because his swing is so good – he was and should be stubborn with what he does. I want guys to be stubborn but also open and curious to what else can I do to perform or compete better.”

Burleson got there.

He got into that open mindset with Ward.

“Slowy, he did,” Ward said.

“He was trying to break through,” said the 24-year-old rookie. “I was very stuck in my ways, and I think we can both say rightfully what got me here was hitting and my approach. But obviously it’s a different game here, and we had lots of conversations. I finally let him in and let him help me hit at the big-league level instead of trying to do it all myself.”

In the second half of the season, Burleson started bringing his expected performance closer to his actual performance. He hit .268 with a .406 slugging percentage. The Cardinals wanted to see what he did with more playing time. They wondered what would happen if they took one of the hardest batters in the majors to strike out with an above average sweet-spot rate and gave him the at-bats for the small sample size to fade and the trends to shine.

That was about the time, Burleson said, that he sparked with Ward’s instruction.

“He’s got such great contact skills, and he’s got a good swing that his strength becomes his weakness,” Ward said. “Hey, I can hit anything. He can spoil a pitch. Spoil, make contact – all that maybe he shouldn’t. I’ve been on him to look for your pitch and keep that approach for three straight at-bats against certain starters. You be the ownership of what you’re going to do.”

In the cage before a recent game, Burleson told Ward that his approach was going to be “sit” on the starter’s breaking ball – and hammer it if he got it. Ward told him he should tell the whole team that during the hitter’s meeting. Ward wanted Burleson to commit to it and felt saying it in front of his teammates and seeing their reaction would get that result.

Burleson did.

A few at-bats into the game, he got that breaking ball.

He doubled.

“Guys here, they have the best stuff in the world, right?” Burleson said. “They have the best breaking stuff, the best fastballs, and yes I’m confident I can hit all of it. But in the same breath, I have to be able to hone that in and hit what I need to hit. If I need to put a ball in play I’m confident I can put a ball in play. If there’s nobody on, nobody out, there’s no need for me to just slap a single.”

Burleson started at first base Tuesday, and he’s scored playing time in the outfield and at designated hitter. He planned to use time this offseason to address the defensive aspect of his game, so that he could become more reliable in addition to being versatile.

A lot of that will be speed work that isn’t slowed by his finger injury.

“Get faster,” he said of his goals. “Not sure if God will allow that. Just be more athletic, move better. I think I have the baseball I.Q. to play defense. I can play defense up here if I can get my body to move better.”

Burleson intended to use the final weeks of the season to build momentum from his work with Ward to a winter where those strides in the cage would become the focus.

A slide into third delayed his offseason swings.

The next few weeks will be spent recovering from what treatment is prescribed for the broken thumb. Once it heals and Burleson’s grip strength returns, the same goal will be there waiting for him.

He’ll be back in the swing – just not at everything.

“I was going to take these last two weeks to kind of prove that I belong here,” Burleson said late Tuesday, his injured thumb resting on the top of a chair. “I chase pitches, especially with two strikes. I expand the zone, even when I shouldn’t. I know this – what are balls and what are strikes. Yeah, this goes back to it’s a blessing and a curse. I’ll get myself out more of the times than the pitcher will get me out. Yes, I have good bat-to-ball skills. But in the same breath I have to use that to my advantage.

“So, still a work in progress.”

Adam Wainwright celebrates 200 wins

On the start after reaching 199 wins, Adam Wainwright won his 200th game on Monday, Sept. 18, 2023. Here's Post-Dispatch coverage of the win, …

Photos: Brewers 7, Cardinals 3

Milwaukee Brewer infielder Josh Donaldson checks on Cardinal infielder Alec Burleson on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, after he injured himself sliding into third base in the first inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals starting pitcher Drew Rom throws on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the first inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals infielder Alec Burleson is attended to by trainer Adam Olsen on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, as manager Oliver Marmol looks on in the first inning of a game against the Brewers at Busch Stadium.

Christian Gooden, Post-Dispatch

Cardinal infielder Alec Burleson takes a moment to recover on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, after injuring himself sliding into third base in the first inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals starting pitcher Drew Rom throws on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the third inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals left-handed pitcher Drew Rom throws in the third inning against the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. 

Christian Gooden, Post-Dispatch

Cardinals starting pitcher Drew Rom regroups on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, as Brewer batter William Contreras rounds the bases in the third inning of a game at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Milwaukee Brewer infielder Josh Donaldson passes Cardinal catcher Andrew Knizner as he crosses home plate on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, to score the go-ahead run in the third inning of a game at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals outfielder Lars Nootbaar chases a double hit by Brewers hitter Sal Frelick on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the third inning at Busch Stadium.

Christian Gooden, Post-Dispatch

St. Louis Cardinal batter Richie Palacios celebrates as he arrives home on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, after hitting a 5th-inning home run in a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Milwaukee outfielder Blake Perkins makes a catch on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, to rob Cardinal batter Lars Nootbar of a sixth-inning hit in a game at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Richie Palacios belts a home run for the Cardinals in the fifth inning of a game against the Brewers on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, at Busch Stadium.

Christian Gooden, Post-Dispatch

Cardinals pitcher Drew Verhagen throws on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the seventh inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

The Cardinals’ Richie Palacios reacts after grounding out in the seventh inning against the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, at Busch Stadium.

Christian Gooden, Post-Dispatch

Cardinals pitcher Casey Lawrence throws on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

St. Louis Cardinal batter Luken Baker singles on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the ninth inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

St. Louis Cardinal outfielder Jordan Walker makes a catch on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the second inning of a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Cardinals pitcher Casey Lawrence throws on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium.

Christian Gooden

Milwaukee Brewer infielder Carlos Santana tosses a ball hit by Cardinals batter Tommy Edman for an out on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, in the fourth inning of a game at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden

Home plate umpire Vic Carapazza feels his toe on Tuesday, Sep. 19, 2023, after getting hit in the foot in the second inning of a game between the Milwaukee Brewers and St. Louis Cardinals at Busch Stadium in St. Louis, Mo. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com

Christian Gooden
Play Video

Sports columnists Jeff Gordon and Ben Frederickson discuss how the race to make the postseason in the National League has become must-see TV. The Cardinals have no place in it, but they can pull the rug out from beneath other teams with a feisty finish.

Ben Frederickson , Jeff Gordon , Christine Tannous
Get in the game with our Prep Sports Newsletter

Sent weekly directly to your inbox!

Sign up!
* I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.
Derrick Goold

Lead baseball writer

Author twitter
 
Author email
Follow Derrick Goold
Related to this story
Nolan Arenado joins other Cardinals regulars on IL, effectively ending his 2023

All-Star third baseman falls shy of 30 home runs and 100 RBIs for the first time since in a full season since 2014. Also: Expected Contreras m…

Manny Machado launches two homers to send streaking Padres past fading Cardinals

Machado's second homer snaps a tie game in the eighth inning shortly after Cardinals fail to execute a bunt. They fall, 4-2, at Petco Park.

Why losing pitch was 'perfect' test for Cardinals' rookie Matthew Liberatore in new role

'That’s what you want to find out about him. Give him that experience,' says manager about choosing rookie highest-leverage spot that became 4-2 loss.

Back to reality: Bevy of Brewers' doubles eliminate Cardinals, officially, from playoff race

Division-leading Milwaukee hits four consecutive doubles against starter Drew Rom to erase a lead and run away with 7-3 victory Tuesday.

Cardinals great Adam Wainwright wills his way to 200th win. 'For tonight, I was me.'

'It’s kind of meant to be,' says teammate after veteran throws seven scoreless innings in taut 1-0 victory against the Milwaukee Brewers at Bu…

200! Adam Wainwright outwits, outpitches in outstanding win for history, for Cardinals

Catcher Willson Contreras provides the lone run as Wainwright pitches seven scoreless innings to claim the 200th win of his career, joining Je…

Hochman: Adam Wainwright and St. Louis — a love story

It was fitting that the Cardinals' Adam Wainwright pitched a vintage performance to get win No. 200 — as if it was to represent so many of the…

Adam Wainwright may not start again this season after earning 200th win: Cardinals Extra

Cardinals pitcher Adam Wainwright will not start this coming weekend in San Diego, but he could make one final start at home.

Cardinals fall behind early and can't recover in 8-2 loss to the Brewers

The Cardinals fell behind by three runs before they'd taken a single swing in an 8-2 loss to the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday night.

Zack Thompson takes the hill for Cardinals in third game of four vs. Brewers at Busch

After splitting the first two games, the Cardinals continue a home series Wednesday against the Brewers. First pitch is set for 6:45 p.m.

Cardinals recover from blown lead in 9th, execute in extras to end Padres' winning streak

Cardinals score three runs with only two hits in the 11th inning to take a 5-2 victory at Petco Park on Saturday night. Padres fall to 0-12 in…

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Pinterest
 
Instagram
Feast Magazine
Ladue News
STL High School Sports
STL Pinch Hits
Sites & Partners
Apps
Archives
Calendar
Chats
Comics & games
Contests
E-edition
Forums
Newsletters
Our events
Press releases
Online Features
Submit an event
Get Healthy
Services
Advertise with us
Autos
Classifieds
Contact us
Homes
Jobs
Site help
Subscriber services
Work here
Shopping
© Copyright 2025 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 901 N. 10th St. St. Louis, MO 63101
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stltoday.com/sports/professional/mlb/cardinals/moments-after-another-breakthrough-cardinals-rookie-alec-burleson-breaks-thumb-ends-season/article_72db4480-56ec-11ee-a2b1-4775bdb855d5.html 
 ----- 
