Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
49ers fan shoves Rams' Derion Kendrick to protect Deebo Samuel

After the play was whistled dead, the two players in question were seen arguing

49ers fan (left), Derion Kendrick (middle) and Deebo Samuel (right)FOX NFL
LW
Actualizado 17/09/2023 - 21:22 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. NFL announcer makes cheeky Taylor Swift pun after Travis Kelce scores TD
NFL. Giants' Barkley injured as Jones completes historic comeback win vs. Cardinals

ASan Francisco 49ers fan was seen shoving Los Angeles Rams cornerback Derion Kendrick in the third quarter of his team's 30-23 victory on Sunday at SoFi Stadium. He placed his hands on the NFL player to protect Deebo Samuel during an on-field altercation.

Samuel, 27, had Kendrick beat on a 3rd & 7 play, but 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy threw the ball high over his head. After the play was whistled dead, the two players in question were seen exchanging words as they made their way towards the fan.

Brock Purdy responds to Patrick Peterson saying he'll pick him offNBC Sports Bay Area

The fan was wearing a Niners jersey and a Los Angeles Lakers cap. He shoved Kendrick away from Samuel before seemingly telling the Rams player to "get the f--- away."

Fans are obviously not allowed to touch players, even if they do have field-level seats.

The moment was caught on the FOX broadcast as they were showing a montage of 49ers and Rams players getting chippy with each other.

Deebo Samuel scores after the scuffle

Kendrick, 23, was then shown trying to get an official's attention while pointing at Samuel, likely giving his side of the story.

Samuel went on to score a touchdown on the next San Francisco drive to give them the 27-17 lead at the time.

MORE in MARCA
Travis Kelce...
Marca
Experts warn...
Marca

The 49ers are now 2-0 ahead of their Thursday Night Football home game against the New York Giants.

Rams, meanwhile, are 1-1 and look to keep the Cincinnati Bengals winless next Monday Night Football.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
Los Angeles Rams - English
Deebo Samuel - English
NFL2023 NFL season: Full Week 1 scores & recaps of Sunday games
Pittsburgh SteelersDan Orlovsky gets away with harsh 'dump truck' joke about Dwayne Haskins
San Francisco 49ersBrock Purdy stays relevant as Kenny Pickett brushes off Steelers' loss to 49ers
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/18/6507b042ca4741da758b45a3.html 
 ----- 
