Skip to main content
SECTIONS
REGIONAL LIVE CAMERAS: Bethlehem: Hotel Bethlehem | Main Street Reading: Penn Street Easton: Downtown Poconos: Jim Thorpe | Stroudsburg
Home Sports NBA Basketball
NBA Basketball
Pelicans F Zion Williamson draws one-game team suspension
Field Level Media Jan 10, 2025 Updated 17 hrs ago  0
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email

Jan 7, 2025; New Orleans, Louisiana, USA; New Orleans Pelicans forward Zion Williamson (1) reacts after a fouled was not called against the Minnesota Timberwolves during the second half at Smoothie King Center. Mandatory Credit: Matthew Hinton-Imagn Images

Matthew Hinton-Imagn Images
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

New Orleans Pelicans forward Zion Williamson was suspended for Friday night's road game against the Philadelphia 76ers for a violation of team policies, vice president of operations David Griffin announced.

According to ESPN, Williamson was late for Thursday's flight to Philadelphia with the rest of the traveling party waiting for a lengthy time period.

It apparently isn't the first time Williamson has been late for a team-related activity.

Local Trending News
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
This Simple Hydration Hack Will Change Your Daily Routine
Liquid I.V.
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
She is Married to the Most Handsome Man on Earth
healthtrition

"There were several occasions that led up to this and that's how we got to this decision," New Orleans coach Willie Green said during his pregame press conference.

Williamson expressed his sorrow for the situation through a statement.

"I take full responsibility for this suspension," Williamson said. "I've worked extremely hard in rehab to get healthy to deliver for this team. There is no excuse for being late to team activities. I have apologized to (Pelicans owner) Mrs. (Gayle) Benson and my teammates and coaches and I also owe an apology to the fans. I can and will be better as a teammate and member of this organization."

Williamson is slated to rejoin the team on Saturday. New Orleans visits the Boston Celtics on Sunday.

Green said the team will look ahead.

"He apologized for his mistakes," Green said. "He's taken accountability. For us, we put the statement out and now we move forward and get ready for tonight's game."

Friday is New Orleans' 39th game. Williamson has played in just seven of them this season due to a hamstring injury and is averaging 22.6 points, 7.7 rebounds and 5.1 assists.

Since he was the No. 1 overall pick in 2019, Williams has played in just 191 games while proving to be injury prone. He has career averages of 24.6 points, 6.6 rebounds and 4.2 assists.

The Pelicans sustained another blow Friday by announcing that forward Herb Jones is out indefinitely with a torn labrum in his right shoulder.

The damage was detected during an MRI exam performed Thursday.

"It's a difficult blow for Herb and our entire group," Green said. "He means so much to our team and to our organization To not have him on the floor with our guys, it's definitely a blow to our group."

Jones left Wednesday's 119-100 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers after taking three shots from the floor in 18 minutes.

Jones, 26, has averaged 10.3 points with 3.9 rebounds and 3.3 assists in 20 games (all starts) this season. He also is a standout defender and is averaging 1.9 steals per game.

In four NBA seasons, all with New Orleans after he was drafted in the second round in 2021 out of Alabama, Jones has averaged 10.1 points with 3.8 rebounds and 2.5 assists in 240 games (231 starts).

--Field Level Media

Originally published on fieldlevelmedia.com, part of the BLOX Digital Content Exchange.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Nba News Top Story
More Sports
1:24
BCIAA individual wrestling gets underway at Reading
13 hrs ago
1:06
Phantoms win streak snapped by Hartford
14 hrs ago
2:15
Liberty boys and girls record big wins over Nazareth
14 hrs ago
+3
AP
Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during World Series banned from all MLB games
18 hrs ago
Jalen Hurts clears final step in concussion protocol, will start for Eagles on Sunday
20 hrs ago
Penn State falls short of National Championship game with last second loss to Notre Dame
Jan 9, 2025
1:28
Exeter, Wyomissing boys win crossover contests
Jan 9, 2025
1:32
Lehighton boys, Northwestern girls pick up league wins
Jan 9, 2025
Injured Penn State All-American Abdul Carter starts in Orange Bowl game against Notre Dame
Jan 9, 2025
3 non-worship items have been reported
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
 
Email
RIGHT NOW
30°
Cloudy
Humidity: 67%
Cloud Coverage: 69%
Wind:  6 mph
UV Index: 1 Low
Sunrise: 07:24:35 AM
Sunset: 04:55:37 PM
Today

Cloudy with some breaks of sun late in the day. A bit breezy in the afternoon.

Tonight

Becoming partly to mostly clear overnight; breezes diminish.

Tomorrow

A mix of sun and clouds with a more seasonable chill.

More from the Newsroom
NJ mother who overcame loss excited about legislation that would give bereavement time after stillbirths, miscarriages
WATCH: WFMZ Reporter Priscilla Liguori says goodbye to viewers, colleagues on her last day at WFMZ
Medieval folklore brings professor from Allentown, his students overseas to produce epic music video
'Sounded in mayday': 2 firefighters injured, 6 displaced after crews battle fire at home in Spring Twp.
Reports: Rep. Dan Meuser considers running for Pa. governor
Event in Wyomissing highlights ways to spot scams
'Things fall through': Firm withdraws plan for warehouses at former Dana property in Berks
Children with special needs receive adaptive bikes, strollers in Lehigh Valley
Bethlehem man's unique views land him spot in Podcast Hall of Fame
Local broom maker sets up shop at Pa. Farm Show
MORE FROM THE NEWSROOM »
Most Popular
 Articles
'Inappropriate,' 'completely unacceptable': BASD addresses social studies assignment
Current officer, former officer with Allentown Police Department face rape charges
Coroner IDs Reading man killed on Route 222 in Berks
NJ mother who overcame loss excited about legislation that would give bereavement time after stillbirths, miscarriages
1 deceased after Rt.222 crash early Friday morning
'We're so excited': Lehigh Valley coffee shop expands with new roastery and cafe
Police investigate after item resembling noose found on employee's desk; council members call it hate crime
Come hungry to new all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ, hot pot spot, opening Sunday in Whitehall
Lehigh Valley’s 1st drive-thru Wawa closes after less than a year
Popular Mexican restaurant to debut new Lehigh Valley pick-up, delivery spot
Sports News Direct from Area Businesses

A Service from PR Newswire

+2
SPONSORED
REMAINING TICKETS ON SALE WITH 100 DAYS-TO-GO UNTIL 'OUT OF THIS WORLD' ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP 2024
By ICC Men’s T20 World CupFeb 23, 2024
+2
SPONSORED
Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay Nation Donates $50,000 to MESA Foundation
By Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay NationFeb 23, 2024
+2
SPONSORED
Varsity Spirit Announces Exciting Onsite Activations by Fabletics at Remaining Season Events
By Varsity SpiritUpdated Feb 26, 2024
SPONSORED
24 Hour Fitness Doubles Down on Women's Soccer Support with San Diego Wave FC in 2024
By 24 Hour Fitness USA, LLCUpdated Feb 26, 2024
SPONSORED
AVENUE SPORTS FUND INVESTS IN THE NEW YORK MAVERICKS OF THE PBR TEAMS LEAGUE
By Avenue Capital GroupFeb 23, 2024
Sections
Home
News
Traffic
Sports / Health
Entertainment
Features
Community
Business
Games
About Us
Site search
Services
Calendar
Mobile and Free Apps
WFMZ+ Streaming
Email Alerts
Text Alerts
Search
Weather
Stormcenter - Worship Application
Stormcenter - School / Business Application
Employment
Internships
FCC Public File
EEO Report
Closed Captioning Problems Hotline: 610.841.4982
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
 
Email
 
iOS App
 
Android App
 
OTT
WFMZ.com
300 East Rock Road
Allentown, PA 18103
Phone: LV: 610.797.4530 || Berks: 610.372.6969
Email: news @ WFMZ . com

Set your news alerts here!
WFMZ-TV 69 News provides news, weather, traffic, sports and family programming for the Lehigh Valley, Berks County, Southeastern Pa., Poconos and Western NJ including Allentown, Bethlehem, Easton, Reading, Kutztown, Emmaus, Quakertown, Stroudsburg, Philadelphia, Jim Thorpe, Doylestown, Phillipsburg, Flemington, Wilmington, and Newark.
This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.


Advertising: Ad Choices  |  Do Not Sell My Info (cookies): Customize Settings
© 2025, Maranatha Broadcasting Company, Inc.  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | Customize Settings
Your Life, your World, your NEWS
Cookie Consent

Our website uses cookies to enhance your experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share some information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.►Learn more about our cookies in our Privacy Policy

Accept Cookies
Customize Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wfmz.com/sports/nba/pelicans-f-zion-williamson-draws-one-game-team-suspension/article_65b59a28-ee9b-5ba1-863b-5826253d7771.html 
 ----- 
