Skip to main content
Welcome, Guest
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
Life
Features
Opinion
Community
Obituaries
Classifieds
Event Calendar
About Maryville
Times-Tribune
Site search
Toggle navigation
Now eliminated, Cubs look to rebound in finale vs. Nationals
Field Level Media Sep 22, 2024 Updated Sep 22, 2024 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email

Sep 21, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Cubs second baseman Nico Hoerner (2) tags out Washington Nationals second baseman Luis García Jr. (2) on an attempted steal during the first inning at Wrigley Field. Mandatory Credit: Matt Marton-Imagn Images

Matt Marton-Imagn Images
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

October baseball won't be in the cards for the Chicago Cubs this year. After officially getting eliminated from postseason contention on Saturday, Chicago will have to rebound on Sunday afternoon for the finale of a four-game series with the visiting Washington Nationals. It was the New York Mets who dealt the Cubs (79-76) the lethal blow, beating the Philadelphia Phillies 6-3 on Saturday to take a seven-game lead over Chicago in the National League wild-card race. New York (86-69) holds the third wild-card spot, and with just seven games left and a 4-3 deficit in the season series with the Mets, the Cubs have no chance of reaching the playoffs. "It's a bummer that it came to an end officially," Chicago's Patrick Wisdom said. "I feel like it kinda slipped through our hands, in a way." Wisdom provided the Cubs' only run during their 5-1 loss to Washington (69-86) on Saturday. He ended left-hander MacKenzie Gore's no-hit bid with one out in the bottom of the seventh, giving a fastball a 421-foot ride to left-center for his eighth homer of the season. Still, Gore dominated the Chicago lineup, something that right-hander Jake Irvin (10-12, 4.07 ERA) hopes to do on Sunday. Irvin has had his struggles against the Cubs, though, going 0-1 with an 8.00 ERA in two career starts against them. Last time out, Irvin went against Chicago's newly minted nemesis -- the Mets. He yielded just one run on four hits in 7 1/3 innings but had to settle for a no-decision in what ended up being a 2-1 loss in 10 innings for the Nationals on Monday. "The beginning of the year, we talked to him about focusing on attacking the strike zone and keeping the ball down, and he did that," Nationals manager Dave Martinez said of Irvin. "He has been really good. "I really felt he really had a chance to make the All-Star team. That's how good he was. He had a little funk after that, then he came right back and he has been really good." Left-hander Shota Imanaga (14-3, 3.03 ERA) is scheduled to start for the Cubs on Sunday. In his most recent outing, Imanaga held the Oakland Athletics to two runs and five hits in six innings on Monday. He fanned 11 and walked three while winning his fifth straight start, 9-2. Over those five games, Imanaga has a 2.73 ERA. He earned a win after giving up three runs on four hits in six innings on Aug. 30 in his only previous start against Washington. But when the southpaw goes back up against the Nationals, he won't have to worry about All-Star shortstop CJ Abrams. Washington optioned Abrams to Triple-A Rochester on Saturday, with multiple media outlets reporting the move came as a result of the player's all-nighter at a Chicago-area casino ahead of the Nationals' game against the Cubs on Friday. First pitch of that contest was set for 1:20 p.m. local time. "I just want it to be known, it wasn't performance-based," Martinez said of the decision to demote Abrams. "It's an internal issue. I'm not gonna give specifics or talk about specifics because I need to keep these guys ... on the down low." Infielder Trey Lipscomb was brought up to take Abrams' roster spot. He did not play on Saturday. --Field Level Media

Originally published on fieldlevelmedia.com, part of the BLOX Digital Content Exchange.

(0 Ratings)
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
×

Welcome! We hope that you enjoy our free content.

Tags
Mlb Story Preview News
Athletes of the Week Maryville
Athlete of the Week: Maryville
Jackson Dredge, Basketball — 17 points in win over Falls City
Jalea Price, Basketball — 24 points in win over Falls City
Kyler Skidmore, Basketball — 10 points in win over Falls City
Vote View Results
Athlete of the Week: Area schools
Athlete of the Week: Area
Maleeah Bliley, Platte Valley — 19 points in win over Mound City
Tye Hoyt, Nodaway Valley — 14 points in win over East Atchison
Trevin Wyllie, North Nodaway — 23 points in loss to Stewartsville-Osborn
Vote View Results
Athlete of the Week: Northwest
Athlete of the Week: Bearcats
Lindsey Kelderman, WBB — 14 points against Nebraska-Kearney
Emorie Knox, MBB — 24 points against Nebraska-Kearney
Trey Moala, MBB — Career-high 15 points against Nebraska-Kearney
Vote View Results
Read the latest e-Edition
The Maryville Forum
Click on the image to the left to view the latest e-Edition of The Maryville Forum
Read The Post
The Post
Click on the image to the left to view the latest e-Edition of The Post.
AT THE NEW NODAWAY HUMANE SOCIETY
Adorable Animals up for Adoption
Handsome Tommy
Reader Services
Subscribe
Where to buy a paper
Local Events
The Maryville Forum e-Edition
Post E-Edition
Special Sections
About Maryville
Submit Your News
Classifieds
Promote Your Event
Online Forms to Submit
Obituaries
Letters to the Editor
Advertise
Contact Information
maryvilleforum.com
111 E. Jenkins P.O. Box 188
Maryville, MO 64468
Phone: 660-562-2424
Email: news@maryvilleforum.com

Contact the Staff
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
© Copyright 2025 The Maryville Forum 111 E. Jenkins P.O. Box 188, Maryville, MO  | Terms of Service  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.maryvilleforum.com/sports/other/now-eliminated-cubs-look-to-rebound-in-finale-vs-nationals/article_354ceab2-a29b-57a7-b6ce-0d3d6df94493.html 
 ----- 
