Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
MLB continues to showcase “El Béisbol Es Otra Cosa” with new player content & events throughout Hispanic Heritage Month
Share
MLB continues to showcase “El Béisbol Es Otra Cosa” with new player content & events throughout Hispanic Heritage Month
Established Brand Campaign Debuts New Features, Integrated PLAY BALL Event & Celeb Collabs in On-Going Celebration of Culture Around the Game; Clubs Feature In-Park Recognitions & Social Extensions Around Efforts and Impact of Latine Players & Fans on Baseball
September 12th, 2024
Share

Major League Baseball and its Clubs look to put an even brighter spotlight on the impact and contributions of the Latine community throughout baseball during Hispanic Heritage Month.

Under the umbrella of MLB’s established brand campaign launched in May “El Béisbol Es Otra Cosa” (Baseball is Something Else), the League will premiere new content and features around player stories, new social-first pieces with creators, celebrities, fans, and players and leverage the League’s youth participation initiative, PLAY BALL, for a special event in New York showcasing vitilla, a version of stickball played prevalently in the Dominican Republic.

New content pegged to debut during Hispanic Heritage Month includes a short documentary presented by Corona that tells the story of the Zorilla Baseball League, NYC’s oldest amateur baseball league and how it fosters community across different Latin American nationalities. In addition, MLB, Las Mayores and its dedicated country accounts will highlight Latino players on their rise to the Majors, connecting them with legends from their respective countries they admired and discussing the impact their stories have in their communities as well as highlight different Latino legends each day across their social platforms. In addition, MLB players will post custom videos and graphics throughout the month celebrating their heritage and MLB.com will feature profile on Roberto Clemente Award nominees and Latino player spotlights throughout the duration of the celebration. In a special “El Béisbol Es Otra Cosa” player spotlight presented by Corona, Fernando Tatis Jr. unboxes a pair of custom hand-painted cleats made by Dominican artist Angurria that reflect Tatis’ background and his approach to baseball and life. During the profile, Fernando talks about having fun on and off the field, how his heritage reflects his personal style and style of play and what the Fine Life means to him. The overarching “El Béisbol es Otra Cosa” spot that stars comedian/actor Marcello Hernández & Puerto Rican multi-platinum rapper and singer Myke Towers will continue to be featured in across broadcast, digital, social, and MLB O&O assets.

MLB Network will produce extensive content for on-air and MLB’s digital platforms celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, beginning with a special tease highlighting today’s great Latin American players played to the song, “Bendecido” by Dale Pututi & Randy Malcolm. Daily trivia segments presented by Pure Life will be featured across MLB Network’s Emmy Award-winning MLB Tonight and Quick Pitch. A special vignette presented by Blue Triton will be unveiled every day, honoring a significant moment or Latin American figure in MLB history, ranging from Albert Pujols’ 700th career home run to Fernando Valenzuela’s three Postseason victories in 1981. Mas Plakatas, a new three-part weekly series presented by Delta highlighting the best home runs from Latin American Players will be featured on September 15th, 23rd, and 30th.

This year’s Hispanic Heritage Month efforts are complimentary to the year-round focus the League aims to celebrate and promote Latine culture throughout the game. All Clubs have Spanish-language editorial coverage and various Spanish-language social media platforms to further engage Latino audiences. Las Mayores, the League’s official Spanish platform and dedicated MLB country accounts (MLB Cuba, MLB Venezuela, MLB Dominicana and MLB Puerto Rico) highlight the accomplishments of players and personnel from those unique regions through the year.

Below are more details on some Club celebrations around the League:

Arizona Diamondbacks: The Arizona Diamondbacks hosted their annual Hispanic Heritage Weekend August 30 – September 1, an immersive three-day celebration of Latin music, dance, food, and recognition of some of Arizona’s most influential and inspiring Hispanic leaders and organizations. The D-backs kicked-off the celebration Friday, Aug. 30 with Cuban Heritage Night, celebrating their five Los D-backs Líderes Under 40 Award winners, young leaders who have enhanced Arizona’s Hispanic community. On Saturday, Aug. 31, the team hosted norteño, cumbia group, Grupo Control for a special postgame concert. On Sunday, Sept. 1, the team paid homage to Dominican Republic Heritage by recognizing D-backs DR Academy Student of the Month, Vince Sanchez, and hosting performances by Bella Q Dance Studio, Compania de Danza Folklorica and a Bachata dance class. On Sept. 15, the D-backs will host their annual Puerto Rican Heritage Celebration. The day will be filled with different ways to celebrate, with special performances from Que Candela Dance Company, Orgullo Borricua, and Miguel “Mambo” DeLeon, and a pregame recognition of Roberto Clemente Day.

Atlanta Braves: The Atlanta Braves will host their eighth annual Los Bravos Night on September 25, honoring the impact of the Hispanic and Latino communities within Braves Country and beyond. This year’s event will feature a special Los Bravos Night ticket package that includes a game ticket and Los Bravos hat, with a specially designed underbill that features the flags of Latin American countries. The celebration will leadoff with Latin entertainment, activities, and authentic food for fans to enjoy pregame, including salsa dance and band performances, a Mexican folklórico ballet performance, a Los Bravos Taqueria food truck, and more. Latino players and coaches will be recognized through a special on-field presentation. Throughout Hispanic Heritage Month, the Braves will continue the “Braves Untold” with a special Los Bravos series across digital and social platforms, highlighting stories behind Latin Braves alumni. The Atlanta Braves Foundation will also host the Latin American Association for a special pregame experience in the Community Clubhouse. The Braves will have Los Bravos branded merchandise available across the Braves Clubhouse and Threads beginning September 20.

Related
Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

10 free agents from last year with something to prove

1:07 AM UTC

Baltimore Orioles: In honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, the Baltimore Orioles’ Community Department is excited to welcome students from Highlandtown Elementary/Middle School #237 to Oriole Park at Camden Yards. The students will receive game tickets, concession vouchers, and exclusive access to the field for pre-game batting practice. They will also have the opportunity to meet the team translator and learn about careers in baseball. This initiative reflects the Orioles' commitment to community engagement and celebrating diverse cultures.

Boston Red Sox: The Red Sox will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with a Hispanic Culture Celebration on Friday, September 20th at Fenway Park. The celebration will feature cultural musical performances on Jersey Street prior to the game and pregame ceremonies will honor Latinx members of the community that are dedicated to lifting Latinx voices, as well as Latinx members of the front office staff. Throughout the entire month, the Red Sox will host various community groups dedicated to serving the Latinx community in Boston. In addition to these on-field celebrations, the Red Sox have planned a range of engaging Hispanic Heritage Month activations. The club will offer a free Fenway Park Virtual Tour on social media, narrated in Spanish, ensuring that Red Sox fans both domestically and around the world can enjoy it. Red Sox social media channels will feature celebrations of Latinx players and alumni, weekly wallpaper graphics showcasing players and their native countries, a video story highlighting the Lindos Sueños program, and a "Sounds of the Clubhouse" playlist filled with tracks from Latin artists and players. As part of their commitment to the Latinx community, the club will also support local Latinx-owned businesses throughout the month.

Chicago Cubs: On Monday, September 16, the Chicago Cubs will host a Hispanic and Latino Heritage Celebration at Wrigley Field which will include pregame festivities at Gallagher Way and on the field. At Gallagher Way, fans can purchase authentic Puerto Rican cuisine, savory Latin American street food and more or learn traditional Latin dances such as salsa and bachata before the game. As part of the pregame festivities, the national anthem will be sung by Mexican American and Chicago native Jesus Ramos and culinary social media influencer Alfredo Garcia will throw out a ceremonial first pitch. On September 16, the Cubs also will celebrate Roberto Clemente Day and will award New Life Centers of Chicagoland Chief Executive Officer Matt DeMateo with the Clemente Neighborhood Hero Award.

Chicago White Sox: The Chicago White Sox will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, offering culturally inspired ballpark programming, community activations, and collaborative giveaways that celebrate Hispanic fans and the communities’ rich contributions to the city. Recognitions will begin on Friday, September 13, with Hispanic Heritage Night. The evening’s festivities include a first-of-its-kind La Pantera Alebrije bobblehead. The specially designed Alebrije giveaway spotlights a fantastical symbol deeply rooted in Mexican folk art and culture. Additional programming for Hispanic Heritage Night includes: Tailgate DJ sets, featuring Lemanz and Picudos, both representing Mexican heritage, as well as a performance by blended rock, jazz and soul group Los Perros Cubanos; In-ballpark musical performances by Colombian vallenato group Juvenato and a national anthem rendition by Mariachi Monumental de Mexico; A pregame lotería night, held from the ballpark’s Patio, with special edition tarjetas and tablas; A Hero of the Game recognition for U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Mario Ochoa; and a postgame fireworks show, featuring popular Latin music. Continuing the month’s celebrations, the organization also will participate in the Little Village Mexican Independence Day Parade on September 14. Showcasing a personalized float with charros on horses, staff will hand out giveaways to parade attendees. On September 14-15, the organization will sponsor El Grito, which, for the first time, will be hosted in Chicago’s Grant Park to celebrate Mexican Independence Day. The White Sox will continue to recognize Hispanic organizations and family-owned businesses that are making an impact on Chicago’s South Side, sharing their stories across team platforms and throughout the ballpark.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Cincinnati Reds: The Reds will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with the annual “Fiesta Rojos” on Friday, Sept. 20 with activities in the community and ceremonies at Great American Ball Park. Students from local schools have been invited to visit the P&G MLB Cincinnati Reds Youth Academy for a clinic, Q&A session with Reds players and salsa dancing. When the Reds host the Pirates that evening, many of the pregame and in-game ceremonies will feature members of Cincinnati’s Hispanic community including a live band, Honor Guard with flags from all Spanish-speaking countries, National Anthem, Hometown Hero, First Responder of the Game and the Hispanic Community Advocate Award.

Colorado Rockies: The Colorado Rockies, in conjunction with Somos, will host “Rock with Us: Somos at Coors Field, Latin Americans in Technology” on Sept. 12. Presenters will speak to high school and college students about the impact of the Latin American community across sports and technology. Additionally, the Rockies will host “Los Rockies Night” at Coors Field on Sunday, Sept. 15. The first 10,000 fans in attendance will receive a Los Rockies Jersey.

Detroit Tigers: The Tigers will hold their Hispanic Heritage Night on Friday, September 13, the 19th annual ¡Fiesta Tigres! celebration on Saturday, September 14 and Roberto Clemente Day on Sunday, September 15. Throughout the weekend, there will be pregame music and dancing on the concourse spotlighting Latin American culture. To celebrate the rich contributions of Latinos in baseball, the ballpark will be decorated with banners saluting current Latino Tigers players, in addition to flags representing the home countries of all Tigers players of Latin American descent. On Friday, fans enjoy a postgame concert by Frankie J. and fireworks. The Tigers, Detroit Red Wings and Comerica Bank will also honor Hispanic Heritage Month “Game Changers” by recognizing honorees in a pregame reception. On Saturday, there will be a pregame ceremony honoring the club’s current Latin American players and coaches, a “Tigres” Soccer Jersey fan giveaway, and the Tigers will recognize a former Latin American player as their 2024 Fiesta Tigres honoree. The Detroit Tigers Foundation will also be donating to Latin Americans for Social and Economic Development’s Summer Youth Program and hosting student leaders from the program for batting practice and the game. On Sunday for the series finale, the Tigers will announce their 2024 Roberto Clemente Award nominee.

Houston Astros: The Astros will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month Sept. 20-22. The Astros will wear their Los Astros jerseys throughout the weekend. On Friday, Sept. 20, 10,000 fans will receive a replica Jose Altuve Los Astros Jerseys. Friday Night Fireworks will be themed Latin/Reggaeton. On Saturday, Sept. 21, the Astros will host a Hispanic Heritage Street Festival. fans will be able to enjoy live music, food trucks, yard games, face painters, caricaturists and more. On Saturday, the Astros will also host a pregame United MVP Hispanic Heritage celebration focusing on "Houston's East End - Then and Now." Local Hispanic community leaders and more will be in attendance. On Sunday, Sept. 22, 10,000 fans will take home a Los Astros Wearable Flag to close out Hispanic Heritage Weekend. The Astros Foundation has been working with Bank of America to host a Roberto Clemente Day Essay Writing Contest. The winning essay writer will throw out a ceremonial first pitch on Sept. 19th. The Astros will also celebrate our Roberto Clemente Award nominee, Kyle Tucker, in a pregame ceremony on Sept. 19.

Los Angeles Dodgers: On Tuesday, September 10 the Dodgers host Guatemalan Heritage Night. On Friday, September 20 there will be a Hispanic Heritage-themed drone show. On Saturday, September 21: The Dodgers year-long Viva Los Dodgers pregame program culminates with La Gran Fiesta (live music, player interviews, interactive games, and a chance to win prizes and giveaways). Tuesday, September 24: Día de Los Dodgers, where fans can honor the spirit and memories of beloved family members or friends who introduced you to the love of baseball and the Dodgers. Earlier theme nights include Mexican Heritage Night (Tuesday, May 7) Salvadoran Heritage Night (Tuesday, August 27) and Filipino Heritage Night (Thursday, August 29).

Los Angeles Angels: The Angels will host “Fiesta Angels” on Saturday, September 14th. This free pregame event will feature entertainment for the whole family, including food vendors and live performances from Melrose Band, Grupo Folklorico Chiquina Palafox and Herencia Mariachi Academy. Additionally, the Angels will celebrate Mexican Heritage Night on September 14th. Fans are invited to a pregame Mexican Heritage Village in the stadium’s Rose Garden with a Mexican themed food truck and booths representing local Mexican non-profit organizations. Furthermore, the fourth annual Roberto Clemente Clinic, will take place earlier in the day at a local field in Anaheim. Through this clinic, the Angels will celebrate the life and legacy of the event’s namesake, Roberto Clemente, who was an inspiration to so many players and fans of his era, especially in the Hispanic communities. Roberto’s work with kids and the community were unmatched and the Angels are proud to kick-off Hispanic Heritage Month with this clinic.

Miami Marlins: The Miami Marlins are celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month with activations planned at loanDepot park and in the South Florida community, beginning with a Spanish-language Legends for Youth Clinic, hosted by the Major League Baseball Players Alumni Association and Miami Marlins Foundation on September 14. Held at the Marlins Youth Academy at Babcock Park, the clinic will feature Hispanic Marlins alumni and other former MLB players. On September 17, the club’s 2024 Roberto Clemente Award nominee Jesús Luzardo will help build a new playground at Poinciana Park. With the team on the road for Roberto Clemente Day, the Marlins will celebrate Clemente’s legacy on September 18 with a pre-game on-field ceremony that recognizes Luzardo and the Marlins Roberto Clemente Award winner, given to a staff member who displays Clemente’s commitment to community and understands the value of helping others. September 18 also marks the first of four Hispanic Heritage Month visits to Slugger Schoolhouses, which will include activities that focus on Clemente’s values and legacy, emphasize themes of giving back to others, and educate students on influential past and present Hispanic baseball players. Luzardo will join the first visit, with Marlins front office staff volunteering at each. As part of the organization’s season-long Heritage Series Celebration, the Marlins celebrated the following Hispanic heritages at various Saturday home games: Colombian, Cuban, Dominican, Mexican, Nicaraguan, Puerto Rican, and Venezuelan.

Milwaukee Brewers: Activations on Hispanic Heritage Day on Sunday, September 22. All fans who purchase special Community Day ticket receive a special Brewers t-shirt displaying ball in glove logo with flags; Salsa Band performance and dance classes; Interactive Cork Map to honor and display your Heritage; 360 Photo Opportunity with unique backdrop; Brewers Domino Tables and games; Cumbia DJ on the Home Plate Plaza ; Luchadores appearance; Daync Academy dancers throughout the game (on dugouts); Roberto Clemente Art Contest; Recognizing the Brewers RCA nominee; Live DJ on pedestrian walkway; Dancers on walkway teaching people different dance styles. Assortment of baseballs, keychains, lanyards, decals, pins, magnet, koozies.

Minnesota Twins: The Minnesota Twins will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with a variety of activities at the ballpark, in the community and via the club’s social platforms. On Saturday, September 14, the Twins are proud to sponsor the Latino Economic Development Center’s 20th annual “Taco Tour on Lake Street” in South Minneapolis – a celebration of Latino-owned businesses in one of Minnesota’s treasured and thriving multicultural communities, enriched with Latino food and culture. Sunday, September 15 is “Los Twins” day at Target Field; the first 10,000 fans in attendance will receive a Sugar Skull Bobblehead. A group of Peruvian dancers will perform prior to the game, a Puerto Rican band will play between innings, and all in-ballpark activations that day will honor and celebrate Latino culture. On Saturday, September 21, the Twins will provide equipment, coaching and field space for a free, Spanish-language baseball and softball clinic with St. Paul’s Boriken Cultural Center. The Twins’ English and Spanish-language social channels will feature content throughout the month celebrating the club’s Hispanic players, coaches and staff, including graphics, a curated Spotify playlist, a video spotlighting the club’s Spanish-language broadcast duo of Alfonso Fernandez and Hall of Famer Tony Oliva, and more.

New York Mets: In honor of Roberto Clemente Day, the New York Mets will host Hispanic Heritage Night presented by Toyota on Thursday, September 19. Prior to the game, fans can visit Mets Plaza to enjoy food from Birria-Landia and The Cave Kitchen from 5pm through 7pm. The festivities continue with a special pre-game ceremony honoring Francisco Lindor as the Mets 2024 Roberto Clemente Award nominee, special guests for first pitch and the national anthem, and the Mets Veteran of the game will be Air Force Bronze star recipient Jorge Ledee Jr. Throughout the game, fans can enjoy music during the night from DJ Mega Jay and proceeds from the 50/50 raffle will benefit the Tacombi Foundation. Additionally, Select Mets players will also share their perspective about Hispanic heritage in baseball and their passion for the game.

New York Yankees: The New York Yankees hosted the second annual Hispanic Heritage Media Day for Spanish language media on Tues., Sept. 10. The invitation-only event was a season-ending culmination of the monthly Spanish language press conferences that the Yankees have hosted throughout the last two decades. The event included a roundtable hosted by the Spanish language radio voice of the Yankees, Rickie Ricardo, with a panel featuring Executive Director of the Yankees Latin Baseball Academy Joel Lithgow, Yankees Director of Player Development Mario Garza, Yankees Infielder/Outfielder Oswaldo Cabrera and Bullpen Catcher Rainiero Coa and separate press sessions with Yankees Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian Cashman, Yankees Vice President of Player Development Kevin Reese, outfielders Aaron Judge, Juan Soto and Jasson Domínguez, and pitcher Gerrit Cole. The Yankees also announced the “Armando Talavera Summer Internship” in honor of the former Yankees Spanish language radio broadcaster and Latino media advocate who passed away in May 2024. On Sept. 15, Marcus Stroman will be recognized in a pregame ceremony for being the Yankees’ 2024 nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award and the Yankees will host a suite fundraiser for the Hispanic Federation, along with a pregame ceremony recognizing the organization. On Sept. 24, the Yankees will bestow their annual Hispanic Heritage Month Community Achievement Awards to individuals and organizations making a profound difference in the lives of our community. This year’s winners are the National Puerto Rican Day Parade (NPRDP), Grand Slam Foundation (Bronx Little League) and the New York League of Puerto Rican Women (NYLPRW). As part of the “Rep Your Flag” program, fans can purchase tickets for these games (9/15 and 9/24-29) and receive a Yankees cap co-branded with the Latin American flag of their choice on the side and the interlocking NY in the flag’s colors.

Oakland Athletics: On September 6, the A's hosted Latin & Hispanic Heritage Night during which the team brought in Bay Area sports Latin ERG groups for batting practice and the game, pregame happy hour and lotería in the Treehouse, and a pregame Major League Mindset with two Latin ERG representatives as well as right-handed pitcher Osvaldo Bido. The night also included an Atleticos fútbol jersey stadium giveaway, a pregame performance on the field by Ballet Folklorico Netzahualcoyotl, and a rendition of the national anthem by Mariachi Mexicanisimo.

Philadelphia Phillies: The club hosted its 22nd annual Phillies Latino Family Celebration on August 26, at Citizens Bank Park, featuring music and entertainment to celebrate the Latino culture. Highlights included performances by Palante Dance Company, Melissa Rosario and Esencia Latina, as well as the presentation of the Goya Family Service Award to Asociación Puertorriqueños en Marcha (APM), a Latino-based health, human services, community and economic development non-profit organization serving the Philadelphia area. In addition, the club will participate in several Hispanic Heritage Month events including Concilio’s 2024 Annual Awards Gala, which honors the actions and achievements of leaders in Philadelphia’s Latino communities, and the 40th Feria Del Barrios Festival, which celebrates North Philadelphia’s Latino culture, family, economic and educational aspirations.

Pittsburgh Pirates: The Pirates celebrated Hispanic Heritage Month on September 7th by having Hispanic Pirates Players run out on the field, pre-game with their countries’ flags. The day featured Hispanic music in game as well. Fans were invited to celebrate in a special ticketed event that includes a stylish Piratas baseball cap and also supports a great cause, with a portion of the ticket purchase contributing to the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Scholarship Fund.

St. Louis Cardinals: Willson Contreras teamed up with the Cardinals and Cardinals Care to support the I Love Venezuela Foundation with a special ticket offer for the Friday, September 6 and Saturday, September 7 games. In addition to the funds raised through the ticket offer, Cardinals Care and Contreras will each make a donation to the I Love Venezuela Foundation. The Cardinals hosted Fiesta Cardenales on September 8 which included pregame festivities with performances from Grupo Lobo Norteño and Dance Society STL. On September 17th, the Cardinals will join MLB in celebrating Roberto Clemente Day. In addition to recognizing the team’s Clemente Award nominee, a group of Cardinals Care Grant Organizations will be recognized during pregame ceremonies to highlight their service to children in the community, in celebration of Clemente’s legacy of philanthropy and community service.

San Diego Padres: The San Diego Padres will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Weekend September 20-22 with three days of festivities. Friday the 20th, the Padres will host the popular Fiesta in the Park featuring live music with a Latin flair and offering pregame drink specials in Gallagher Square. After Friday’s game, fans will be treated to a Postgame Fireworks Show set to the music of some of today’s most popular Spanish-language artists. A special Hispanic Heritage Weekend theme game package is also available for Friday & Saturday with fans receiving a Sugar Skull bobblehead along with their game ticket. Following the regular season home finale on Sunday, Los Tucanes de Tijuana will play a postgame concert at Gallagher Square (special theme game ticket required). Also, in-game entertainment will feature the team’s Hispanic players along with dedicated special pregame ceremonies throughout the three-day celebration.

San Francisco Giants: In honor of Hispanic Heritage Month, the Giants hosted Mexican Heritage Night on Wednesday, September 4. Ticketholders for the sold-out event received a hat designed by Jesse Hernandez of Urban Aztec and partial proceeds from each special event ticket benefited organizations within the Bay Area Mexican community. On Sunday, September 15, the Giants will host Fiesta Gigantes at Oracle Park celebrating Hispanic culture with dancing and musical performances and highlighting the work of nonprofits serving local Hispanic communities. Before the game, fans can join the Giants, family of Orlando Cepeda, Juan Marichal and Dusty Baker in attending Cepeda’s celebration of life. Orlando loved a great party with lots of people, festivities and good music - making Fiesta Gigantes the perfect atmosphere to honor the Baby Bull, Hall of Famer and Giants legend’s remarkable life. Together with Major League Baseball, the Giants will also celebrate the life and legacy of Roberto Clemente by recognizing the team’s 2024 Roberto Clemente Award nominee.

Tampa Bay Rays: The Rays will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with a social media rebrand and various online activations, including highlighting players and staff of Hispanic descent, as well as a recent visit to the Dominican Republic. Members of the Rays community engagement team recently joined Rays Academy staff members to deliver school supplies, backpacks, uniforms, shoes, hygiene products and Rays giveaway items to students at Escuela Basica Patria Mirabal, a primary school adjacent to the Rays Academy in Guerra, Dominican Republic. Additionally, the Rays hired a local contractor to replace the school’s roof, install a new water pump, an additional restroom, expanded gazebo, and indoor and outdoor paint. On Friday, September 20, the Rays will celebrate Roberto Clemente Day at home and provide game coverage on social media exclusively in Spanish. Pregame ceremonies will honor and recognize leaders in the Tampa Bay Hispanic community, with ceremonial first pitches thrown out by Tampa Hispanic Heritage Inc.’s Hispanic Woman and Man of the Year - Andrea Gonzmart Williams and Rafael Gonzalez, Esq. In recognition of Clemente’s humanitarian efforts, the Rays will partner with fans and TD SYNNEX to “Pack the Pantries” at Feeding Tampa Bay, and a portion of each Clemente Day special ticket package sold will benefit the charity.

Texas Rangers: The Texas Rangers will relaunch its Los Rangers Brand on its social accounts (FB, Insta, X), which is meant to authentically engage Texas Rangers fans within the Hispanic/Latinx community, specifically, the Mexican American & Chicano community of the North Texas region. They will then celebrate Hispanic culture at Hispanic Heritage Night on Saturday, September 21. The festivities kick off with Mariachi de Los Texas Rangers, who will bring vibrant mariachi music to life both pre-game and during the game, enhancing the atmosphere and engaging fans. After the final pitch, fans can continue the celebrations at Texas Live! for the grand finale of the Viva Tejas Event Series. There will be a dynamic performance by Dallas-Fort Worth's renowned salsa group Havana NRG and savor delicious offerings from local Hispanic food vendors. Mariachi De Los Texas Rangers is the official mariachi band that performs at Texas Rangers baseball home games and home playoff games. Since 2022, this dynamic ensemble has brought the vibrant sounds of mariachi music to Globe Life Field, enhancing the game day experience with their cultural flair. The band, consisting of eight talented Mexican musicians from across Texas, plays an integral role in promoting and celebrating Hispanic heritage within the DFW community.

Toronto Blue Jays: The Toronto Blue Jays will auction off player-worn jerseys, hats, and commemorative bases with proceeds going to El Dream, José Berríos’s charitable initiative that benefits children in Canada and Puerto Rico. Throughout the month, the Blue Jays will share unique player compilations across its social media channels, including childhood heroes and memories from their home countries, favourite Hispanic songs, and throwback videos of Hispanic Blue Jays players and alumni. Additional content includes custom player wallpapers and a graphic map showing where the team’s Hispanic players call home.

Washington Nationals: The Nationals will celebrate and honor D.C.’s Hispanic culture during Hispanic Heritage Day on Saturday, Sept. 28. The Nationals will also celebrate the month with their Hispanic Heritage Series, featuring content across their channels that highlights players’ backgrounds and the countries that shaped them. Manager Davey Martinez will continue his Davey’s Dugout series – a monthly meet-and-greet program with local families and individuals of Hispanic heritage. Beginning on Sept. 10, Nationals Park will introduce the “Stand Up Triple Tequeños,” a trio of queso fresco tequeños served with garlic cilantro sauce. The new concession item was selected and taste-tested by Venezuelan players Eduardo Salazar and Juan Yepez, becoming the second player-selected menu item of the season.

Did you like this story?
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-mlb-continues-to-showcase-el-beisbol-es-otra-cosa-with-new-player-content-events-throughout-hispanic-heritage-month 
 ----- 
