Skip to Main Content
Skip to audio player to listen live
Newsletters
♡
DONATE NOW
Menu
Search
Sign in
Sign up
Sports
The Associated Press
Minneapolis
September 12, 2024 7:09 AM
Twins plan to activate Byron Buxton from IL on Friday
Minnesota Twins' Byron Buxton approaches home plate after a solo home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers on July 26 in Detroit. Buxton has been sidelined since Aug. 13 with right hip inflammation.Carlos Osorio/AP
Save
SHARE

The Minnesota Twins plan to activate outfielder Byron Buxton from the 10-day injured list prior to Friday's game against the Cincinnati Reds.

Buxton has been sidelined since Aug. 13 with right hip inflammation. Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli announced the news after Wednesday's 6-4 win against the Los Angeles Angels and said utility player Austin Martin will be optioned to Triple-A St. Paul to make room on the active roster.

Buxton had started a rehab assignment with St. Paul on Sept. 2 and played two games before a recurrence of the injury. He participated in pregame hitting this week off minor league pitchers at Target Field along with shortstop Carlos Correa, who has been out since July 16 with plantar fasciitis.

The oft-injured Buxton, a former All-Star and Platinum Glove winner in center field, is on the injured list for the second time this season. He missed 23 games earlier this season with right knee inflammation and has missed 28 games with this most recent injury.

The 30-year-old has managed to play 90 games this season and two more games would equal the second-most he's played in a season in his career behind the 140 games he played in 2017. Buxton is hitting .275 with 16 homers and 49 RBIs this season.

Turn Up Your Support

MPR News helps you turn down the noise and build shared understanding. Turn up your support for this public resource and keep trusted journalism accessible to all.

♡
DONATE NOW
Timberwolves beat Magic 104-89 for 3rd straight victory
Lack of snow has some northern Minnesota businesses struggling
Vikings wild-card playoff game rescheduled in Arizona due to California wildfires
Minnesota Wild list of key injured players piles up with defensemen Brodin and Faber out
News you can use in your inbox

When it comes to staying informed in Minnesota, our newsletters overdeliver. Sign-up now for headlines, breaking news, hometown stories, weather and much more. Delivered weekday mornings.

SUBSCRIBE
Terms
Program ScheduleStation Directory
Providing Support for MPR. Learn More
♡
DONATE NOW
About MPR News
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Frequently Asked Questions
Fundraising Credentials
More from MPR
Newsletters
Outages
Press
Privacy
Shop
Staff Directory
Stations
Terms
Why Trust Us
Get the app
Stay Connected to MPR News
© 2025 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Volume
ON AIR
LEFT, RIGHT AND CENTER WITH DAVID GREENE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mprnews.org/story/2024/09/12/twins-plan-to-activate-byron-buxton-from-il-on-friday 
 ----- 
