Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Ja Morant's Response to LeBron James' Trash Talk Goes Viral
Ja Morant gave a clap back to LeBron James after the Lakers vs Grizzlies
Farbod Esnaashari | Nov 7, 2024
Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (left) and guard Desmond Bane (right) reacts toward Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) during the second half at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images / Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
In this story:
Memphis Grizzlies
Los Angeles Lakers

The Memphis Grizzlies and Los Angeles Lakers are two teams that share no love for one another. Their mutual dislike of one another is apparent to fans any time these teams meet. This rivalry has been growing since the resurgence of the Grizzlies and the arrival of LeBron James to the Lakers. The Grizzlies took on the Lakers tonight and took home the victory with a final score of 131-114, but not without its fair share of chippiness.

Tonight's game was no different than their previous matchups. Morant felt he was getting fouled most of the game and let his frustrations be heard. Morant's frustrations came to a boiling point late in the 2nd quarter. After Morant pulled an and-1 on Gabe Vincent he quickly taunted the Laker with a "too small" gesture. Immediately after this play, LeBron was guarded by Morant and when Morant hit the ground, LeBron made sure to hit the same taunt right back at Morant.

LeBron's taunt proceeded to go viral on X after the Lakers' social media posted the photo. Morant made sure to get the last word in, even with him being sidelined for the remainder of the second half after Morant injured his hamstring during a failed alley-oop attempt.

Morant took to social media where he clapped back at the Lakers photo with his own post that has since gone viral with over 570,000 views on X.

The dislike these two teams share for one another continues to grow and with both teams feeling disrespected by the other, it doesn't appear that this will end any time soon. The Grizzlies and the Lakers will meet again this month on November 13.

Related Articles

Ja Morant Excites Memphis Grizzlies Fans in Latest Workout Footage

Eight-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Grizzlies Player Joins New Team in Portugal

Ja Morant Reacts to Viral LeBron James and Steph Curry Moment in USA-France

Published Nov 7, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/grizzlies/news/ja-morant-s-response-to-lebron-james-trash-talk-goes-viral-01jc29vzgpzj 
 ----- 
