Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
NBA
JAN 11
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
Postponed
HOU
0
ATL
0
Final
UTAH
106
PHX
114
Final
TOR
114
DET
123
Final
MEM
127
MIN
125
Final
MIA
119
POR
98
Postponed
SA
0
LAL
0
Postponed
CHA
0
LAC
0
Menu
ESPN
	NBA
Home
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Odds
Where To Watch
Fantasy
More
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook have triple-doubles in same game again
play
ESPN News Services
Jan 11, 2025, 01:01 AM ET

Denver's Nikola Jokic and Russell Westbrook made NBA history Friday night, becoming the first pair of teammates to record a triple-double in the same game twice in a single season.

Jokic finished with 35 points, 15 assists and 12 rebounds for his NBA-leading 15th triple-double of the season in the Nuggets' 124-105 win over the Brooklyn Nets. Westbrook had 25 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists.

"I think it's that's the style both of us play," Jokic said. "I'm just glad we're winning the games because that's more important than the stats. It's special, the relationship, how the guys are willing to run the lanes and get to the corner. They know the ball's going to find them."

They are also the first to record a 25-point triple-double in the same regular-season game.

"Wow," Denver coach Michael Malone said. "That's pretty crazy. We're watching history, folks."

EDITOR'S PICKS
The NBA's most surprising and disappointing players, according to league insiders
2dTim Bontemps and Brian Windhorst

The pair also accomplished the feat at Utah on Dec. 30. Jokic had 36 points, 22 rebounds and 11 assists that night while Westbrook had 16 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists. Westbrook made all seven of his shot attempts, both free throw attempts and didn't have a turnover in that game.

Westbrook credited Malone with giving him the freedom to play his game.

"Being able to do that allows me to be able to make guys around me better," Westbrook said Friday. "Try to bring this team some leadership, some energy, some toughness. We're just getting started on figuring it out."

Jokic had missed the previous two games with an illness before returning against the Nets. He went to the bench late in the third quarter one rebound shy of his 145th career triple-double and the Nuggets leading by 18.

Brooklyn rallied to get within five, and Jokic returned and had 9 points, 4 assists and 3 rebounds in the fourth quarter.

Jokic got his 10th rebound after Westbrook blocked Keon Johnson's shot with 6:51 left.

Westbrook had four assists in the fourth to record his 202nd career triple-double, which is the NBA record. It was his third triple-double this season and first in Denver.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/43366190/nuggets-nikola-jokic-russell-westbrook-triple-doubles-same-game 
 ----- 
