Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Play Daily Draw!
Ravens roll, Steelers future murky
Ovi moves closer to Gretzky
UFC Vegas 101 results
Texans dominate Chargers
Boston Celtics respond to recent skid with emphatic, 142-104 blowout of Pacers
Justin Quinn, Celtics Wire
Fri, Dec 27, 2024·2 min read

The Boston Celtics dropped their first pair of games back to back since April 2024 against the Orlando Magic and Philadelphia 76ers early this week, so it was no surprise to see the Celtics come out locked on defense in their home tilt against the Indiana Pacers on Friday (Dec. 27) night. The Pacers kept it close until a 15-2 run in the first quarter broke the game open for Boston.

The destruction continued apace in the game's second frame, with Boston going up by as much as 25 points as the team regained its stroke from deep and the ball movement to make it happen. The Celtics carried a 22-point lead into the penultimate frame, and would push it to 32 points before the fourth quarter began.

The final frame saw the starters get pulled at about the halfway mark as Boston pulled too far ahead to lose, the Celtics ultimately winning 142-104 to get back on track with their highest-scoring game of the season to date.

Celtics standouts
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) passes the ball against the Indiana Pacers in the first quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images

Star forward Jaylen Brown led all scorers with 44 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists, and 4 steals. Costar on the wing Jayson Tatum added 22 points, 13 boards, 4 assists, and 3 steals, and veteran forward Al Horford chipped in 13 points, 5 rebounds, 3 assists, and 1 block.

Reserve guard Payton Pritchard put up 18 points, 8 boards, 10 assists, and 1 steal to lead the bench, and Jordan Walsh added 9 points and 5 rebounds.

Pacers standouts
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Derrick White (9) blocks the shot of Indiana Pacers guard Tyrese Haliburton (0) in the second quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More

Star Pacers floor general Tyrese Haliburton put up a team-high 19 points, along with 9 assists. Bennedict Mathurin added 18 points and 6 boards, and Pascal Siakam put up 14 points and 9 rebounds among the starters.

Off Indy's bench, Jarace Walker (15 points, 5 assists) and Thomas Bryant (12 points, 7 boards) played well also.

Team stats of note
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; The Boston Celtics bench reacts after guard Jaylen Brown (7) shoot a three point basket against the Indiana Pacers in the second half at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More

The Celtics shot 51.1% from the floor to the Pacers being held to 41.8% overall, just above what Boston shot from deep (40.4%) compared to Indiana (just 28.2%).

Boston also won the battle of the boards, grabbing 52 to Indy's 39, and racked up 31 assists to the Pacers' 26.

The Celtics next play the Pacers in a home-and-home miniseries on Sunday, Dec. 29, 2024.

"It seems that billionaires are ruining so many things and why would our beloved #Celtics be any different?"

Checkout @CelticsLab 2024 Festivus podcast⤵️
📺: https://t.co/9vbIUuEN0G
🎧: https://t.co/q5NvtqHk25

⚡️by @PrizePicks & @GameTime - Use Code CLNS pic.twitter.com/ZINZ79awfL

— Celtics on CLNS (@CelticsCLNS) December 23, 2024

Listen to the "Celtics Lab" podcast on:

Apple Podcasts: https://apple.co/3zBKQY6

Spotify: https://spoti.fi/3GfUPFi

Photos of the night
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Payton Pritchard (11) drives the ball against Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner (33) in the second quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) steals the ball and makes the basket against the Indiana Pacers in the second quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics forward Jayson Tatum (0) shoots against Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner (33) in the first quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) makes the basket against Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner (33) in the second quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images
More
Dec 27, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; `7` reacts after his three point basket against the Indiana Pacers in the first quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images

This article originally appeared on Celtics Wire: Celtics respond to recent skid with emphatic, 142-104 blowout of Pacers

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
NBA Power Rankings: Cavaliers-Thunder is a battle of the best two teams, but who's No. 1?

Cleveland and Oklahoma City are on pace to win 73 and 70 games, respectively, and will face each other for the first time this season on Wednesday night.

5d ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers' Joel Embiid suffers sinus fracture vs. Pacers, will be evaluated over weekend

Embiid has suffered orbital fractures on each side of his face during his career.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Bettors backing favorites in each of Sunday's NFL wild-card games

The Rams are the only home team not favored in the remaining four wild-card games.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Patriots' hiring of Mike Vrabel is a full-circle moment. Will it work out like they hope?

There's never any telling when it comes to new coaching hires, but this is about the best-case scenario New England could have hoped for all-around.

19m ago
Yahoo Sports
Broncos vs. Bills score, live updates: Buffalo looks to begin a Super Bowl march against Denver in the wild-card round

MVP candidate Josh Allen faces off against rookie star Bo Nix in this opening-round matchup.

25m ago
Yahoo Sports
Derrick Henry helps bolster belief for Lamar Jackson that this year is going to be different in playoffs for Ravens

The Ravens' best brand of offense this season has been running it like a service academy. In Jackson's last playoff game, the Ravens couldn’t sustain drives vs. KC. This year feels different.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cooper Flagg scores 42 points, breaks Duke's single-game scoring record by a freshman in win over Notre Dame

Flagg moved ahead of Zion Williamson on Duke's all-time single-game freshman scoring list.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame & Ohio State win all time classics to reach the National Championship | College Football Enquirer

Following a memorable and exciting Semifinal round, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde recount the Cotton Bowl and Orange Bowl.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

3d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Lakers coach JJ Redick emotionally recounts losing home to wildfires: 'It is complete devastation'

JJ Redick and his family lost stuff in the Los Angeles wildfires that can't be replace.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/boston-celtics-respond-recent-skid-031246104.html 
 ----- 
