Mon, 13 Jan 2025

 Menu
VOLUME NO. 0205/16
Two days after blowout win, Celtics face Pacers again

Field Level Media
29 Dec 2024, 09:40 GMT+10

(Photo credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images)

Jaylen Brown and the Boston Celtics will attempt to beat the visiting Indiana Pacers at home for the second time in three nights when the teams meet Sunday.

Brown scored a season-high 44 points in Boston's 142-105 victory over Indiana on Friday.

Brown also had four steals in the win and became the fourth player in franchise history to have at least 40 points and at least four steals in a regular-season game. The others are Larry Bird, Paul Pierce, Dee Brown and Antoine Walker.

"People don't pay enough attention to (defense), but I feel like I'm one of the best two-way players in the world," Brown said. "I try to hang my hat on that side by doing different assignments, like picking up guys full court, chasing guys off screens, switching onto bigs. That takes a lot of energy."

Brown's effort helped the Celtics end a two-game losing streak -- the first time they lost consecutive games this season.

"What he is capable of doing, and at his size, you don't see many people picking up full-court like that, guarding the best guards in the world," Boston's Payton Pritchard said. "Usually somebody his size would guard a wing, but he's picking up the best point guards in the world full-court and then, like he said, scoring 25 (per game).

"People don't really understand how difficult that really is. They overestimate what that takes. He should definitely be in the All-Defensive Team category because we give him the hardest assignments. It's an exhausting thing, and he's creating havoc and making things tough every night. So they definitely need to take notice."

Defense was lacking from Indiana on Friday. The 142 points the Celtics scored are the most given up by the Pacers in a game this season. Boston shot 51.1 percent from the field, including 23 of 56 (41.1 percent) from 3-point range.

The Pacers were also outrebounded 52-39.

"I mean we didn't get any stops the whole night, and then offensively we didn't shoot the ball well," Indiana's Tyrese Haliburton said. "You give up (18) offensive rebounds and you don't shoot the ball well against Boston, that's what it's going to look like. We get to see them again Sunday. That's the best part about the NBA."

The Pacers shot 41.8 percent from the floor and were 11 of 39 (28.2 percent) from 3-point range (28.2 percent). Haliburton led the way with 19 points and nine assists. Bennedict Mathurin added 18 points.

Indiana was coming off Thursday's 120-114 loss to Oklahoma City that ended the team's five-game winning streak.

"It's a tough situation coming in back-to-back, but it's the NBA schedule," Indiana head coach Rick Carlisle said. "There were so many problems out there (Friday). They cause major problems with their star players and shooting ability.

"In the first half, the offensive rebounding was the biggest problem. Untimely, turnovers were a problem as well. They have a lot of underrated guys over there. This is not about excuses. We just have to play better. ... We're going to, obviously, have to be a lot better with everything on Sunday."

Sunday's matchup will be the third and final game between the teams during the regular season. Indiana won the first meeting 135-132 in overtime on Oct. 30.

--Field Level Media

Share article:
 Share
Subscribe and Follow

Get a daily dose of Philippine Times news through our daily email, its complimentary and keeps you fully up to date with world and business news as well.

Subscribe Now
NEWS RELEASES

Publish news of your business, community or sports group, personnel appointments, major event and more by submitting a news release to Philippine Times.

More Information
null in null
International
Section
Ten Israeli troops have died in recent days in Gaza
 

Ten Israeli soldiers have been killed in recent days in northern Gaza, where the Israeli army has been conducting a ...

Flights canceled, schools shut across US South after winter storm
 

DALLAS, Texas: A strong winter storm hit the southern U.S. this week, bringing heavy snow and icy conditions. Schools were ...

Energy czar appointed to tackle Puerto Rico's power crisis
 

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico: In a decisive move to address Puerto Rico's ongoing power crisis, Governor Jenniffer Gonzalez Colon has ...

Elk stuck on ice climbing route rescued by Colorado wildlife officials
 

LAKE CITY, Colorado: Wildlife officials and ice climbers worked together to rescue a bull elk stuck on a cliff in ...

North Carolina receives grants of $1.65 billion for Helene recovery
 

ASHEVILLE, North Carolina: North Carolina is receiving over US$1.65 billion from the federal government to help recover from the severe ...

Trump calls California governor "Newscum"
 

LOS ANGELES, California (ANI/Big News Network): After U.S. President-elect Donald Trump blamed him for the Los Angeles wildfires, California Governor ...

Business
Section
Big citrus grower from Florida decides to cease operations
 

ORLANDO, Florida: Alico Inc., one of Florida's largest citrus growers, announced plans to wind down its citrus operations after this ...

Malaysia, Singapore sign agreement to set up special economic zone
 

KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia: In a rare collaborative move, Malaysia and Singapore have signed an agreement to establish a special economic ...

FDA issues new guidelines to limit lead levels for some baby foods
 

WASHINGTON, D.C.: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has introduced new guidelines to limit lead levels in certain baby ...

Business groups back Georgia's move to curb lawsuits, lawyers say no
 

ATLANTA, Georgia: Governor Brian Kemp and Republican lawmakers are renewing efforts to limit civil lawsuits, reigniting a debate that pits ...

McDonald's drops plans to implement DEI programs
 

CHICAGO, Illinois: McDonald's announced it is scaling back some of its diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programs, citing a 2023 ...

Strong economic data sends U.S. stocks, bonds tumbling
 

NEW YORK, New York - U.S. payrolls rose by 256,000 in December, against expectations of 155,000, the U.S. Bureau of ...

Movie Review
The Stranger
Stranger
About us
Contact us
News Releases
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Archives
Sitemap
Weather
Network

© Copyright 1999-2025 Philippine Times. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philippinetimes.com/news/274893699/two-days-after-blowout-win-celtics-face-pacers-again 
 ----- 
