SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
SON SCORES BUT SOUTH KOREA HELD BY THAILAND IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER
Son scores but South Korea held by Thailand in World Cup qualifier
AFP,
21.03.2024 13:59
South Korea forward Son Heung-Min celebrates
AFP
Son Heung-min scored but South Korea were held 1-1 at home by Thailand in a World Cup qualifier on Thursday in their first match since the sacking of Jurgen Klinsmann.

It was also the first game since revelations about a bust-up between skipper Son and Paris Saint-Germain's Lee Kang-in at the Asian Cup, where South Korea lost 2-0 to Jordan in the last four.

Son was left with a dislocated finger in the fracas at their team hotel in Qatar on the eve of the semi-final.

Lee started on the bench on Thursday but came on soon after Thailand grabbed a shock equaliser in Seoul, with Suphanat Mueanta firing in from close range just after the hour.

Despite the stalemate, South Korea are still on course to reach the next stage of qualifying for 2026 and sit top of their group with seven points from three matches.

With under-23 coach Hwang Sun-hong taking temporary charge following the dismissal as coach of the German Klinsmann, the hosts took the lead three minutes before half-time.

Spurs attacker Son inevitably scored it, turning in from close range to put South Korea on the way to a third qualifying win from as many games.

A capacity crowd at the 66,000-seater Seoul World Cup Stadium was stunned into silence on 61 minutes when Suphanat was on hand and onside to rifle past exposed goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo.

South Korea had several chances to score the winner, but they failed to take them against an increasingly overworked Thailand defence.

The two sides meet again on Tuesday in Bangkok.

MENTIONS
Football
World Championship
Heung-Min Son
South Korea
Thailand
Related Articles
PSG's Lee Kang-In apologises formally in South Korea for Asian Cup bust-up
20.03.2024 13:38
Spurs ace Son Heung-min back on road to World Cup after turbulent Asian Cup
19.03.2024 07:57
Son asks South Korea fans to forgive Lee as both apologise for Asian Cup bust-up
21.02.2024 06:56
Show more
Football
Napoli terminate defender Mario Rui's contract by mutual agreement with immeediate effect
6 min ago
Former Barcelona forward and South American great Hugo Sotil dies aged 75
42 min ago
AC Milan appoint former Porto boss Conceicao as new manager after Fonseca sacked
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Jonathan David a wanted man, Bayer Leverkusen looking for centre-back
3 h ago
Updated
Savinho steps up when needed most to show why Manchester City signed him
3 h ago
2024 in pictures: Sporting moments of the year captured on camera
4 h ago
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
5 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
6 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
7 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
8 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: Jonathan David a wanted man, Bayer Leverkusen looking for centre-back
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
van Gerwen - de Graaf
Littler - Joyce
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-son-scores-but-south-korea-held-by-thailand-in-world-cup-qualifier/GUSBxny8/ 
 ----- 
