Mon, Dec 30, 2024
13°C
Support Us
e-Paper
Archive
Videos
Games
Polls
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
ARTE
Subscribe
Log In
Latest
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Sport
Motoring
Business
Community
Entertainment
Tech
Son scores but Thailand hold South Korea in World Cup qualifier

First game since revelations of a bust-up between Son and Lee Kang-in

Sport
Football
World Cup
March 21, 2024| AFP |0
1 min read
Son Heung Min scored for South Korea against Thailand. Photo: AFP

Son Heung-min scored but South Korea were held 1-1 at home by Thailand in a World Cup qualifier on Thursday in their first match since the sacking of Jurgen Klinsmann.

It was also the first game since revelations about a bust-up between skipper Son and Paris Saint-Germain’s Lee Kang-in at the Asian Cup, where South Korea lost 2-0 to Jordan in the last four.

Son was left with a dislocated finger in the fracas at their team hotel in Qatar on the eve of the semi-final.

Lee started on the bench on Thursday but came on soon after Thailand grabbed a shock equaliser in Seoul, with Suphanat Mueanta firing in from close range just after the hour.

Despite the stalemate, South Korea are still on course to reach the next stage of qualifying for 2026 and sit top of their group with seven points from three matches. 

Read full story on sport.timesofmalta.com

Sign up to our free newsletters
Email:
Get the best updates straight to your inbox:
 Daily newsletter (the day’s top headlines, sent every morning)
 From the editors (a curated selection of stories, sent every week)

You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By subscribing, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing.

AFP

Agence France-Presse is an international news agency with headquarters in Paris, France. It is the world's oldest news agency, having been founded in 1835.

Sponsored Articles
Local government and the new year
Msida Creek Project: Temporary traffic changes effective from January 2
The Valletta Waterfront Christmas Express
Play North® invests in The Netherlands with Dutch online casino brand: Kansino
A landmark year for SOFTSWISS
The ‘solemn hour’ that was a constitutional milestone
Take part in the conversation

To view comments, please register for free or log in to your account.

Register / Log In

Independent journalism costs money.

Support Us
Follow us:
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Community
Sport
Motoring
Business
#TimesTalk
Entertainment
Tech
About Us
Contact Us
Send us your story
Contact us securely
Corrections Policy
Comments Policy
Support Us
Advertise
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Report a bug
Copyright © 2024 Times of Malta. All rights reserved.
Times of Malta asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofmalta.com/article/son-scores-thailand-hold-south-korea-world-cup-qualifier.1089624 
 ----- 
