quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Thursday

March 21, 2024

 dictionary + A - A 
Lifeless Korea draw 1-1 with Thailand in World Cup qualifier
Published: 21 Mar. 2024, 22:10
Updated: 21 Mar. 2024, 22:17
PAIK JI-HWAN
paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr

Korea's Son Heung-min, left, shoots during a 2026 World Cup qualifier against Thailand at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on Thursday. [NEWS1]

 
Korea drew 1-1 with Thailand in a 2026 World Cup qualifier at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on Thursday, blowing a hard-earned lead in a concerningly tepid performance under new interim manager Hwang Sun-hong.
 
Hwang’s slightly-tweaked squad from the Asian Cup last month — where Korea exited in the semifinals under then-manager Jurgen Klinsmann — displayed a lackluster performance in what on paper should have been a one-sided match.  
 

Related Article
Revamped Korean squad to face Thailand in World Cup qualifier
Paik Seung-ho rejoins Korea squad as Hwang makes some changes
U-23 boss Hwang Sun-hong replaces Klinsmann as interim manager
 
The FIFA ranking difference — Korea at No. 22 and Thailand at No. 101 — proved to be virtually meaningless, with the Taeguk Warriors showing a lack of cohesion and struggling against Thailand.  
 
Hwang made a few ineffective changes to the star-studded squad from the Asian Cup, benching regular midfielder pick Lee Kang-in in favor of Jeong Woo-yeong and starting forward Joo Min-kyu, on his first call up at 33 years and 333 days, in lieu of Cho Gue-sung.  
 
The team struggled to handle the Thai players’ pressure in the early going, giving the ball away and failing to produce anything serious with little ball possession. The defense looked shaky and even allowed the first shot to go to Supachai Chaided in the sixth minute, but goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo made short work of it.  
 
Midfielder Lee Jae-sung’s impact was clear during the first half despite the team’s lack of cohesion, showing good positioning skills and making effective passes in the team’s build-up process.  
 
With the rest of the midfielders failing to move effectively on the attack, however, Jeong, Son Heung-min and Joo were unable to create any opportunities.  
 
The Thai defense man marked all of Korea's attackers, an approach that Klinsmann had no answer to and Hwang does not appear to, either, Korea did finally break through in the 42nd minute for Son to tap in the go-ahead goal, putting the home side up 1-0 going into the break.  
 
Korea’s defense, however, still seemed disorganized in the second half and it was not long before Thailand equalized in the 61st minute.  
 
Lee Kang-in, who came on right after the equalizer, made tidy crosses, but his teammates failed to convert.  
 
Cho also came on but was unproductive, failing to land a solid shot on target through the final whistle.  
 
Thursday’s 1-1 draw was Korea’s first draw in the second round of the World Cup qualifiers after two wins in Group C.  
 
Korea will now play the away leg against Thailand on March 26, as each group in the second round of qualifiers plays with a home-and-away round robin system. The second round will wrap up in June.
 
The national team is expected to go through some changes again after the away match, as a new permanent manager should take the helm in early May. The Korea Football Association said last month that it would appoint a permanent manager by then and has not postponed its decision yet.


BY PAIK JI-HWAN [paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr]
    
 World Cup qualifier Thailand Korean national team Joo Min-kyu Hwang Sun-hong
More in Football

 International, domestic sports teams share messages of condolence after Jeju Air disaster

 [VIDEO] Five players to watch in the January transfer window

 Opposite fortunes for Hwang, Son as Wolves claw way to 2-2 draw with Spurs

 Ulsan's Jo Hyeon-woo K League 1's highest paid Korean

 National side veteran Kim Jin-su joins FC Seoul

Related Stories

 Korea look to turn things around in Thailand rematch

 Paik Seung-ho rejoins Korea squad as Hwang makes some changes

 U-23 boss Hwang Sun-hong replaces Klinsmann as interim manager

 Welcome home!

 National team coaches argue over who gets Lee Kang-in

What’s Popular Now
1
Second Jeju Air plane experiences landing gear malfunction, same Boeing model involved
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Korean chip firms to shift from China on U.S. probe into market flooding: experts
4
North Korea building new 3,000-ton frigate possibly with guided missiles, footage suggests
5
New Year's events nationwide canceled after Jeju Air disaster
6
Live updates: Korea in mourning as investigations into Jeju Air disaster begin
7
Companies cancel New Year's events in show of respect following Jeju Air crash
8
146 crash victims identified as gov't, localities and Jeju Air intensify disaster recovery efforts
9
Jeju Air, travel agencies flooded with mass cancellations after tragic plane crash
10
Family of 9 among victims of Jeju Air disaster, including 79-year-old patriarch and 5-year-old
11
U.S. agencies, Boeing to join Jeju Air probe with Korea set to inspect all 737-800s
12
Generations lost: Jeju Air crash claims vacationing families lives
13
G-Dragon and other celebrities share condolences over Jeju Air tragedy
14
Korean tourist missing after boat capsizes off Thailand beach destination
15
Lee Jin-wook’s accuser found not guilty
16
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
17
Broadcasters cancel year-end events and shows in wake of Jeju Air tragedy
18
Jeju Air crash victims include a dozen civil servants, including two sisters
19
Interest in shamanism grows as political turmoil, societal pressures affect Koreans
20
CIO requests arrest warrant for President Yoon on charges of insurrection

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship

About Company
Contact Us
Newsletter
Advertising
Work for us
FAQ
Notice
Ombudsman
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
E-mail Address Privacy
Juvenile Protection Policy

All materials contained on this site are protected by Korean copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior consent of Joins.com | Tel: 1577-0510




JoongAng Daily Co., Ltd. | Address: 48-6 Sangamsan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Business registration number: 160-86-00572 | CEO & Publisher: Park Chang-hee | Executive Editor: Choi Ji-young

Mail order business report number: 2020-Seoul Mapo-3838 | Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아55177

Date of Registration: 2023. 11. 21 | Juvenile Protection Manager: Chun Young-sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2024-03-21/sports/football/Lifeless-Korea-draw-11-with-Thailand-in-World-Cup-qualifier/2008162 
 ----- 
