Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER/ Australia, Saudi get a chance to advance but Japan has to wait in World Cup Asian qualifying

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

March 26, 2024 at 11:30 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

The referee shows a yellow card to North Korea's Kang Kuk Chol (17) during the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup 2027 preliminary joint qualification round 2 match between Japan and North Korea at the National Stadium in Tokyo, March 21, 2024. (AP Photo)

Australia and Saudi Arabia are among the Asian Football Confederation heavyweights aiming to secure a spot in the next stage of World Cup qualifying with wins Tuesday, while Japan’s bid to advance will have to wait after North Korea cancelled a home game in Pyongyang.

Just hours after a 1-0 loss to Japan in Tokyo last week, the North Koreans informed tournament organizers that they could not host the return match.

FIFA, the sport’s world governing body, later canceled the qualifier after deciding the game “shall neither be played nor rescheduled” because North Korea couldn’t come up with an alternative venue and there was no room in the calendar for a postponement.

“The matter and match outcome will be referred to the FIFA disciplinary committee,” FIFA announced, which indicates North Korea will be sanctioned with a 3-0 forfeit.

North Korea has so far only one win from three games — all away from home — in Group B of Asia qualifying. Japan has nine points from three consecutive wins.

The top two teams from each of the nine groups will advance to the third round, where Asia’s allocation of eight automatic World Cup slots for 2026 is available.

Like Japan, Saudi Arabia has won all three games so far and can secure its spot in the next stage if it can complete back-to-back wins over Tajikistan in Group G following its win at Riyadh last week.

“We know that Tajikistan is a strong team and has been improving,” Saudi Arabia coach Roberto Mancini said. “It will be a tough game for us but we are looking forward to the challenge.”

Australia also has nine points and can guarantee its progression to the next stage from Group I with a victory over Lebanon in Canberra. The game was originally scheduled to take place in Beirut but due to the security situation in the region Lebanon remained in Australia following its 2-0 loss in Sydney last week.

Qatar, Iraq and United Arab Emirates also have maximum points and are potentially one win away from the last 18. South Korea, however, slipped up against Thailand with a 1-1 draw in Seoul.

It was South Korea's first appearance since Jurgen Klinsmann was fired as head coach last month following a disappointing Asian Cup campaign,

The teams will meet again in front of an expected sell-out crowd of 60,000 in Bangkok.

“We have to approach the game calmly and with one mind,” South Korea’s interim coach Hwang Sun-hong said. “We know what we need to do, and will do our best.”

Son Heung-min's goal in Seoul last week was his 45th for South Korea, five behind Hwang's mark.

“I hope he breaks my record quickly as he will continue to do well in the future,” said Hwang, who retired in 2002 after playing more than 100 games for South Korea's national team.

The South Koreans leads Group C, three points above Thailand and China, which let a two-goal lead slip against No. 156-ranked Singapore to draw 2-2 last week.

It was the first game under new coach Branko Ivankovic appointed after the Asian Cup in which China exited at the group stage and didn't score a single goal.

“We had a good situation in the first half, but I told the players that 2-0 was a dangerous score,” Ivankovic said. “We were prepared to take three points but we only took one and now we are looking forward to the next match. We know what we have to do.”

Related News

SOCCER/ Pressure mounting on Japan in World Cup qualifier vs. Australia

October 10, 2021

SOCCER/ Japan prepares to host and then travel to N. Korea for back-to-back FIFA World Cup qualifiers

March 19, 2024

SOCCER/ Japan focusing on World Cup qualifiers vs Saudis, Australia

October 5, 2021

SOCCER/ Klinsmann’s South Korea advances after beating Mancini’s Saudi Arabia in shootout

January 31, 2024

SOCCER/ S. Korea, Iran set to qualify for World Cup

January 25, 2022

SOCCER/ Japan beat N. Korea in Asian qualifying for 2026 World Cup

March 22, 2024
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Hayao Miyazaki criticizes Japan wartime past in award speech
‘Miracle town’ in Okayama with a spin on how English is taught
3 young siblings found dead at Kanagawa home, mother injured
Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace
Tax breaks hit record high as transparency remains low
Uranium, fuel rod casing found in Fukushima nuclear debris
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
Heavy snow to hit eastern and western Japan through Dec. 29
NTT group’s holding firm to change name to establish brand
K-Pop star questioned by South Korea police for alleged drug use
Videos

Giant, sacred snake greets New Year’s visitors at temple in Kyoto

December 30, 2024

Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace

December 29, 2024

JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos

December 25, 2024

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15210076 
 ----- 
