quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Wednesday

March 20, 2024

 dictionary + A - A 
Revamped Korean squad to face Thailand in World Cup qualifier
Published: 20 Mar. 2024, 13:06
Updated: 21 Mar. 2024, 17:27
PAIK JI-HWAN
paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr

The Korean national team trains at Goyang Stadium in Goyang, Gyeonggi on Monday ahead of Thursday's 2026 World Cup qualifier against Thailand. [YONHAP]

 
A slightly-tweaked Korean national team will face Thailand in a 2026 World Cup qualifier on Thursday at home as interim manager Hwang Sun-hong takes the helm for the first time.
 
Since crashing out of the semifinals of the Asian Cup on Feb. 6, Team Korea has gone through multiple changes, including replacing Jurgen Klinsmann with Hwang last month.
 

Related Article
Paik Seung-ho rejoins Korea squad as Hwang makes some changes
U-23 boss Hwang Sun-hong replaces Klinsmann as interim manager
Korea crash out of Asian Cup with 2-0 semifinal loss to Jordan
 
Hwang took the helm of the senior team despite also serving as U-23 squad manager, as the Korea Football Association said last month that it would appoint a permanent manger in May.
 
Thursday’s match will put Hwang to the test. Attention will be on whether Korea show more tactical awareness under new management — Klinsmann was repeatedly criticized for lacking tactics during his entire one-year spell.
 
Hwang made a few changes to the star-studded team that Klinsmann used for the Asian Cup, including calling up Ulsan HD forward Joo Min-kyu, who replaces Celtic forward Oh Hyeon-gyu.  
 


Ulsan HD's Joo Min-kyu, right, shoots during a 2023-24 AFC Champions League match against Ventforet Kofu at Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium in Ulsan on Feb. 15. [YONHAP]

 
Oh, who became a regular forward pick at the national team after moving to Celtic in January last year, failed to score in his nearly one-year stint with Korea.  
 
The inclusion of Joo marked the first time he has received the national duty call and made him the oldest player to do so at 33 years and 333 days. He will be in national team action on the back of taking the 2023 K League 1 top scorer title with 17 goals.  
 
Hwang also called up Birmingham City midfielder Paik Seung-ho, who has not been on the national team roster since a friendly with Uruguay in March last year.  
 
Regular midfielder picks Son Heung-min of Tottenham Hotspur and Lee Kang-in of Paris Saint-Germain are on the roster again after making headlines globally when news broke of a tiff on the sidelines of the Asian Cup last month. The pair have since buried the hatchet, with Lee publicly apologizing to Son and the rest of the national team for the incident.
 
Both players join the national team in good form, with Son having recorded one goal and two assists in a league fixture against Aston Villa on March 10 and Lee having scored a goal in Sunday’s match against Montpellier.  
 
FC Midtjylland forward Cho Gue-sung is on the roster too despite an unimpressive performance at the Asian Cup, during which he only scored once and proved largely unproductive. The upcoming qualifier may be a chance for him to show improvements and continue his good form from Sunday’s fixture against Vejle BK, where he scored a penalty. 
 
The attacking trio, however, may have more work to do against Thailand as winger Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers is out with an injury.  
 


Wolverhampton Wanderers' Hwang Hee-chan is substituted after sustaining an injury during an FA Cup fifth round game against Brighton at the Molineux in Wolverhampton, England on Feb 28. [REUTERS/YONHAP]

 
Goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo is expected to start Thursday’s game in lieu of No. 1 goalkeeper pick Kim Seung-gyu, who has been out due to an anterior cruciate ligament injury he picked up during Korea’s run in the Asian Cup group stage.  
 
Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae, meanwhile, joins the national team after seeing his playing time decrease at the club level.  
 
Following his return from the Asian Cup, Kim was relegated to the bench during a Champions League game against Lazio on March 5 and a Bundesliga fixture against Darmstadt 98 last week. His teammate Eric Dier has seen more playing time in recent fixtures.  
 
Thursday’s qualifier will be Korea and Thailand's first clash since Korea won 1-0 in 2016. Korea has been far more dominant, having recorded 30 wins, seven draws and eight losses against the Southeast Asian side to date.  
 
The FIFA ranking between the two — Korea at No. 22 and Thailand at No. 101 — also suggests that Korea is a stronger contender, but rankings proved to be virtually meaningless in the Asian Cup where Korea drew with then-No. 130 Malaysia and lost to No. 87 Jordan.  
 
Korea still displayed a convincing performance in Group C of the second round of the World Cup qualifiers under then-manager Klinsmann, winning the first game against Singapore 5-0 and second match against China 3-0.  
 
Thanks to the two huge wins, Korea sit at the top of the group.  
 
Thailand sits in second place with one win and one loss under their belt. Retaining their position on the table will perhaps be important for Thailand, as the winners and runners-up of each group of four reach the third round of the qualifiers and qualify for the 2027 Asian Cup.  
 
The upcoming match will be Thailand’s first game since a 2-1 loss to Uzbekistan in the round of 16 at the Asian Cup on Jan. 30.  
 
Thursday’s fixture will kick off at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul at 8 p.m.  
 
Korea will then play Thailand again on March 26, as each group plays with a home-and-away round robin system. The second round of qualifiers will wrap up in June.


Video Player is loading.
Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 15.10%
Remaining Time 
-0:39
Fullscreen
BY PAIK JI-HWAN [paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Korea Thailand Hwang Sun-hong World Cup qualifier Joo Min-kyu
More in Football

 International, domestic sports teams share messages of condolence after Jeju Air disaster

 [VIDEO] Five players to watch in the January transfer window

 Opposite fortunes for Hwang, Son as Wolves claw way to 2-2 draw with Spurs

 Ulsan's Jo Hyeon-woo K League 1's highest paid Korean

 National side veteran Kim Jin-su joins FC Seoul

Related Stories

 Korea look to turn things around in Thailand rematch

 Paik Seung-ho rejoins Korea squad as Hwang makes some changes

 Klinsmann sticks to what he knows after big October wins

 With Son Heung-min on the sidelines, Hong's Korea looks for fresh answers against Jordan

 Hong Myung-bo faces first test Thursday as Korea take on Palestine

What’s Popular Now
1
Second Jeju Air plane experiences landing gear malfunction, same Boeing model involved
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Korean chip firms to shift from China on U.S. probe into market flooding: experts
4
North Korea building new 3,000-ton frigate possibly with guided missiles, footage suggests
5
New Year's events nationwide canceled after Jeju Air disaster
6
Live updates: Korea in mourning as investigations into Jeju Air disaster begin
7
Companies cancel New Year's events in show of respect following Jeju Air crash
8
146 crash victims identified as gov't, localities and Jeju Air intensify disaster recovery efforts
9
Jeju Air, travel agencies flooded with mass cancellations after tragic plane crash
10
Family of 9 among victims of Jeju Air disaster, including 79-year-old patriarch and 5-year-old
11
U.S. agencies, Boeing to join Jeju Air probe with Korea set to inspect all 737-800s
12
Generations lost: Jeju Air crash claims vacationing families lives
13
G-Dragon and other celebrities share condolences over Jeju Air tragedy
14
Korean tourist missing after boat capsizes off Thailand beach destination
15
Lee Jin-wook’s accuser found not guilty
16
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
17
Broadcasters cancel year-end events and shows in wake of Jeju Air tragedy
18
Jeju Air crash victims include a dozen civil servants, including two sisters
19
Interest in shamanism grows as political turmoil, societal pressures affect Koreans
20
CIO requests arrest warrant for President Yoon on charges of insurrection

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship

About Company
Contact Us
Newsletter
Advertising
Work for us
FAQ
Notice
Ombudsman
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
E-mail Address Privacy
Juvenile Protection Policy

All materials contained on this site are protected by Korean copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior consent of Joins.com | Tel: 1577-0510




JoongAng Daily Co., Ltd. | Address: 48-6 Sangamsan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Business registration number: 160-86-00572 | CEO & Publisher: Park Chang-hee | Executive Editor: Choi Ji-young

Mail order business report number: 2020-Seoul Mapo-3838 | Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아55177

Date of Registration: 2023. 11. 21 | Juvenile Protection Manager: Chun Young-sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2024-03-20/sports/football/Revamped-Korean-squad-to-face-Thailand-in-World-Cup-qualifier/2006196 
 ----- 
