Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Angola vs Sudan Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024 
Angola vs Sudan Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024 
By
Sachin Bhat
Modified Sep 07, 2024 13:09 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Angola began their qualifiers on a winning note (PC: Getty Images)

Angola and Sudan lock horns at the Estadio 11 de Novembro on Monday for their second game of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. Both sides began on a winning note and will be eager to continue that run.

Ranked 90th in the world, Angola are looking to qualify for the second edition in a row, having reached the quarter-finals in the Ivory Coast showpiece this year. The Black Antelopes won their group to reach the last 16, where they saw off Namibia, before falling to eventual runners-up Nigeria.

It was their joint-best performance at the AFCON, emulating their quarter-final finish from the 2010 edition when Angola hosted the tournament. Bolstered by this, Pedro Gonçalves' side will be looking to qualify once again, and their quest began on a positive note too.

Trending

They beat Ghana right at the death as Felicio Mendes struck in the third added minute to hand his side a smash-and-grab 1-0 victory. The Black Stars had managed to keep them at bay all game, although Angola had been knocking on their door for some time.

On the other hand, Sudan are looking to make their first appearance since 2021 at the Moroccan showpiece next year, having failed to make the cut for this year's tournament. With three wins in all competitions, the Falcons of Jediane have the momentum in their favor.

Having beaten Mauritania and South Sudan in their World Cup qualifying matches during the last international break, the North African side followed it up with a 1-0 win over Niger in their opening game of the ongoing AFCON qualifiers. Abobaker Eisa struck the only goal of the game in the 51st minute as James Kwesi Appiah's side held out their rivals for the remainder of the match to prevail.

Angola vs Sudan Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
There have been four clashes between the sides in history, with three ending in stalemates.
Angola beat Sudan in the only fixture which has produced a winner so far, as the Black Antelopes pulled off a 2-1 win away from home in a November 1988 World Cup qualifier.
The Falcons of Jediane have won their last three official games and four of their last five.
Angola have won their last five games in a row, and remain unbeaten in their last nine.
Angola vs Sudan Prediction

Angola and their rivals from North Africa are both on a good run of form right now, winning their last couple of games to enter the tie high on confidence.

We expect a tense game with the in-form teams playing out another draw.

Prediction: Angola 1-1 Sudan

Angola vs Sudan Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Draw

Tip 2 - Goals over/under 2.5: Under 2.5 goals

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Angola Football Sudan Football Football Predictions Game Preview
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/angola-vs-sudan-prediction-betting-tips-9th-september-2024 
 ----- 
