www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 05 → Article 1949212
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Thursday, 5 September 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

4 Wins Out of 5: Here is Kwasi Appiah's outstanding record as Sudan coach in 2024

« Prev

Next »

Comments (10)

Listen to Article

Share:

Ghanaian coach James Kwasi Appiah

Ghanaian coach James Kwasi Appiah continued his impressive run in 2024 after guiding Sudan to a win over Niger in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers opener on Wednesday, September 4, 2024.

Sudan began the series with a narrow 1-0 win over the West African side at the Juba Stadium in South Sudan.

Kwasi Appiah's side are now on a four-game winning streak, including two away wins, and most significantly, they have kept clean sheets in all three matches. They have scored six goals in the process.

They started 2024 with a 1-0 win over Guinea-Bissau in a friendly in March before losing 2-1 to the same side in a second meeting a few days later.

Kwasi Appiah steered them back to winning ways in June when they beat Mauritania 2-0 in an away encounter in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

The Falcons of Jediane proceeded with yet another victory in the World Cup qualifiers, beating South Sudan 3-0 in their second fixture.

The victory over Niger on Wednesday took their record to four wins and one defeat in five games this year.

Kwasi Appiah has been in charge of the Falcons of Jediane for a year following his appointment in September 2023.

He has managed 8 games, won 5, lost 2, and drew 1 while scoring 10 goals and conceding 5 in the process.

He has guided Sudan to the top of their group in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers and also sit at the top of their AFCON qualifiers group following the win over Niger.

Sudan will face Angola in their second game of the AFCON qualifiers on Monday, September 9, 2024.


EE/EK

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah reveals what Otto Addo told him after Ghana vs Sudan match
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 10 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
EC declares parliamentary results for Dome, Okaikwei Central, Ablekuma...
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
John Mahama may serve two consec utive terms
Shop making childish comments - Ex-NPP MP slams Owusu-Bempeh...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
找到命定床墊！『德泰彈簧床』重返最合拍的睡眠狀態～
感受最適合自己的好眠，不僅精神佳、生活狀態更好！獨特職人工藝，打造軟硬適中、親膚品質，快來店體驗。
德泰彈簧床
|
Sponsored
上路必備第三人責任險 首選新安
騎車上路很方便，但難免遇到擦撞事故，可能要賠償對方，投保第三人責任險幫你分擔，上路更放心
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
2024 Remodel Secrets: Trends That'll Amaze You!
Home Remodel | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
汽車任意險享18%OFF
開車最怕追撞別人，推撞到一台超跑荷包馬上被榨乾，投保時別忘了加上第三人責任險與超額責任險！
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
安達人壽安心抗癌 定期癌症險
午飯搭熱湯會溶出塑化劑！正面對抗罹癌風險，靈活加保，強化現有醫療保單
安達人壽
|
Sponsored
News
‘God will take care of me’ – Koku Anyidoho ‘rejects’ Mahama appointment
Business
GTA CEO calls for stronger border security amid Ghana’s visa-free policy
Entertainment
Osei Kwame Despite paid for my six-bedroom East Legon house warming party – Kwaku Manu reveals
Africa
Nigeria denies colluding with France to destabilise Niger
Opinions
Advocating for Institutional Reset: A vision for Ghana's future
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/4-Wins-Out-of-5-Here-is-Kwasi-Appiah-s-outstanding-record-as-Sudan-coach-in-2024-1949212 
 ----- 
