Font Resizer
Aa
▷ TV3 Live
2024 Election Results
Live
Elections Updates
John Mahama
Dr. Bawumia
3News > Latest Posts > Sports > Football > AFCON 2025 qualifiers: Black Stars train in Morocco ahead of Niger clash
AFCON 2025 qualifiers: Black Stars train in Morocco ahead of Niger clash
The Black Stars are aiming for their first win after losing to Angola
Last updated: September 8, 2024 9:16 am
By
Frank Appiah - Sports Reporter
Share
1 Min Read
SHARE

Black Stars held an intensive training session soon after arriving in Morocco on Saturday ahead of their crucial 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier against Niger.

The team after losing to Angola in their first game in Kumasi are aiming for a strong response against Niger on Monday, September 9, 2024.

The four-time African champions failed to maintain their dominant home record at the Baba Yara Stadium where they succumbed to a late drama where a poor clearance presented the Palancas Negras the decisive moment of the game.

22 players trained on Saturday with Jerome Opoku pulling out due to injury while Joseph Paintsil’s withdrawal is attributed to passport issues.

Gearing up for Niger!  #BlackStars | #AFCON2025Q pic.twitter.com/rzFyoXY74D

—  Black Stars (@GhanaBl ackstars) September 7, 2024

You May Also Like
 Ghana’s football breakout stars of 2024
 This is the best feeling I’ve ever had – Jeremie Frimpong reflects on Children’s Home donation
 Kwame Opoku’s sublime strike propels Kotoko past Goldstars
 Issahaku’s absence a massive blow to Leicester City survival hopes – Ruud van Nistelrooy
 Black Galaxies head to Uyo for crucial CHAN qualifier against Nigeria

Focused and determined. #BlackStars | #AFCON2025Q pic.twitter.com/cKfCtLCoSc

—  Black Stars (@GhanaBlackstars) September 7, 2024

However, the majority of the squad is fit, active, and poised to rebound from the frustrating results.

For Niger, they would also be heading into the game on Monday after a narrow loss to Sudan in their opening game.

Let's Serve You Better

Your feedback is crucial. Tell us what you loved and where we can do better. We are always looking for ways to do better.

Share Feedback!
TAGGED:
2025 AFCON Qualifiers
black stars
Niger
Share This Article
Facebook
By Frank Appiah 
Sports Reporter
Follow:
Frank Appiah is a sports writer with MG Sports, the general sports department of Media General Ghana, serving TV3, 3News, Onua TV and other platforms in the group.
Leave a Comment
Up Next
FOOTBALL
Samartex appoints Christopher Ennin to replace Amadu as new head coach
December 27, 2024
FOOTBALL
Bayer Leverkusen star Jeremie Frimpong launches Pathway project to support Ghanaian youth
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Jeremie Frimpong reveals his Ghanaian football idol
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
I considered playing for Ghana but Holland believed in me- Jeremie Frimpong
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Holy Stars secure win after Bechem United no-show as Lions stay top
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Fulham stun Chelsea with late comeback
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Coach Nana Joe Adarkwa leaves Ampem Darkoa Ladies
December 25, 2024
FOOTBALL
US club Gotham City sign Ghana’s Stella Nyamkye
December 25, 2024
Show More
Infocenter
About Us
About Media General
Contact Us
Advertise
Media Kit
Ghana Politics
Politics
Election Command Centre
National Democratic Congress (NDC)
New Patriotic Party (NPP)
President Akufo-Addo
Follow US
© 2024 MG Digital Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Privacy Policy
Actionable Feedback Policy
Publishing Principles
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://3news.com/sports/football/afcon-2025-qualifiers-black-stars-train-in-morocco-ahead-of-niger-clash/ 
 ----- 
