Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans drives against Toumani Camara #33 of the Portland Trail Blazers in February of last season.
Gameday update: Pelicans at Trail Blazers (10/25/2024)
9 p.m. Central, GCSEN, WWL
Jim Eichenhofer
October 25, 202412:04 PM CDT

NEW ORLEANS PELICANS (1-0) AT PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS (0-1)

Overview

New Orleans traveled across the country to Oregon on Thursday afternoon amid major health updates on three significant players, with summer trade addition Dejounte Murray now sidelined multiple weeks by a broken hand; Zion Williamson returning to practice from illness and on track to play Friday; and Trey Murphy’s hamstring injury expected to be evaluated in two weeks. That still leaves the Pelicans with talented incumbent starters Williamson, Brandon Ingram, CJ McCollum and Herb Jones in uniform against the Trail Blazers. New Orleans begins its 2024-25 road schedule in Moda Center on Friday, after posting the NBA’s best record in away games last season (28-14). Portland tipped off this regular season Wednesday with a 140-104 loss to Golden State, getting outscored in the middle quarters by a combined tally of 78-51. The Pels and Blazers will hold a rematch Sunday at 5 p.m. (a 3 p.m. tip on the West Coast).

Play Video
Willie Green on injuries to Dejounte Murray & Trey Murphy 10/24/2024
2mo
news
00:07:02

Players to Watch

PELICANS
Brandon Ingram
Teammates said during training camp that not only is Ingram back in action this fall, he’s better. The Duke product followed up his excellent preseason finale at Houston with more of the same Wednesday vs. Chicago, rolling to 33 points (he’s tied for fifth in the NBA in scoring average through one game). He was 3/5 from three-point distance against the Bulls.
CJ McCollum
The longtime Trail Blazers guard joined Ingram in enjoying a stellar opener vs. Chicago, posting 23 points and going 5/11 from three-point range. McCollum was able to play off the ball a lot with PG Murray at the controls, firing a few wide-open treys, but could now shift back to more playmaking responsibilities.
Yves Missi
What a debut for the first-round pick from Baylor. His 12 points, seven rebounds and three blocks vs. Chicago were the most by any NBA rookie through the first three nights of the regular season – in all of those categories. He and starter Daniel Theis combined for 20 points, nine boards and six blocks.

TRAIL BLAZERS
Scoot Henderson
The No. 3 overall pick from the 2023 draft led Portland in scoring Wednesday vs. Golden State (22 points), but among the six Blazers who attempted eight or more shots from the field, none of them shot even 50 percent. One Henderson goal for Year 2 will be to improve his offensive efficiency (he shot 7 of 18 against the Warriors).
Anfernee Simons
The seven-year NBA veteran guard figures to play a prominent role whenever Portland wins games this season, with its schedule filled with matchups against more proven Western Conference teams. Simons notched 11 games of 30-plus points last season, topped by 41- and 40-point outings.

Play Video
Daniel Theis talks opening night win, Yves Missi 10/24/2024
2mo
news
00:02:29

Previous Game Starting Lineups

NEW ORLEANS (1-0)

Wednesday win vs. Chicago

Dejounte Murray, CJ McCollum, Herb Jones, Brandon Ingram, Daniel Theis

Notes: Murray (hand) and Murphy (hamstring) are out, with the first of those DNPs guaranteeing that Willie Green will use a different starting five on Friday. … Green used 16 different starting lineups last season. … New Orleans has a five-game winning streak in the Moda Center. Conversely, from 2011-17, Portland boasted an 11-game home winning streak vs. New Orleans.

PORTLAND (0-1)

Wednesday loss vs. Golden State

Anfernee Simons, Deni Avdija, Toumani Camara, Jerami Grant, Deandre Ayton

Notes: Shaedon Sharpe (shoulder), Matisse Thybulle (knee) and Robert Williams III (hamstring) are out. … Chauncey Billups used 41 different starting lineups last season. Sharpe and Thybulle started 25 and 19 games, respectively. … Portland is opening the regular season with three consecutive home games, then plays a Monday second game of a back-to-back at Sacramento.

Play Video
Jose Alvarado on Dejounte Murray injury, Zion Williamson return 10/24/2024
2mo
news
00:04:28
Tags
CJ MCCOLLUM
BRANDON INGRAM
YVES MISSI
Related Articles
Gameday update: Pelicans at Trail Blazers (10/25/2024)
Dejounte Murray undergoes successful surgery
Injury Report: Zion Williamson returns, two Pelicans out for Trail Blazers game
How to Watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. New Orleans Pelicans: TV Channel, Live Stream, Radio, Start Time - Oct. 25, 2024
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/gameday-update-pelicans-at-trail-blazers-10-25-2024 
 ----- 
