Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Rockets Fans Shouldn't Panic Amid 5-4 Start
Houston hasn't been playing great, yet has a winning record.
Jed Katz | Nov 9, 2024
Nov 8, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Houston Rockets guard Aaron Holiday (0) passes the ball between Oklahoma City Thunder guard Isaiah Joe (11) and guard Ajay Mitchell (25) during the second half at Paycom Center. Mandatory Credit: Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets

The Houston Rockets lost to the Oklahoma City Thunder last night, 126-107. With this loss, the Rockets are now 5-4 and are the seventh seed in the Western Conference.

The loss to the Thunder was brutal. Houston caught Oklahoma City on a hot shooting night, as the Thunder shot 51.1% from the field and 37.8% from deep.

Panic has commenced among Rockets fans, with the team pointing out offensive struggles. Houston's stars have been inconsistent from the field. No starter is shooting above 44% from the field, and three of five starters are shooting under 30% from three.

This cold start shouldn't cause any panic. Houston is simply cold to start the season, but once the stars get going, this team will find themselves higher in the standings.

The only real issue has been head coach Ime Udoka's struggle to will this team on the offensive end. The offensive philosophy has been questionable, with star player Alperen Sengun receiving just 28.2 minutes per game. Sengun, the team's best player last season statistically, is averaging 15.8 points, 11.1 rebounds, 4.1 assists, 1.1 steals, and 1.1 blocks despite the minutes decrease.

Houston fans shouldn't start to freak out because this team is also so young. This group won 41 games last season and showed major improvement. This season, while the start has been a rollercoaster, the roster is comprised of mostly young, developing players.

Trust that Udoka will figure out his system and eventually give his players the opportunities to succeed. On the flip side, the players will eventually get going on offense and start shooting well enough. It's still early in the season.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 9, 2024
JED KATZ

Jed is a student at the University of Wisconsin-Madison majoring in journalism. He also contributes at several other basketball outlets, including has his own basketball blog and podcast — The Sixth Man Report.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/houston-rockets-fans-shouldnt-panic-amid-5-4-start 
 ----- 
