Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Chet Holmgren, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander lead OKC Thunder past Houston Rockets
Gannett
JOEL LORENZI, THE OKLAHOMAN
November 9, 2024 at 1:48 AM

It’s like the basketball gods were listening.

Every possible criticism of a now 8-1 Thunder team, any ick a wildly successful eight-game sample could deliver, was essentially flipped on its head in Friday’s 126-107 win over the Rockets.

Not solved, but acknowledged. Especially in the first half — perhaps its best of the season.

OKC entered Friday 21st in the league in offensive rating after entering the season in the top-five of the league’s expectations for offense, and certainly ended up among the league leaders in evoking confusion after eight games.

It went to bed with the league’s 16th best offensive rating. And through 24 minutes of its thorough dismantling of Houston, the Thunder scored 75 points (61.9% from the field), its season-high for points in a half.

Inside that half was a little bit of everything.

There was Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s 20 points (he finished with 29 points in as many minutes), all classic and skillful. Chet Holmgren matched his point total.

There were the two 3s Alex Caruso drilled on three attempts; before Friday, he was 3 for 21 on the season from deep.

There were the 14 free throws the Thunder made on 15 attempts, a notable first-half pace after entering the game dead last in the NBA in free-throw rate.

And the sequence that’s happened to occur in most third quarters, a bludgeoning in a small spurt that opens the game up, happened in the second quarter — a tidal wave of defensive fury that saw OKC break open the lead it never let go of.

Thank Jalen Williams and friends for that, for the lineup he led is the one that put the most striking dent in Houston.

Gilgeous-Alexander channels vintage play 

The highlights, sure to end up in a 30-minute career reel down the line, might as well have been in black and white.

Gilgeous-Alexander had surely delivered a slew of games that’ll be pitched for his near-guaranteed, now annual All-Star bid prior to Friday. Probably even a few games worth his standing in the MVP race.

But it felt like ages since Gilgeous-Alexander delivered an especially Shai-coded game: the perfect ensemble of midrange mastery, fewer and efficient 3-point attempts, a mockery of those who thought to stand in his path to the rim.

On Friday, Gilgeous-Alexander was the SGA of old.

He unleashed a barrage of midrange pull-ups. He drove effortlessly to the rim. He toyed with defenders the way he did a season ago, when he got close enough to the MVP trophy to see his reflection — all the stylistic deeds that fans yearned for in his start to this season.

“I try to take what the defense gives me every night,” Gilgeous-Alexander said, his favorite particular cliche. “That's how I try to approach it, and I felt like they were up tonight, so I was driving.”

Enough said.

Sometimes, as Gilgeous-Alexander continues to navigate his ceiling as an established superstar, it’ll be as simple as Friday. Reaching into his back pocket for 29 points on 11-for-16 shooting, while drilling 6 of his 7 free-throw attempts and 1 of 2 modest 3-point attempts.

As simple as giving Houston what it asked for when it sent Dillon Brooks flinching toward him, or when it sent double teams too slow for his recognition.

Sometimes, teams will be more eager to contain the drive than pressure him into what he does best. But if Friday said anything, it told fans to take solace in knowing that this version of SGA — the unconventional hands meant for the midrange — will always be there.

Who needs turnovers?

The Rockets were designed to combat OKC’s strengths.

They entered Friday averaging the second fewest turnovers in the NBA (11.8). And while Houston’s 16 turnovers are enough to bury any NBA team — including the Rockets — it tied for the fewest turnovers OKC has forced in a game this season.

Turnovers, OKC’s pride and joy through nine games, wasn’t the sole reason it was limited. The Thunder’s defense lived up to its suffocating standards, even if its turnover count didn’t.

In the first quarter, the Rockets went 9 for 19 inside the paint. In the ensuing couple of quarter, they went just a combined 6 for 23 (26.1%).

Alperen Sengun, a promising young center who’s had his share of successful games against the Thunder, had perhaps his worst: 11 points on 3-for-12 shooting with a pair of turnovers in just 27 minutes.

Former Thunder Steven Adams, who Chet Holmgren noted “moves you super gently and there’s nothing you can do about it,” played a season-high 16 minutes.

Jalen Green, Houston’s other cornerstone, went just 1 for 8 after the first quarter.

More: OKC Thunder vs Houston Rockets: Prediction, picks, injury updates and odds

Thunder vs. Rockets live score updates

More: Russell Westbrook turns back clock in Denver Nuggets' win vs. OKC Thunder

What time is Thunder vs. Rockets

Date: Friday, Nov. 8

Time: 7 p.m. CT

Where: Paycom Center in Oklahoma City

More: Nikola Jokic's ultra-rare feat helps Nuggets send Thunder to first loss of season

What channel is OKC Thunder vs Houston Rockets on today?

TV: FanDuel Sports Network

How to watch online: Fubo (free trial)

Radio: WWLS 98.1FM

More: OKC Thunder had no bigger fan than Judy Love. Why her death leaves a void.

Thunder vs. Rockets odds

Odds courtesy of via BetMGM as of Thursday, Nov. 7

Odds: Thunder by 8.5

Over/under: 218.5

Moneyline: Thunder -350 | Rockets +280

More: How OKC Thunder roster construction was built to protect the king: Shai Gilgeous-Alexander

OKC Thunder roster

Alex Caruso, PG

Ousmane Dieng, SF

Luguentz Dort, SG

Alex Ducas, SG *

Adam Flagler, PG

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, SG

Isaiah Hartenstein, C

Chet Holmgren, PF

Isaiah Joe, SG

Dillon Jones, SF

Ajay Mitchell, SG *

Alex Reese, PF

Nikola Topić, PG

Cason Wallace, SG

Aaron Wiggins, SG

Jalen Williams, SG

Jaylin Williams, PF

Kenrich Williams, PF

*-two-way contract

More: What will new OKC Thunder arena look like? Why architect David Manica isn't sure yet

OKC Thunder schedule

Nov. 6: Nuggets 124, Thunder 122

Nov. 8: Houston, 7 p.m.

Nov. 10: Golden State, 6 p.m.

Nov. 11: LA Clippers, 7 p.m. (NBATV)

Nov. 13: New Orleans, 6:30 p.m. (ESPN)

Nov. 15: Phoenix, 7 p.m.

More: Why Alex Caruso, OKC Thunder aren't concerned with guard's slow offensive start

Thunder vs. Rockets highlights

Tweets by okcthunder

We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. USA TODAY Network newsrooms operate independently, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.

This article originally appeared on Oklahoman: Chet Holmgren, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander lead Thunder past Rockets

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Finance
CNN Business
Rupert Murdoch’s Fox Corp. must face 2020 election defamation lawsuit, appeals court …
USA TODAY
Ford reveals first special edition of its Mustang GTD supercar, starting at $325,000
Food
Southern Living
Does salt expire?
Simply Recipes
The easy Ina Garten side dish I can’t stop making
Lighter Side
Associated Press
AP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean
NY Post
Gen Z is ditching booze for sober-centric hubs in NYC: ‘Shocked people are in here ha…
News
Associated Press
New LA-area fire prompts more evacuations while over 10,000 structures lost to the 2 …
Associated Press
Earth records hottest year ever in 2024 and the jump was so big it breached a key thr…
Weather
Fox Weather
City-wide emergency alert in Los Angeles sent in error to millions
Reuters
Tally of Tibet earthquake injured rises on third day of search for survivors

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/thunder-rockets-nba-game-today-234022629.html 
 ----- 
