The Football Association of Hong Kong, China
SportFootball
Hong Kong billed as ‘more creative’ after boss’ exit as Iran visit for Fifa World Cup qualifier
Stand-in coach Wolfgang Luisser vows to tweak formula that worked under Jorn Andersen in qualifiers against Iran and Turkmenistan
Reading Time:
2 minutes
Why you can trust SCMP
0
Paul McNamara
Published: 7:30am, 6 Jun 2024

A “more flexible and creative” Hong Kong representative team has been promised by stand-in coach Wolfgang Luisser when the city’s footballers begin the post-Jorn Andersen era against Iran on Thursday.

Advertisement

The World Cup qualifier at Hong Kong Stadium will be the hosts’ first fixture since June 2021 without Andersen in the dugout, with former assistant Luisser stepping in after the Norwegian resigned last week to take charge of mainland Chinese club Yunnan Yukun.

“The biggest game for me as a head coach” was a simple enough assessment for Luisser given his top-level experience amounts to two 2019 matches as caretaker of SCR Altach in his native Austria. But a strong CV includes six years as assistant coach of Austria’s under-21s.

Hongkongers could reimagine what was possible during Andersen’s 2½-year reign, as an aggressive style delivered unprecedented results. While retaining traits that made Hong Kong a more competitive force, Luisser plans to do things his way, starting against Iran then away to Turkmenistan on Tuesday.

Wolfgang Luisser (left) plans to refine Hong Kong’s playing style in his matches in charge. Photo: Edmond So

Hong Kong netted only once in Andersen’s final five games, after 18 goals in the previous seven matches had appeared to draw a line under prolonged scoring issues.

Advertisement
Advertisement

We use cookies to tailor your experience and present relevant ads. By clicking “Accept”, you agree that cookies can be placed per our Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.scmp.com/sport/football/article/3265537/hong-kong-billed-more-creative-after-boss-exit-iran-visit-fifa-world-cup-qualifier 
 ----- 
