SUBSCRIBE
The Football Association of Hong Kong, China
SportFootball
Fifa World Cup 2026: Hong Kong pay penalty but debut strikes lift mood in loss to Iran
Soft spot-kick turns tide for Iran in Fifa World Cup qualifier, but Hong Kong show guts with new boys Timmy Ma and Anthony Pinto on target
Reading Time:
2 minutes
Why you can trust SCMP
2
Listen
Paul McNamara
Published: 10:04pm, 6 Jun 2024Updated: 4:04am, 7 Jun 2024

Hong Kong football christened two new heroes on Thursday night, but Wolfgang Luisser’s first game in temporary charge ended in a controversial 4-2 World Cup qualifying defeat at home to Iran.

Advertisement

Timmy Ma Hei-wai adeptly swept home a cross from Tan Chun-lok after 15 minutes of his senior international debut. Anthony Pinto was even quicker off the mark, dispatching a low effort past Payam Niazmand only two minutes after replacing Ma in the second half.

Ma’s stunning introduction was sandwiched by a pair of penalties from Mehdi Taremi, the second awarded after Yapp Hung-fai appeared to legally dispossess the striker in the box.

Taremi, on the verge of a transfer from FC Porto to Inter Milan, chipped in a Panenka kick before completing a hat-trick 11 minutes after half-time. But Pinto, released by English League One club Bolton Wanderers, soon fired home to give Hong Kong hope.

Yapp Hung-fai dives to meet Mehdi Taremi in the incident that led to the second penalty. Photo: Sam Tsang

Sardar Azmoun finally killed off the hosts when he escaped the attention of Leon Jones to slip home Iran’s fourth with 25 minutes left.

Advertisement

There were no complaints about the first penalty. Jones, another full Hong Kong debutant, used his arm to block a floated 11th-minute cross from Mehdi Ghayedi. Taremi ignored the howls to place his penalty into the bottom-left corner.

Advertisement

We use cookies to tailor your experience and present relevant ads. By clicking “Accept”, you agree that cookies can be placed per our Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.scmp.com/sport/football/article/3265680/fifa-world-cup-2026-hong-kong-pay-penalty-debut-strikes-lift-mood-loss-iran 
 ----- 
