Skip to content

Hong Kong Free Press HKFP

Hong Kong news, breaking updates – 100% Independent, impartial, non-profit

Support us
Menu
POSTED IN
HONG KONG
3 arrested in Hong Kong over allegedly insulting China’s national anthem during World Cup qualifier
Two men and one woman were apprehended under the National Anthem Law on Thursday night at Hong Kong Stadium, where Iran secured a 4-2 victory against the city’s team in a qualifying match for the international football championship to be held in 2026.
by KELLY HO
21:09, 7 JUNE 2024Updated 11:13, 22 JULY 2024 
Why you can trust Hong Kong Free Press
Click to share on X (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Threads (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)

Three people have been released on police bail after being arrested on suspicion of insulting China’s national anthem during a 2026 World Cup Asian qualifier in Hong Kong.

The 2026 World Cup Asian qualifier between Hong Kong and Iran held in Hong Kong Stadium on June 6, 2024. Photo: Courtesy of Fu Tong.

Two men and one woman were apprehended under the National Anthem Law on Thursday night at Hong Kong Stadium, where Iran secured a 4-2 victory against the city’s team in a qualifying match for the international football championship to be held in 2026.

Spectators at the 2026 World Cup Asian qualifier held in Hong Kong Stadium on June 6, 2024. Photo: Kelly Ho/HKFP.

According to police, the trio arrested, aged 18 to 31, were suspected of turning their backs to the field and not standing when the Chinese national anthem was played at the beginning of the match.

Local media reported that some plainclothes police officers were observing spectators and filming them as the March of the Volunteers was played to the stadium.

Police later apprehended the trio at the scene for allegedly insulting the national anthem. They were released on police bail pending investigation on Wednesday morning, and need to report to the police in mid-July.

“The police emphasise that anyone who publicly and intentionally insults the national anthem is committing a crime. Upon conviction, they may face a penalty of a fine of up to HK$50,000 and imprisonment for up to three years,” a Chinese statement from the police read.

Sports events

Hong Kong authorities have cracked down on behaviour they saw as insulting the Chinese national anthem at sports events since the city passed the National Anthem Law in 2020. The legislation also regulates the use of the national anthem and sets out standards of behaviour when it is played.

The 2026 World Cup Asian qualifier between Hong Kong and Iran held in Hong Kong Stadium on June 6, 2024. Photo: Kelly Ho/HKFP.

In April, a man stood trial over insulting the Chinese national anthem at a volleyball match after singing the pro-democracy song Do You Hear the People Sing while the March of the Volunteers was being played.

Support HKFP  |  Policies & Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  | Transparency & Annual Report | Apps

Help safeguard press freedom & keep HKFP free for all readers by supporting our team

LATEST FROM HKFP
What to know about the Jeju Air plane crash in South Korea that left at least 177 dead
Chinese Olympic table tennis champ says never ‘officially informed’ about fines
Hong Kong’s taxi industry at a turning point: Can new regulations bring free-wheeling sector back on track?
China launches investigation into beef imports amid struggling domestic industry

HKFP has an impartial stance, transparent funding, and balanced coverage guided by an Ethics Code and Corrections Policy. 

Support press freedom & help us surpass 1,000 monthly Patrons: 100% independent, governed by an ethics code & not-for-profit.

Support HKFP  |  Code of Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  |  Annual & Transparency Report

TAGGED:2026 World CupHong Kong Police Force (HKPF)Hong Kong StadiumMarch of the VolunteersNational Anthem Law
KELLY HOSENIOR REPORTER

Ho Long Sze Kelly is a Hong Kong-based journalist covering politics, criminal justice, human rights, social welfare and education. As a Senior Reporter at Hong Kong Free Press, she has covered the aftermath of the 2019 extradition bill protests and the Covid-19 pandemic extensively, as well as documented the transformation of her home city under the Beijing-imposed national security law.

Kelly has a bachelor's degree in Journalism from the University of Hong Kong, with a second major in Politics and Public Administration. Prior to joining HKFP in 2020, she was on the frontlines covering the 2019 citywide unrest for South China Morning Post’s Young Post. She also covered sports and youth-related issues.

More by Kelly Ho

HKFP is a proud member of:

Subscribe to HKFP's newsletters
HKFP Dim Sum
Our best features, interviews & original reporting, sent on Mondays.
HKFP Daily Digest
A digest of all HKFP stories from the day, sent at 9pm daily.
Sign up

Unsubscribe at any time. HKFP will never share your details with third parties.

LATEST STORIES
What to know about the Jeju Air plane crash in South Korea that left at least 177 dead
Chinese Olympic table tennis champ says never ‘officially informed’ about fines
Hong Kong’s taxi industry at a turning point: Can new regulations bring free-wheeling sector back on track?
China launches investigation into beef imports amid struggling domestic industry
Middle East ‘not a battleground for big powers,’ China and Iran say
Explainer: Who are the six overseas activists facing new Hong Kong nat. security arrest warrants?
More stories from today
FEATURES & INTERVIEWS
How tiny ‘Village Vehicles,’ which cost HK$1 million to own, keep Hong Kong’s outlying Lamma Island moving
Heritage under threat: The Hong Kong fish farmers set to lose their way of life to the Northern Metropolis development
Innocent Mutanga on bringing ‘African solutions’ to Hong Kong issues and why empowerment is key to equality
Hopeful mothers, unhappy being told to ‘try again’ after repeated miscarriages, spend time, energy, money to have kids
More stories

Views expressed by opinion writers & advertisers are not necessarily shared by HKFP.

Where to find HKFP:

HKFP Platforms:
HKFP Mobile Apps.
HKFP Newsletter.
HKFP Podcast.

HKFP Social Media:
HKFP Bluesky
HKFP Facebook.
HKFP Instagram.
HKFP LinkedIn.
HKFP Telegram.
HKFP Threads
HKFP X/Twitter.
HKFP YouTube.

HKFP Channels:
HKFP Apple News.
HKFP Flipboard.
HKFP News360.
HKFP Pushbullet.

About HKFP:

Advertise with HKFP.
Announcements.
Awards.
Careers.
Contact HKFP.
Community Guidelines.
Corrections Policy.
Corrections Log.
Documentary on HKFP.
Freelance Charter.
Newspaper Registration (periodical).
Policies, Ethics & Standards.
Privacy, T&Cs.
Security Law.
Staff Roster.

HKFP Partnerships:

CATEGORIES
Categories
Select Category
Animals
Arts, Lifestyle & Events
Business
China
Community & Education
Defence & Foreign Policy
Domestic Workers
Environment & Health
Hide
HKFP Announcements
HKFP Buzz
HKFP Features
HKFP Lens
HKFP Reports
HKFP Venture
HKFP Voices
Hong Kong
Humour & Satire
Interviews
Law & Crime
LGBTQ & Gender
Macau
Opinion
Paid Content
Politics & Protest
Science & Technology
Sport
Taiwan
TOP-LEVEL CAT (Pick 1)
Travel & Transport
Urban Exploring
Video
World
ABOUT THE TRUST PROJECT

The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism’s basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.

Learn more.
Facebook
X
Instagram
Threads
LinkedIn
Bluesky
YouTube
Telegram
Phone
RSS
About HKFP
Advertise with HKFP
Annual Report 2023
Announcements
Awards
Careers
Community Guidelines
Documentary
Freelance Charter
Ethics, Policies, Standards
Privacy, T’s & C’s
Store
Staff
Support HKFP
Transparency Report 2023

HKFP IS PROTECTED BY RECAPTCHA. THE GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF SERVICE APPLY.

© 2024 HKFP LTD
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
PRIVACY, T’S & C’S
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://hongkongfp.com/2024/06/07/3-arrested-in-hong-kong-over-allegedly-insulting-chinas-national-anthem-during-world-cup-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
