Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
CRICKET
Bahrain draw first blood in short game against Cricket Cranes
by DENIS MUSALI
OCTOBER 28, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Credit: Aminah Babirye

1st T20i: Uganda v Bahrain

Bahrain 97/5 (11 overs)
Uganda 80/8 (11 overs)
Bahrain won by 17 runs

In a rain-affected game at the Jinja SS Oval, Bahrain defeated hosts Uganda by 17 runs.

The heavy overnight downpour delayed the start of the first T20 game between the two sides preparing for the first round of the Challenge League B that starts in seven days.

Uganda won the toss and elected to bowl first. Bahrain didn’t hold back and took the attack to the hosts with some clean hitting.

Cosmas Kyewuta Credit: Aminah Babirye
Dineshi Nakrani Credit: Aminah Babirye
Dineshi Nakrani Credit: Aminah Babirye
Cricke Cranes celebrate a wicket against Bahrain Credit: Aminah Babirye

Asif Ali 31 off 18 balls and Imran Anwer 26 off 18 laid into the Ugandan bowling but once they had departed, Uganda was able to claw back into the game with some late wickets.

Dinesh Nakrani (3/20) was the pick of the bowlers with his change-of-pace deliveries that were hard for the Bahrain batters to pick up.

In the run chase, Dhawan Raghav (27) and Robinson Obuya (20) put on 41 for the opening stand but once Raghav departed, Uganda kept losing wickets in clusters and lacked any other partnership to push the game on.

Fred Achelam Credit: Aminah Babirye
Credit: Aminah Babirye

The hosts eventually ran out of resources with eight wickets down as the visitors won the 1st of two T20 games between the two sides.

Uganda will take the lessons from the defeat to make sure they have their bases covered for the Challenge League against the same opponent. The bowling was decent enough but it is the batting that should worry Coach Abhay Sharma to make sure his batting unit starts to score big runs for the team.

The teams will play each other again tomorrow afternoon in the second and final T20 match of the series.

DENIS MUSALI
denis.musali@kawowo.com

Denis has represented Uganda in international cricket events including the World Cup. He is currently the captain of Wanderers Cricket Club. More by Denis Musali

Leave a comment
Boni Consili Girls Vocational School draws opposition from Tanzania, Burundi and Somalia | 1st CAF U-17 girls integrated football tourney
Boni Consili Girls Vocational School receives kits prior to Inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Villa, URA lock horns in Luzira
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/28/bahrain-draw-first-blood-in-short-game-against-cricket-cranes/ 
 ----- 
