Light
Home
News
Teams
Premier League
F365 Favourites
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
Arsenal Will Sell Arteta Signing ‘if Right Offer’ Comes As Southampton Open Transfer ‘talks’
Arsenal will sell Arteta signing ‘if right offer’ comes as Southampton open transfer ‘talks’
Jason Soutar
24 Aug 2024 8:28 AM
England goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale celebrates after a win

Southampton have reportedly opened talks with Arsenal over the loan signing of Aaron Ramsdale, with a Netherlands international lined up as an alternative.

Ramsdale lost his place in the Arsenal goal last season following the signing of David Raya from Brentford.

When the Gunners bought Ramsdale in the 2021 summer transfer window, many people were taken by surprise, however, he ended up being an inspired signing.

The England goalkeeper quickly won over his doubters and was crucial in Arsenal’s top-four push in 2021/22 and title push the following campaign.

The reaction to Mikel Arteta bringing in Raya to take the No. 1 shirt was pretty volatile and the Spanish manager was heavily criticised.

MORE ON RAYA V RAMSDALE FROM F365
👉 Aaron Ramsdale’s honesty – and his dad’s mouth – is a bigger problem than his concentration…
👉 Raya is a better goalkeeper but right now Ramsdale looks a better ‘Arsenal’ goalkeeper

Despite being a benchwarmer in 23/24, Ramsdale did not leave the club in January and with a week left in the summer window, he is still an Arsenal player.

There have been lots of transfer rumours over the past eight months or so, with Chelsea and Newcastle United among those reportedly interested in signing Ramsdale.

More recently, Dutch giants Ajax have been linked, while Southampton, Wolves and Bournemouth are also believed to be exploring a move.

Southampton, Arsenal ‘in talks’ over Ramsdale loan

According to Sky Sports, the Saints are currently ‘in talks with Arsenal’ over the possibility of signing Ramsdale on loan.

It is claimed that the two clubs are ‘also discussing potential obligations to buy the goalkeeper if Russell Martin’s side stay up’.

Interest from Wolves and Bournemouth is emphasised, with Ramsdale ‘on the list of goalkeeper targets’ at the latter as the former ‘remain interested’.

Ad
Question 1
For what club was Mikel Arteta assistant coach before becoming Arsenal boss?
use 
hint
Man Utd
Man City
Real Sociedad
Rangers

Arsenal are happy to sell the 26-year-old, but only ‘if the right offer is made’.

The Gunners prefer a permanent sale rather than a loan, with a temporary departure including an obligation to buy something they are considering.

In terms of potential replacements, Arteta is believed to be keen on Espanyol shot-stopper Joan Garcia.

Wolves could end the summer window without signing a new goalkeeper, though that is unlikely to be the case at Southampton and Bournemouth.

Ad

Martin started Alex McCarthy in between the sticks in Southampton’s Premier League opener against Newcastle and the 34-year-old basically assisted the only goal of the game as the Magpies won.

Bournemouth, meanwhile, are reportedly interested in signing Chelsea outcast Kepa Arrizabalaga, who spent last term on loan at Real Madrid and remains the most expensive goalkeeper ever.

Southampton also have an interest in Feyenoord’s Justin Bijlow, who could be pursued if they fail to agree a deal with Arsenal for Ramsdale.

Bijlow was his club’s first-choice ‘keeper last season but his year was hindered by injuries. He has lost his starting spot to Timon Wellenreuther for 24/25.

Reports state that the Netherlands international is one of several options the Saints are ‘tracking’.

Ad

👉 More: Arsenal news | Premier League five-year net spend table | Merino to Arsenal latest

Arsenal
Aaron Ramsdale
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Joe Williams
10 Dec 2024
Wright thinks Chelsea could regret not signing ‘perfect’ ex-Arsenal star in the summer

Arsenal legend Ian Wright thinks Chelsea made a mistake by not signing Aaron Ramsdale from the Gunners to replace Robert Sanchez in the summer.

Chelsea
Aaron Ramsdale
Jason Soutar
04 Dec 2024
Isak, Sancho, Gravenberch, Savio: Every Premier League club’s best transfer decision of 2024

Arsenal broke a trend and Tottenham acted like a serious club for once. Here is every Premier League club’s best transfer decision of 2024.

F365 Features
Aaron Ramsdale
9
Lewis Oldham
07 Nov 2024
Seven Arsenal signings made by Edu who could join Nottingham Forest include £106m flops

With Edu ditching Arsenal for Nottingham Forest, here are seven of his signings for the Gunners who could soon rock up at the City Ground…

F365 Features
Aaron Ramsdale
Matt Stead
04 Oct 2024
England form XI snubbed by Carsley includes Arsenal sale, Newcastle signing and Rogers

Morgan Rogers and James Maddison were the biggest squad omissions but Danny Welbeck might have something to say about his England exile too.

F365 Features
Aaron Ramsdale
7
Lewis Oldham
17 Sep 2024
Arsenal star with Chelsea pair in £116m list of Premier League stars regretting their summer transfer

Riccardo Calafiori to Arsenal? Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall to Chelsea? Seriously, what were these six Premier League stars thinking in the summer?

F365 Features
Aaron Ramsdale
1
Matthew Caines
13 Sep 2024
Arsenal: Aaron Ramsdale opens up on Mikel Arteta after leaving for Southampton

Aaron Ramsdale has opened up on what his former manager Mikel Arteta told him before his transfer from Arsenal to Southampton in the summer transfer window.

Arsenal
Aaron Ramsdale
Mailbox
Arsenal ‘plastic fans’ are ‘humiliating themselves’ with Arteta impatience
02 Jan 2025
51
Mikel Arteta
Amorim tactical rigidity not the problem – Manchester United players ‘are knowingly failing to perform’
01 Jan 2025
23
Ruben Amorim
Amorim must stop copying ‘shamelessly negligent’ relegated manager and be more like O’Neill
01 Jan 2025
9
Martin O'neill
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Amorim slammed as unprofessional and blasted over lack of ‘common sense’ with training comments
31 Dec 2024
20
Joshua Zirkzee
Ruben Amorim
Premier League Table
Full Table
#	TEAM	P	W	D	L	GD	PTS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


View More
Mediawatch
Arsenal dream of truly ‘unbelievable’ four-man transfer spree after first deal ‘sealed’
02 Jan 2025
3
Mo Salah ‘not happy’ after ‘huge update’ that’s not an update at all
23 Dec 2024
2
Mohamed Salah
Rashford slammed for taking ‘flamethrower’ to Amorim relationship as ‘era of tough-nut footballer’ dies with Walker
20 Dec 2024
1
Kyle Walker
Marcus Rashford
Ruben Amorim and the 14 words that created Marcus Rashford ‘big, big headlines’
19 Dec 2024
2
Marcus Rashford
Ruben Amorim
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Football365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football365.com/news/arsenal-will-sell-ramsdale-right-offer-southampton-open-transfer-talks 
 ----- 
