English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: India vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between India and Sri Lanka?

ODI World Cup 2023: India vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between India and Sri Lanka?
One more win for India in the ODI World Cup 2023 will secure them a place in the semi final, which will be an added motivation for them to perform well against Sri Lanka on November 2.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 02 Nov 2023 06:40 AM

Credit: Twitter

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: November 2, 2023
Time: 2:00 PM IST
Venue: Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App


Follow: ODI World Cup Live Scores Here |Today Cricket Match Prediction

Preview

The match 33rd of the ODI World Cup 2023 will be played between India and Sri Lanka at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. After securing six straight wins, the Men in Blue are flying high in the flagship tournament, while the Lankan Lions lost their previous match in a tough manner against Afghanistan. One more win for India in the ODI World Cup 2023 will secure them a place in the semi-final, which will be an added motivation for them to perform well against Sri Lanka on November 2.

Pitch Report

The pitches at the Wankhede Stadium for the ODI World Cup 2023 have been one of the best for batters, where a lot of big totals have been made consistently. And despite the fact that the average first innings score at this venue is 256, the Indian cricket team could easily breach it, on the evidence of the current form of their batters, against Sri Lanka in their upcoming encounter.

Team Analysis

India

Rohit Sharma played an impressive innings of 87, curbing his natural instincts to play attacking cricket, to resurrect the Indian batting lineup, who had lost three quick wickets against England in their last outing of the ODI World Cup 2023. Although the Indian bowlers had only 229 runs to defend, they did it at a canter, with the likes of Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Shami, and Kuldeep Yadav picking up the bag of wickets of the English.

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

Rohit Sharma (c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Suryakumar Yadav, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohammed Shami, Jasprit Bumrah, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj

Sri Lanka

Sri Lanka batters had a tough time with the bat against Afghanistan, losing wickets at regular intervals, with no batters going past the fifties, including the in-form Pathum Nissanka, captain Kusal Mendis, and Sadeera Samarawickrama. The bowling attack of Sri Lanka also lacked penetration while defending the 241 total, with only Dilshan Madushanka picking up a couple of wickets.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Sri Lanka

Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis (c & wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Angelo Mathews, Dushmantha Chameera, Maheesh Theekshana, Kasun Rajitha, Dilshan Madushanka

Match Prediction

Conclusion

India are firm favourites to win against Sri Lanka, on the basis of the recent run of results, in their next match of the ODI World Cup 2023, but still, they can’t afford to take the former world champions lightly on November 2.

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

IndiaSri LankaODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-india-vs-sri-lanka-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-india-and-sri-lanka-ind-vs-sl-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
