Friday, January 10, 2025, 5:13AM |   11°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
1
Mike Burrows impresses in MLB debut vs. Yankees after long road to recovery from Tommy John surgery
6-foot-1, 190-pound right-hander gave up 1 earned run in 3⅓ innings with scores of supporters in attendance
 
ANDREW DESTIN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
adestin@post-gazette.com
 SEP 28, 2024 10:23 PM
4

NEW YORK — Raised roughly halfway between Fenway Park and Yankee Stadium, Mike Burrows grew up a Red Sox fan.

Make no mistake, though — Burrows’ parents, sisters, fiancee, future mother-in-law and countless friends were rooting quite vocally for the young right-hander during his MLB debut.

Burrows had all sorts of support — more than he expected — in the club level down the left-field line while limiting New York to two runs (one earned) across 3⅓ innings as the winning pitcher in the Pirates’ 9-4 victory against the Yankees on Saturday.

"I peeked up there in the fifth inning, I think, right at the start of it because I heard them all yelling up there,” Burrows said. “There was a little bit of a quiet period. Just peeked up there, saw that section. That was cool."

 
Andrew Destin
Phenom Paul Skenes wraps up stellar rookie season, Pirates club 5 homers in win vs. Yankees

Burrows was added to the Pirates roster when rookie right-hander Jared Jones was optioned to the Florida Complex League Pirates because he started Friday and effectively ended his season. This will have no impact on Jones’ service time nor how much money he makes in his rookie season.

In part, Burrows’ services were requested because rookie Paul Skenes only threw two innings to manage his workload and required a piggyback reliever. Skenes commended Burrows for seamlessly sliding into a slightly unusual setup.

"Pretty dang cool, especially to do it here,” Skenes said. “Just kind of an odd circumstance, having to piggyback me to make his debut. But just a really cool experience for him, I hope. It was awesome to watch."

Pirates manager Derek Shelton had an enjoyable viewing experience, as well, watching the Pirates’ No. 16 overall prospect, per MLB Pipeline. Burrows did a fine job in returning from Tommy John surgery, which cut short his 2023 campaign after just two starts.

Burrows said the 16 months of rehab that ensued were a “battle,: but he slowly started to inch closer to his previous form after 10 appearances (nine starts) for Triple-A Indianapolis, in which he compiled a 4.06 ERA.

Not only did Burrows get fully healthy this season, but he also ascended to the game’s highest level to close out a successful year.

"This was a big win for us,” Shelton said of Burrows. “We've talked about our starting pitching, especially in Pittsburgh, and we talk about the five starters. We talk about [Johan] Oviedo coming back. We talk about [Bubba] Chandler. We talk about [Thomas] Harrington.

 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: If Bob Nutting won’t fix the Pirates in 2025, someone else should

“We haven't talked about Burrows. The fact that he was able to come back from Tommy John and finish the season on a major league mound at Yankee Stadium, being able to throw strikes and getting his first win, that's a big win for us."

The 6-foot-1, 190-pound Burrows demonstrated his potential with a repertoire that features three above-average offerings in a four-seam fastball, changeup and curveball. Burrows recorded his first career strikeout on a changeup that dropped out of the zone and also got superstar Aaron Judge to whiff badly on a fastball well outside.

Shelton was particularly impressed with Burrows’ fastball, which sat in the mid-90s.

"Didn't look like there was any apprehension that came out,” Shelton said. “It was 94-96 on both sides of the plate. Overall, it was very good."

Such a sentiment also applied from Burrows when it came to all of the loved ones on hand in the Bronx, many of whom trekked from his hometown of Waterford, Conn., to Yankee Stadium. When Indianapolis’ season ended, though, by no means was it a guarantee Burrows would get his big league chance.

"I was really anxious,” Burrows said. “I didn't know if it was going to happen, just based on the surgery and everything and if they were willing to give me that opportunity this year and if I was willing to give myself the opportunity to get up here, if I was going to be able to string together some good starts to earn that opportunity. So it's all worked out.”

Albeit in just one start, Burrows reminded those outside the organization why he was such a highly regarded prospect not terribly long ago. Much time remains until spring training, but Burrows certainly did himself a favor or two with Saturday’s outing.

And at the very least, Burrows lived out a childhood dream.

“To be in Yankee Stadium, to get a win, to get a punchout, I just got a bit of everything,” Burrows said. “That was awesome."

First Published: September 28, 2024, 10:23 p.m.

Andrew Destin has covered the Pirates for the Post-Gazette since 2023. He has also covered the Penguins and Penn State football as a beat reporter.
  adestin@post-gazette.com
  @AndrewDestin1
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
LIFE
Kamins give much more than their name and $65 million to the Carnegie Science Center
NEWS
Pittsburgh Parking Authority considers removing residency requirement for employees amid staffing shortage
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Former Pitt volleyball star Torrey Stafford transferring to Texas
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 12:54am  Abby Schnable
2
SPORTS
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:25am  Joel Haas
3
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
4
SPORTS
Brian Batko's Steelers mailbag: Any chance George Pickens is gone this offseason?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:00am  Brian Batko
5
SPORTS
Penguins capitalize on fast start, hang on for victory against high-powered Oilers
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 2:47am  Andrew Destin
Frank Franklin II/Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
With Baltimore in his blood, Spencer Anderson poised if he starts at guard for Steelers
Penn State falters late against Notre Dame in Orange Bowl despite Nick Singleton’s three touchdowns
Steelers film room: Joey Porter Jr. and an aggressive man coverage scheme vital to beating Ravens
Penguins capitalize on fast start, hang on for victory against high-powered Oilers
Joe Starkey: Steelers-Ravens will be a vicious battle, with Lamar Jackson getting the last shot. Will he make it?
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/28/pirates-mike-burrows-mlb-debut-yankee-stadium-connecticut-win/stories/202409280064 
 ----- 
