Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
India vs Bangladesh 2024
India's predicted playing XI for the 3rd T20I vs Bangladesh | October 12, 2024
India's predicted playing XI for the 3rd T20I vs Bangladesh | October 12, 2024
By
Sai Krishna
Modified Oct 13, 2024 13:36 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
India v Bangladesh - 2nd T20 - Source: Getty

Team India are set to lock horns with Bangladesh in the third and final T20I in Hyderabad on Saturday, October 12. The Men in Blue already hold a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.

Having secured the series and gone in with unchanged XIs in the first two matches, the hosts are likely to look to rest and rotate. They have four players on the bench who can come into the picture, and some changes are certainly on the cards.

India’s squad for the 3 T20Is against Bangladesh: Suryakumar Yadav (c), Abhishek Sharma, Sanju Samson (wk), Rinku Singh, Hardik Pandya, Riyan Parag, Nitish Kumar Reddy, Tilak Varma, Washington Sundar, Ravi Bishnoi, Varun Chakaravarthy, Jitesh Sharma (wk), Arshdeep Singh, Harshit Rana, Mayank Yadav.

Trending

On that note, here is India's predicted playing XI for the third T20I against Bangladesh.

Openers: Abhishek Sharma, Sanju Samson (wk)
India & Bangladesh Net Sessions: Super Eight - ICC Men's T20 Cricket World Cup West Indies & USA 2024 - Source: Getty

Abhishek Sharma and Sanju Samson have gotten off to starts in the T20I series so far, but neither of them has converted them into big scores. Assistant coach Ryan ten Doeschate threw his weight behind Samson in the pre-match press conference, and the veteran keeper-batter has to deliver. Abhishek, meanwhile, will look to make his first sizeable contribution with the bat while also chipping in with the ball.

Middle order: Suryakumar Yadav (c), Riyan Parag, Nitish Kumar Reddy, Hardik Pandya, Rinku Singh
Sri Lanka v India - Source: Getty

The middle order has performed decently so far. Even though captain Suryakumar Yadav hasn't gotten himself into a big score yet, the likes of Hardik Pandya. Ritesh Kumar Reddy have come up with meaningful contributions. Rinku Singh scored a half-century in the last game as well. Riyan Parag hasn't spent much time in the middle and could be promoted in the batting order to give him a hit.

It's hard to see how Jitesh Sharma will fit in, with Hardik's bowling workload being under control. Tilak Varma, who wasn't part of the initial squad, might also have to wait for his turn.

Lower order: Washington Sundar, Ravi Bishnoi, Harshit Rana, Arshdeep Singh
India Cricket Training Session - Source: Getty

Harshit Rana didn't make his debut on his home ground of Delhi, but we could see him come into the fray for Mayank Yadav in the third T20I. A hugely talented bowler with skills in all aspects of fast bowling, he is expected to be one of the cornerstones of the Indian team going forward.

Varun Chakaravarthy has impressed so far, but we could see Ravi Bishnoi come in to give the young leggie a chance. He will likely be partnered by Washington Sundar in the spin department.

Follow IPL Auction 2025 Live Updates, News & Biddings at Sportskeeda. Get the fastest updates on Mega-Auction and cricket news

Quick Links

India vs Bangladesh 2024 Indian Cricket Team Bangladesh Cricket Team Sanju Samson Tilak Varma
Edited by Sai Krishna
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/india-s-predicted-playing-xi-3rd-t20i-vs-bangladesh-october-12-2024 
 ----- 
