LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
Women’s T20 World Cup: India eye big win against injury-hit Australia
India's massive win over Sri Lanka earlier this week has significantly improved their chances of reaching the last four, despite their setback against New Zealand in their opener

Published - October 12, 2024 12:49 pm IST - Sharjah

PTI
1
READ LATER
PRINT

Indian players celebrate the wicket of Sri Lanka’s Nilakshika Silva during the ICC Women’s T20 World Cup 2024 match between India and Sri Lanka at Dubai International Stadium, United Arab Emirates, Wednesday. | Photo Credit: AP

A confident India will strive to take control of their destiny by securing yet another net-run-rate boosting victory when they face an injury-ravaged Australia in their must-win Women's T20 World Cup match on Sunday, October 13, 2024.

India's massive win over Sri Lanka earlier this week has significantly improved their chances of reaching the last four, despite their setback against New Zealand in their opener.

Meanwhile Australia, with six points from three matches and an impressive net run rate of +2.786, has all but qualified for the semifinals, leaving India, New Zealand and Pakistan to fight out for the remaining spot.

However, the defending champions suffered two injury setbacks during Friday’s victory over Pakistan with skipper Alyssa Healy exiting the field due to an "acute injury to her right foot" and fast bowler Tayla Vlaeminck dislocated her shoulder.

With the pair, which will undergo scans on Saturday (October 12), expected to miss the crucial clash on Sunday, Australia's depth will be tested.

India's 82-run victory over Sri Lanka marked their largest margin of victory in tournament history, boosting not only their confidence but also their net run rate from negative to positive.

The win also elevated them to second place in Group A, just behind Australia, who are undefeated in the tournament. But India, who are on 4 points, will need a win to keep their knockout aspirations alive as New Zealand have one more game in hand and can also reach a total of 6 points.

If that's the scenario, qualification will hinge on the net run rate. While India currently holds a +0.567 NRR, New Zealand (-0.050) could surpass Harmanpreet Kaur and Co. with substantial victories over the struggling Pakistan and Sri Lanka.

Pakistan have 2 points from three games. If they defeat New Zealand in their final match and India loses to Australia, there is a possibility that all three teams could be stuck on 4 points and again the NRR will come into play.

Thus the 'Women in Blue' will be desperate not only for a win but also for another net run rate boost to steer off any threat from the Kiwis.

India has always challenged the Aussies, and with a last-four spot on the line, Harmanpreet Kaur would want her side to produce its A game once again.

The fact that the top order comprising Shafali Verma, Smriti Mandhana, and skipper Harmanpreet is back among runs augers will for the side.

Considering that it will be India's first match here and the venue has been tough on the batters, a lot will hinge on the trio and Jemimah Rodrigues, who is due for a big knock.

The bowlers, who enjoyed a stellar outing against Pakistan and Sri Lanka will hope to keep their opponents quiet.

If Healy misses out, Australia will face the challenge of finding a new captain, wicketkeeper, and opening batter, significantly reshaping their lineup. Beth Mooney will take over the wicket-keeping duties.

But vice-captain Tahlia McGrath, who is expected to lead the side against India, insists Australia are ready to call on their squad strength.

"The thing about this Australia team is the depth we have. It’s time to use it,” she said on Friday.

Published - October 12, 2024 12:49 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS 1
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

cricket / sport

Most Popular
How India can reach WTC Final: Win at SCG and hope for Sri Lankan series victory or draw against Australia
A case for pragmatic approach in T.N.
I have not retired, I just stood down from this Test because I am not in form: Rohit
Best sporting moments of 2024
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Boland removes Jaiswal and Rahul after promising start
Mumbai police issue prohibitory orders from January 9 to 23
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Bangladesh Army chief calls for national consensus 
South Korean Jeju Air crash black box data 
Uma Thomas accident 
Dallewal hunger strike 
School enrolment down by over 1 crore 
Delhi news 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
IND vs AUS 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/womens-t20-world-cup-india-eye-big-win-against-injury-hit-australia/article68745446.ece 
 ----- 
