Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Judge, scuffling Yankees focus on where they can go rather than the rut they’re in
New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge walks out of the dugout during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 7:35 AM EDT

ARLINGTON, Texas — Aaron Judge hasn’t homered in nine straight games for the first time this season, and the Yankees are under .500 over the equivalent of half a season.

Never mind that Judge leads the major leagues with 51 home runs or the Yankees are just a half-game behind Baltimore for the AL East lead and the AL’s best record.

“Nobody’s going to feel sorry for us,” manager Aaron Boone said. “I’m sure a lot of people out there are rooting against us. We’ve got to have that us-against-the-world, go take this thing, go take this position, go take this playoff opportunity. It’s all there for us. We’ve got to do it.”

In a 10-6 loss at the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night that gave the Yankees their third consecutive series loss, New York was within inches of cutting a ninth-inning deficit from eight runs to one.

Wyatt Langford made a leaping, game-ending catch at the top of wall in left field on a 104 mph liner from Giancarlo Stanton with two runners on after Trent Grisham’s two-out grand slam. This was a night after the Texas rookie’s game-ending slam in a 7-4 Rangers victory.

Judge and Juan Soto had left the game in the eighth inning because of the 10-2 deficit, so Judge was already assured of his ninth consecutive game without going deep — he had a pair of eight-game stretches earlier this season.

“Just don’t think about it, try not to hear those kinds of things,” said Judge, who was 6 of 34 with two doubles over the three series losses. “I think I heard it early in the year, too, but there’s nothing I can do about that. I’m not trying to hit homers.”

The Yankees are currently without a specific closer after two-time All-Star Clay Holmes gave up Langford’s drive with New York on the cusp of a series victory in the middle game against the Rangers — Holmes’ big league-high 11th blown save.

Boone says there are several options, including Holmes, for the next save opportunity in what he called a short-term situation. Those answers won’t come until Friday at the earliest, at the Chicago Cubs.

Marcus Stroman was 3-0 over his prior four starts before giving up nine hits in 3 2/3 innings in the series finale against the Rangers, who were without the top two hitters in their order: Marcus Semien and reigning World Series MVP Corey Seager.

“I think we’re all very process-oriented in this clubhouse so we know what we’re capable of,” Stroman said. “A few bad losses doesn’t move the room in a bad way at all, so just a matter of doing what we’re capable of and going out there and getting momentum and hopefully taking it to Chicago.”

New York’s 40-41 record goes back to June 1, when it started that day 40-19. Even back then, though, the Yankees were only two games ahead of the Orioles.

AL Central-leading Cleveland (80-60) is also in the mix for the AL’s best record, tied with New York and a half-game behind Baltimore (81-60).

“We are right there with every opportunity to reach our hopes and dreams. And that’s because of the season we’ve had as a whole,” Boone said. “We’ve put ourselves in position to go grab this thing. But if we want to go grab it, we’ve got to play our best ball and put our best foot forward with 22 to go.”

There were several unsightly moments for the Yankees in the series finale against the Rangers, the defending World Series champions who are essentially out of playoff contention this year.

Second baseman Gleyber Torres didn’t realize a speedy Langford might try to turn an RBI hit from a single into a double and nonchalantly handled the cutoff throw while Langford sprinted to second base behind him. Langford scored on a single right after that.

Reliever Tim Mayza allowed three consecutive baserunners in the sixth, and Mark Leiter Jr. gave up a double before a wild pitch that capped a three-running inning for an 8-2 Texas lead.

New York needs two victories to clinch a 32nd consecutive winning season. Judge isn’t rattled by the mediocre play of late.

“We’ve still got a long month ahead of us, big series coming up here in Chicago,” Judge said. “That’s all you can really do is look forward. You can’t sit and look back at past games ’cause those will just keep building. So it’s just about moving forward and get ready for this next series.”

Originally Published: September 5, 2024 at 7:31 AM EDT
Around the Web
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
If Your Dog Does This, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
North Charleston: New Built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $250/month - Take a Look Inside
SeniorLiving2
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
15 Places to Get Free Food and Products Just by Asking
The Penny Hoarder
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The 10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods You Need to Stop Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Breakfast Foods You Need to Stop Eating Right Away!
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Over 50? Avoid These 10 Foods at All Costs
HEALTH NATURAL
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Psoriatic Arthritis is Silent but Deadly - See More
Tardive Dyskinesia
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Top Doctor: How to Regrow Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2024
September
5
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/05/judge-scuffling-yankees-focus-on-where-they-can-go-rather-than-the-rut-theyre-in/ 
 ----- 
