Skip to content
Subscribe Now
52°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Oakland A’s outfielder: ‘People might think of us as a laughingstock … but next year’s going to be a different story’
Oakland A’s have MLB’s worst record, but rookie Lawrence Butler confident of a quick turnaround
Oakland Athletics’ Ryan Noda (49) is congratulated by third base coach Eric Martins (3) after hitting a home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the sixth inning of a baseball game in Oakland, Calif., Monday, Sept. 4, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
By CURTIS PASHELKA | cpashelka@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 5, 2023 at 3:52 AM PDT

OAKLAND – Say this about rookie outfielder Lawrence Butler, he doesn’t lack confidence in himself, or in the Oakland A’s.

Butler hit two of Oakland’s four home runs on Monday as the A’s had their three-game winning streak snapped with a 6-5, 10-inning loss to the Toronto Blue Jays before an announced Labor Day crowd of 9,062 at the Coliseum.

The loss dropped the A’s record to 42-96, which includes a 7-23 mark against American League East opponents. Still, all five of Oakland’s runs came courtesy of A’s rookies, with infielders Ryan Noda and Jordan Diaz hitting solo homers.

“The A’s have a really bright future,” Butler said. “People might think of us as a laughingstock of the league this year, but next year, it’s going to be a whole different story.”

The A’s front office is using this time with just under four weeks left in the regular season to help determine which players can be a part of the solution going forward.

It sure looks like first baseman Noda, Butler, and second baseman Zack Gelof figure into the A’s long-term plans — and could even be key ingredients for whenever the franchise is ready to compete for a playoff spot again.

According to Butler, that might happen sooner than people think, despite the A’s having the worst record in the majors.

“We’re playing really good baseball right now,” Butler said. “Putting up good at-bats, pitchers are throwing well, the bullpen’s been good, starters have been good and we’re playing good defense. So I mean, it’s just a matter of time before it all really clicks and we take off.”

Gelof was just named the AL Rookie of the Month for August and Noda has played his best baseball of the year since he returned from a fractured jaw midway through last month, helping the A’s put together an 8-6 stretch in what’s otherwise been a dismal 2023 season.

Besides Butler’s homers, Noda’s homer was his 14th of the season, and Diaz hit his 10th.

“We’re trying obviously to identify a group to go forward with in the future,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said before the game. “Ryan, for maybe most of the season or all season, has really done that and solidified himself as a piece here.

“Last year, I think we used 11 different first basemen and Ryan has really taken over that role and solidified the position. So, with Zack and him, it’s fun to watch two young players that have power and an (ability) to put the ball in play and get on base at the top of the lineup.”

Asked postgame about Butler, Kotsay said, “I can’t tell you what his ceiling is but he’s only going to get better. He has the tools to play at a really high level, so that’s probably the ceiling.

“Being an everyday guy, being an impact player. I don’t think we’ve seen the best of him defensively, I don’t think we’ve seen him run and steal bases like he probably can. But again, this kid is really young and it’s exciting.”

Gelof, Butler, and Diaz are all 23 and Noda is 27. Best of all, at least from the frugal A’s perspective, is the fact that they’re all under team control for several more years to come, with the chance that they could provide some long-term stability to an organization that’s seen multiple players come and go since the start of last season.

Butler was the A’s sixth-round pick in the 2018 draft and was rated as Oakland’s fifth-best prospect by MLB.com, as he hit .257 with 50 home runs, 223 RBI, and 67 stolen bases in 376 games in five seasons in the minors.

In 23 games, Butler is hitting .246 with nine RBIs and an OPS of .717, although he does have 16 strikeouts.

“Coming from High-A and hitting two home runs in a big league game in less than a year’s time is impressive,” Kotsay said of Butler. “This is a kid that we identified early, a high school draft kid, that’s really taken the time to mature.

“You’re seeing that maturation process now happen at the big league level. … To see the success, it’s a great sign.”

Since he was reinstated from the injured list Aug. 21, Noda, before Monday, was 13-for-42 (.310) with six walks and a .442 on-base percentage in 13 games. For the season, Noda led Major League rookies in walks (66) and on-base percentage (.384) and ranked seventh in OPS (.813).

In August, Gelof hit 286 with eight doubles and seven home runs and had 15 RBI and a .912 OPS in 27 games.

“It’d be awesome if we could be here for the foreseeable future together,” Noda said before the game of him and Gelof.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

Still, there’s a lot to learn. Gelof, after his single in the sixth inning, stole second base but was picked off by Jays starter Jose Berrios. The mental mistake was especially tough considering it came right before Noda’s home run.

Noda was also 0-for-2 on Monday with runners in scoring position. In the eighth inning, with two outs, the score tied 3-3, and Nick Allen at third base, Noda grounded out to first base.

A’s starter Luis Medina, who was activated off the 15-day injured list Monday, allowed three walks and three earned runs in 4 2/3 innings.

Kotsay lamented the free passes — the A’s gave up six — and the team going 1-for-8 with runners in scoring position, but added, “Overall, it was a good game.”

Originally Published: September 4, 2023 at 4:11 PM PDT
Around the Web
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Neuropathy: Simple Method Helps Nerve Pain Disappear (At Home)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for South Carolina Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Blurry Vision? Do This Immediately and See Results
WellnessGaze Vision
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Forget Retinol, Use This Household Item to Fill in Wrinkles
WellnessGaze Skin
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Gas, Bloating & Constipation? Top US Gut Doctor Begs: Do This Once Daily
WellnessGaze News
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
10 Foods to Avoid when You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone with Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This from You)
The Daily Survivor
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones
Hydrants’ failure casts Los Angeles fire chief into public spat with City Hall
Special counsel Jack Smith resigns after submitting Trump report
Five-bedroom home sells in San Jose for $4.9 million
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
Three earthquakes in four hours hit off San Francisco coast
Report: Trump border czar privately tempers GOP expectations on deportation plans
Two killed, one wounded in North Oakland shooting
A love story transplanted this pizzeria from Lake Como to Redwood City
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Legendary goalie, forever tied to Sharks’ lore, to play in San Jose one final time

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
4
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Default: Location of this page
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/04/theres-a-lot-to-learn-but-can-these-rookies-lead-the-oakland-as-next-resurgence/ 
 ----- 
