Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'He's my everything': Horwitz gifts first-homer ball to big brother
Share
'He's my everything': Horwitz gifts first-homer ball to big brother
September 4th, 2023

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

DENVER -- Twenty-two minutes prior to first pitch on Sunday at Coors Field, Spencer Horwitz was told he was in the lineup. Brandon Belt’s back was barking, so it was the rookie’s turn.

Horwitz responded by launching his first MLB home run, a 442-foot moon shot to right field in a 7-5 win over the Rockies. It earned him a post-game beer shower from his teammates, but once Horwitz washed off the free drinks, his mind went to his brother Ben, who was in the stands.

Ben was with Spencer in Buffalo when he was called up and made the trip to Denver. Spencer was able to get the home run ball back after it fell into the Rockies’ bullpen, and he already has a plan for the souvenir from his biggest moment in baseball yet.

The ball belongs to his big brother.

“He’s my best friend,” Horwitz said. “I love him to death. He’s my BP thrower. He’s my everything. For him to be able to see my first homer is extremely special.”

This is Horwitz’s second stint with the Blue Jays this season, and while his family was there to see him pick up his first career base hit on June 18 in Texas, the stakes are much different now. Horwitz has been thrust into a postseason race that he might just play a legitimate role in, especially if Belt deals with more back issues after those have flared up a handful of times recently.

He might ask Ben to stick around, too.

“We grew up around baseball and grew up around sports,” Horwitz said. “He was more of a football player, for sure. He beat on me enough, and that’s where I get my competitive edge from.”

The home run highlighted a three-hit day for Horwitz, who has put together a remarkable season in Triple-A as the Blue Jays’ No. 17 prospect. The on-base machine posted a .337 average and .945 OPS, taking his game to another level after his first taste of the big leagues.

Veterans have a special appreciation for youngsters who come up and embrace their roles. Davis Schneider is off to arguably the best start in Blue Jays history while Horwitz and Ernie Clement, who went 3-for-5, were both part of this weekend’s series win.

Kevin Gausman called it “one of those little things that only happen a couple times a season.” It’s rare for those moments to come this late, especially on a team competing for a postseason spot, but the Blue Jays have been forced to find solutions on the fly with injuries to Bo Bichette, Matt Chapman and Danny Jansen.

Related
Newly acquired Horwitz poised to make his mark in Pittsburgh

December 27th, 2024

'Nice to feel wanted': Horwitz ready for opportunity with Pirates

December 18th, 2024

Could Horwitz be long-term fit for Bucs at first base?

December 18th, 2024

Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

January 11th, 2025

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

January 10th, 2025

“They’ve been a good shot of energy,” Gausman said. “They come in and they’re playing with their hair on fire. They’re excited for every opportunity they’re getting, and they’re getting a lot of them right now. They’re not taking it for granted at all. It’s been so fun to watch these guys. They dominated the whole series.”

The day will come when the Blue Jays will rely on their established veterans once again, but Horwitz has a chance to be part of this club’s long-term success and add a few more pieces of memorabilia to his brother’s shelf.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Spencer Horwitz
Toronto Blue Jays

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/spencer-horwitz-hits-first-big-league-homer-gives-ball-to-big-brother 
 ----- 
