SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
DE BRUYNE SCORES BRACE AS BELGIUM DEFEAT ISRAEL BEHIND CLOSED DOORS IN NATIONS LEAGUE
De Bruyne scores brace as Belgium defeat Israel behind closed doors in Nations League
Chris Heath,
06.09.2024 20:46
Youri Tielemans celebrates goal for Begium
ČTK / Panoramic / Jan De Meuleneir/ Profimedia
Belgium began their 2024/25 UEFA Nations League campaign with a comfortable 3-1 victory over Israel at a deserted Nagyerdei Stadion. A brace from Kevin De Bruyne proved the difference, as Belgium recorded their seventh win in eight head to heads.

Encountering Belgium for the first time since October 2015, League A newcomers Israel began assertively in the neutral setting of Hungary, as Anan Khalaili shot straight at Koen Casteels immediately from kick-off.

But De Bruyne soon led by example, giving Belgium the lead in the 21st minute.

Arriving inconspicuously into the penalty area, captain fantastic slammed domestic Manchester City teammate Jeremy Doku’s delicious delivery into the back of the net, leaving Israeli goalkeeper Yoav Gerafi with no chance of making a save.

Having been a starter instead of first-choice striker Romelu Lukaku, Dodi Lukebakio looked eager to impress. And he came close to doubling the Red Devils’ advantage not long after they took the lead, but saw his effort well-saved by Gerafi.

That kept Israel’s chances of a leveller alive, and they surprisingly got one in the 36th minute.

De Bruyne’s loss of possession allowed Khalaili to head home via a deflection off Timothy Castagne, and Israel’s equaliser was eventually credited as an own goal for the Fulham full-back.

Omri Gandelman’s headed goal was rightly ruled for offside in added-on time, as Israel returned to the dressing room with an added aura of confidence ahead of the second half.

But Belgium broke the designated visitors’ resolve almost immediately after the restart, as Lois Openda’s exquisite flick gave Youri Tielemans the opening to fire a stunningly-struck strike beyond Gerafi.

Match stats
Flashscore

Openda then played another pivotal role in breaching the Israeli backline again, with Raz Shlomo’s foul in the area on the lively winger handing De Bruyne a brace on the evening, as he confidently converted the resulting penalty.

Unselfishly, despite being on a hat-trick, De Bruyne allowed Openda to take another spot-kick awarded to the Red Devils, following Sagiv Jehezkel’s unnecessary trip on the latter.

On this occasion, Gerafi guessed the right direction, remaining on the spot to prevent the RB Leipzig attacker from getting his name on the scoresheet.

The Manchester City midfield maestro would frustratingly be denied taking the match-ball home with him by a fine Gerafi save later on, but another head to head victory for Belgium sees Domenico Tedesco's side take a positive step towards bettering their fourth-place finish in the 2020/21 edition of the competition.

On the other hand, Israel now remain without a win over the Red Devils in close to 46 years.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Kevin De Bruyne (Belgium) 

See all the match stats here.

Follow the Nations League here.
MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Belgium
Israel
Kevin De Bruyne
Related Articles
Germany boss Nagelsmann aims to lay 'foundation' with World Cup in sight
06.09.2024 17:16
De Bruyne bemoans money mattering more to FIFA than player welfare
06.09.2024 16:58
Norway fail to break down stubborn Kazakhstan in drab Nations League draw
06.09.2024 15:57
Show more
Football
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
2 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
2 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
3 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
4 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
4 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
6 h ago
Updated
Premier League Player of the Week: Wolves' Matheus Cunha shines against Man United
6 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Joelinton and Gakpo star as Huijsen continues to impress
6 h ago
EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Arsenal star Mohammed on Katsina Academy & partnership with Mbappe’s AS Bondy
7 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Xabi Alonso crowned our Manager of the Year
8 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Luke Littler battles past Ryan Meikle in 'toughest game ever' at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-uefa-nations-league-de-bruyne-scores-brace-as-belgium-defeat-israel-behind-closed-doors-in-nations-league/vuljZ9zH/ 
 ----- 
