NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Guardians rally past Twins to tighten grip on AL Central
Associated Press
September 17, 2024 - 12:22am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:4ae30dd1907d0707cf38cc2 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Angel Martinez had three hits and rookie Kyle Manzardo hit a two-run go-ahead shot in the bottom of the eighth inning as the Cleveland Guardians edged the Minnesota Twins 4-3.
0 comments

CLEVELAND — Rookie Kyle Manzardo hit a two-run, go-ahead homer in the eighth inning and Emmanuel Clase recorded his 46th save as the Cleveland Guardians rallied to beat the Minnesota Twins 4-3 on Monday night to tighten their grip on the AL Central.

With Josh Naylor on second after a double, Manzardo connected on the first pitch from Griffin Jax (4-5), sending it deep into the right-field seats for his third homer to trigger an eruption of joy in Cleveland's dugout and throughout Progressive Field.

“I'm so happy for him,” said Guardians manager Stephen Vogt, who was overcome with emotion during his postgame news conference. “Everyone who grows up wanting to play baseball has dreamed of that moment happening. The smile on his face looking back at our dugout, that was incredible.”

Vogt paused to compose himself.

“My favorite part is Naylor at second base standing there watching it and cheering, waiting for him at home plate with a smile on his face,” Vogt said, his eyes reddened by tears. “To see two teammates come together like that, that's powerful stuff.”

Manzardo said his trip around the bases was unforgettable.

“I floated a little bit,” he said. “I don’t remember all of it, honestly.”

Their MLB-leading 40th come-from-behind win moved the Guardians 7 1/2 games ahead of the defending division champion Twins. It also reduced Cleveland's magic number for clinching a playoff berth to two.

Clase, who has built a strong argument for Cy Young consideration, worked the ninth for his 33rd consecutive save and No. 46 this season, tying him with José Mesa (1995) for the club's single-season record.

“It’s really special,” Clase said of catching Mesa. “It's all about the focus, being able to stay focused on every single pitch and to execute every single pitch when I get the chance to pitch.”

Rookie Andrew Walters (1-0) picked up his first career win as Cleveland's top-ranked bullpen threw 6 1/3 scoreless innings to bail out starter Matthew Boyd, who didn't get out of the third.

Pablo López pitched into the seventh inning for the Twins, but Minnesota's bullpen couldn't protect the lead.

Byron Buxton hit a two-run single for the Twins, who dropped to 8-2 against the Guardians in 2024.

Minnesota's division chances are essentially done, and every loss puts a possible wild-card spot in jeopardy.

“Our margin of error keeps shrinking and shrinking,” said López. "Now it's to the point we got to take it one game at a time, one pitch at a time, one at-bat at a time. Today will be a tough pill to swallow.

“We still have a shot. Everyone's aware of the standings. There's a scoreboard wherever you go.”

The Twins took a 3-0 lead in the third and chased Boyd, who gave up a double to Carlos Correa and then hurt himself by loading the bases with a pair of two-out walks.

Correa scored on a passed ball and Buxton brought in Minnesota's next two runs with a single that deflected off Boyd's glove into centre. As Guardians second baseman Giménez tried to reach it behind the bag, he collided with umpire Chad Fairchild, who was doing all he could to get out of the way.

Giménez needed a few minutes to gather himself but stayed in.

KWAN UPDATE

Guardians All-Star left fielder and leadoff hitter Steven Kwan missed his fourth straight game with lower back soreness. Kwan went through a strenuous pregame workout and Vogt said the team should have a better handle on a timeframe for Kwan's return Tuesday.

Kwan is batting just .201 in the second half after leading MLB with a .352 average at the All-Star break.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Guardians: Vogt said RHP Alex Cobb (middle finger blister) is scheduled to throw a bullpen in “the next couple days” and providing there no setbacks, he's expected to be sent out for a minor league rehab start. The 36-year-old has only made three starts since Cleveland acquired him in a July trade from San Francisco.

UP NEXT

Guardians RHP Gavin Williams (3-9, 5.23 ERA) starts Tuesday's game against Twins rookie RHP Zebby Matthews (1-3, 7.11).

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Purple place: Mets unveil new Grimace seat at Citi Field
Mets’ Lindor expects short absence after MRI comes back clean
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/guardians-rally-past-twins-to-tighten-grip-on-al-central/ 
 ----- 
