Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Lorain County
Cuyahoga County
Ohio News
National News
Lake Erie
Opioid Epidemic
Election
Traffic
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Cleveland Browns
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cleveland Guardians
Ohio State
Lake Erie Crushers
Lorain County Ironmen
Monsters
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Movies
Music and Concerts
Theater
Restaurants Food and Drink
Recipes
Travel
TV Listings
Comics
More Puzzles
Jumble and More
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Jobs
Classifieds
Tools
Contact Us
Advertise
Contests
Submit Announcements
Newsstand Locations
Mobile Apps
GasBuddy
Lottery
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment January 10, 2025 at 12:05 pm
SPORTSMLBCLEVELAND GUARDIANS
Willi Castro hits two-run homer, Twins down Guardians, 4-1, to stay locked into AL wild-card spot
1 of 6

The Twins' Trevor Larnach, left, congratulates Willi Castro, on his home run in the eighth inning Sept. 17. (Sue Ogrocki - The Associated Press)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 23, 2024 at 6:36 PM EDT

By Tom Withers

The Associated Press

Willi Castro hit a two-run homer, Matt Wallner had two RBI and the Twins bounced back from a crushing loss in the series opener to beat the Guardians, 4-1, on Tuesday night and stay locked into the final AL wild card.

Castro connected in the eighth inning, and both of Wallner’s RBI singles came off Gavin Williams (3-10), who has just one win in his last seven starts.

The Twins entered with a 1 1/2-game lead over Detroit for the last playoff berth, and they kept it with solid defense, strong relief and Castro’s big swing one night after blowing a 3-0 lead on Monday.

“The energy has been good. The last few games have been rough for us,” said Castro, who homered for the first time since Aug. 24. “We’ve got to keep it going.”

Lane Thomas homered for the AL Central-leading Guardians, who are closing in on the postseason. They can still clinch a spot on Wednesday.

Cleveland rallied for its MLB-leading 40th comeback win on Monday, storming back against the Twins.

Minnesota held on this time, but not before the Guardians made it interesting.

They loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth before manager Rocco Baldelli, who had to piece together the final four innings after pulling rookie Zebby Matthews in the fifth, brought in Griffin Jax.

The right-hander, who gave up rookie Kyle Manzardo’s go-ahead homer in the eighth on Monday, struck out pinch-hitter David Fry and gave up an infield single before retiring Bo Naylor on a dribbler for his ninth save.

When it ended, there was a collective sigh of relief from Minnesota’s dugout.

“Great win for our entire team,” Baldelli said. “Everywhere you looked — in the dugout, out in the bullpen — everyone played a part in some small way. There’s a lot to clap about and talk about.”

Cole Sands (9-1) worked one inning for the win as the Twins snapped a five-game losing streak in Cleveland.

Baldelli was especially pleased with Matthews, who allowed one run in 4 2/3 innings — one out shy of qualifying for a win.

“I think we have to reassess what’s a win because that should be a win,” Baldelli said. “He pitched great.”

Down 2-1, the Guardians got something going in the seventh when Manzardo led off with a single.

But pinch-runner Myles Straw, making his season debut after being selected from Triple-A Columbus before the game with All-Star Steven Kwan going on the IL, got picked off first by Ronny Henriquez.

Straw was initially called safe. But Baldelli challenged, and when the call was overturned, Straw had to jog back to the dugout in humiliation.

“I knew it was close,” Straw said. “I wasn’t sure if I was going to be out or safe. When he called me safe, I was pretty thankful. But then obviously Rocco challenged the play and it got overturned, so kind of sucked.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Twins: OF Max Kepler, who has been sidelined with a knee tendinitis, received a cortisone shot in his left hip after experiencing discomfort. Kepler has responded to treatment could begin a rehab assignment this weekend. … SS Carlos Correa got the night off as the club monitors his workload after recently returning from a 51-game IL stint for plantar fasciitis.

Guardians: Manager Stephen Vogt said RHP Alex Cobb (finger blister) played catch as he continues to work his way back. The 36-year-old is on the injured list for the second time since being acquired from the Giants at the trade deadline.

UP NEXT

Guardians RHP Tanner Bibee (11-8, 3.60 ERA), who has won just once in his past five starts, tries to get Cleveland closer to the playoffs in a matchup against Twins RHP Bailey Ober (12-7, 3.90 ERA) on Wednesday.

Originally Published: September 17, 2024 at 10:41 PM EDT
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
A 70-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Rechol.com
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Iowa
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Don't Ever Get Caught on The Slopes Without These Skiing Gear Essentials
Fanyil
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Pizza Cutter in Avon Lake is asking for community’s help to avoid closing its doors
Pizza Cutter in Avon Lake is asking for community’s help to avoid closing its doors
Dom & Luigi’s Barbershop celebrates new Lorain location, upcoming anniversary
Dom & Luigi’s Barbershop celebrates new Lorain location, upcoming anniversary
Elyria vs. North Ridgeville wrestling: Pioneers serve ‘reality check’ in dominant SWC win
Elyria vs. North Ridgeville wrestling: Pioneers serve ‘reality check’ in dominant SWC win
Avon’s Matt Maxey is Kent State’s newest football commit
Avon's Matt Maxey is Kent State's newest football commit
Amherst vs. Elyria boys basketball: Pioneers prevail in SWC slugfest, 59-56
Amherst vs. Elyria boys basketball: Pioneers prevail in SWC slugfest, 59-56
High school boys basketball statistics for Jan. 9
High school boys basketball statistics for Jan. 9
Overhaul Missions Center in Lorain expands Clothe Thy Neighbor program to serve needy residents
Overhaul Missions Center in Lorain expands Clothe Thy Neighbor program to serve needy residents
High school girls basketball statistics for Jan. 9
High school girls basketball statistics for Jan. 9
American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association Chapter 144 donates $1K to Blessing House in Elyria
American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association Chapter 144 donates $1K to Blessing House in Elyria
Lorain teen singer/songwriter Mason Mitchell to release first single ‘i love you i’m sorry’ on New Year’s Day
Lorain teen singer/songwriter Mason Mitchell to release first single 'i love you i’m sorry' on New Year’s Day
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN SPORTS
Morning Journal Players of the Week for Jan. 10
Amherst vs. Elyria boys basketball: Pioneers prevail in SWC slugfest, 59-56
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Notre Dame gets late interception, field goal to beat Penn State, 27-24, and advance to CFP championship game
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
High school sports scoreboard for Jan. 9
2024
September
17
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Submit Announcements
iOS App
Android App
News-Herald
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
JOBS
Classifieds
Network Advertising
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.morningjournal.com/2024/09/17/willi-castro-hits-a-2-run-homer-twins-down-guardians-4-1-to-stay-locked-into-al-wild-card-spot/ 
 ----- 
