MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Detroit Tigers are showing anything is possible in playoff chase
By Cody Stavenhagen
Sep 17, 2024

64

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Another night, another dramatic, draining, dumbfounding and borderline divine win.

In Monday’s 7-6 Detroit Tigers victory against the Kansas City Royals, there was a rookie second baseman hitting a towering blast to rejuvenate his team’s hopes. There was another rookie, this one an unheralded switch hitter fresh off an oblique injury, pinch hitting from his weaker side and delivering the game’s biggest knock. There was the bullpen’s emerging force, a 27th-round MLB Draft pick who just made back-to-back starts as an opener now throwing the hardest pitch of his life to help escape a daunting jam.

After the runs scored and the dugout roared and the celebrations ensued, the team’s maestro manager stood in the office and shook his head.

“So many twists and turns in that game,” A.J. Hinch joked. “Please don’t ask me to explain all of those.”

During the third inning, the Tigers found themselves in a 4-0 hole after Reese Olson — in his first start back from the injured list — hung a curveball that fed into the monster that is Bobby Witt Jr. Witt’s grand slam gave the Royals an advantage, the kind light-hitting teams such as the Tigers aren’t supposed to be able to surmount, the kind good teams with good pitchers such as Seth Lugo are not supposed to relent.

Instead, the Detroit lineup chipped away. Parker Meadows used his blessed legs to score on a single from Matt Vierling, a do-it-all player who was somehow overshadowed by all the other thrills of the evening. Then, with Vierling on base, second baseman Colt Keith sat fastball after two previous dismal at-bats against Lugo. Instead, he got a changeup in the zone, stayed back and connected. His ball climbed and traveled 406 feet to make it a 4-3 game in the fifth.

“I don’t think anybody thought we were out of it,” Keith said later. “Just the way we’ve been swinging the bats, we’ve been able to get runs across to get jobs done.”

In the sixth came perhaps the game’s biggest inflection point. Two Tigers reached with singles. With the left-handed Kerry Carpenter due up against left-handed pitcher Sam Long, Hinch played the best card remaining on his bench. Switch hitter Wenceel Pérez presented a dilemma for Kansas City manager Matt Quatraro. Kansas City had a right-hander warming, but Pérez boasts more power from the left side. Long handles right-handed batters well, and Pérez’s .663 OPS as a right-handed hitter did not exactly instill fear.

Still, Hinch felt he held the power here, forcing Quatraro to choose between two matchups. Pérez had pinch hit as a righty only three times all season, going 0-for-2 with a walk. He had also just missed a month with an oblique injury and was only 1-for-9 in four games since his return. Pérez strode to the plate not knowing which side he would hit from. Seconds later he was racing around first base after punching a double down the left-field line. Both runners scored. The score was tied.

“Just one of the maybe 20 huge at-bats we had this game,” Keith said.

Then it was Vierling with more quiet execution, singling Pérez home to take the lead.

	Wenceel Pérez did not know which side he would hit from when he approached the plate. (Denny Medley / Imagn Images)

If any player embodies the spirit of this out-of-nowhere Tigers playoff chase, you could argue it is Pérez. The 24-year-old from the Dominican Republic spent six-plus seasons in the minor leagues. Entering spring training, he was not projected to be on the roster. He developed what you could call a case of the yips making throws from second base and converted to the outfield. By midsummer, he was hitting in the middle of Detroit’s order. After the biggest hit of his young career, he spent the postgame moments munching on his food and scrolling on his phone like it was any other evening.

“When he comes back (from the IL), everything on our team has changed,” Hinch said. “He didn’t change. He hasn’t missed a beat. … He’s gonna be the same tomorrow. He’ll probably be coming off the bench, and he’ll be prepared for anything, and I know he’ll be calm in the moment.”

Just as the Tigers mounted their comeback, the division rival Minnesota Twins blew a game against the Cleveland Guardians. Tigers players could not help but glance at the out-of-town scoreboard as the Guardians stranded the bases loaded late in the game, then came back to win anyway.

“I’m guilty of (looking) at least, like, 50 times,” Keith said.

The news meant the Tigers would go to a mere 1 1/2 games behind Minnesota — 2 1/2 if you count the Twins’ tiebreaker advantage — in the playoff hunt.

But before the Tigers could celebrate, there was more work to be done, more unknown and unsung bullpen heroes who had to deliver. Sean Guenther, Brenan Hanifee and Will Vest got the Tigers through the seventh. In the eighth, right-hander Beau Brieske, who only two days earlier became the first Tiger since 1929 to start consecutive games on two consecutive days as part of Detroit’s oddball pitching construction, entered but immediately surrendered a single and a walk. Pitching coach Chris Fetter visited the mound. Then Brieske got MJ Melendez into a two-strike count. Brieske’s 1-2 pitch was a 99.5 mph fastball — nearly a full mile per hour faster than his previous career high — that zoomed past Melendez’s bat.

“Nut up or shut up,” Brieske said later, adrenaline still flowing. “I tried to throw it as hard as I could, that’s for sure.”

Brieske got ensuing batter Maikel García to ground into a 4-6-3 double play, one Spencer Torkelson saved by corralling a bounced throw to first. The Tigers retreated off the field but momentarily feared the play could be reviewed. The verdict turned out to be final, and the dugout exploded with raucous cheers.

With two outs in the ninth inning of a one-run game — after the Tigers blew a chance to add an insurance run when Torkelson fell rounding third, the consequence of a late stop-and-point rather than a timely stop sign from third-base coach Joey Cora — Jason Foley struck out Tommy Pham on a devilish full-count sinker. That left the powerful Witt on deck, and it marked the Tigers’ latest victory in a run that increasingly feels littered with hints of destiny.

“That was one of the best games we’ve played all year as a team,” Keith said. “Coming back like that as a team, that was awesome. It took pitching, it took hitting. That was really fun.”

For a moment, let’s be rational. There are 11 games to play. Much more required. A litany of crunching decisions and crucial moments still to come.

But the Tigers just tied last season’s team for the franchise’s most wins (78) since 2016.

Forgive anyone who has forgotten. Detroit, this is what meaningful baseball looks like.

(Top photo: Ed Zurga / Getty Images)

Cody Stavenhagen is a staff writer covering the Detroit Tigers and Major League Baseball for The Athletic. Previously, he covered Michigan football at The Athletic and Oklahoma football and basketball for the Tulsa World, where he was named APSE Beat Writer of the Year for his circulation group in 2016. He is a native of Amarillo, Texas. Follow Cody on Twitter @CodyStavenhagen

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5772927/2024/09/17/tigers-win-royals-rookies/ 
 ----- 
