HOME THE RIVERFRONT PODCAST REDS MINOR LEAGUES SCHEDULE STATS
 SITE INFO
Home2024 Reds
Reds manager David Bell is on the hot seat
 Doug Gray  09/16/2024 191

The Cincinnati Reds hired David Bell prior to the 2019 season. In the six years since then he’s compiled a managerial record of 406 wins and 453 losses. Cincinnati has made the playoffs just once in those six years and it came in 2020 when the team finished 31-29 in the shortened season that saw eight teams reach the playoffs in each league. That season is one of three winning seasons that Bell has had with the Reds. There’s still a chance that this season could be a winning one, but the team will need to go 9-2 or better the rest of the way.

In speaking with Reds.com’s Mark Sheldon, President of Baseball Operations Nick Krall said this of David Bell when asked about the club’s manager and coaches for 2025:

“He’s got a contract for next year,” Krall said when asked about Bell before Friday’s game. “As of right now, we’re going to evaluate everything at the end of the year and see what we have to do to move forward.”

That’s not exactly a great response to hear if you are David Bell or someone on his coaching staff.

The team has not lived up to expectations this season. Some of that is probably due to injuries. But some of it could very well also be attributed to the coaching staff. And while I also believe that it’s entirely fair to say that the front office/ownership is at plenty of fault, too – we’re talking about expectations of the team for 2024 rather than what should be an attempt to put together a team capable of contending for the division, league, etc.

On paper, most of the projection systems had the team around the .500 mark entering the year. It doesn’t seem like they will be getting there unless they go on a big run starting tomorrow night and take it through the next two weeks.

There’s an old saying (particularly in baseball) that a manager is only as good as his players. This writer believes that to mostly be true. You can’t win with a team that simply isn’t good enough. This isn’t football where you can scheme your way around a lack of talent (or at least attempt to). Cincinnati’s front office hasn’t exactly put a good team on the field during the tenure of Bell’s time as manager outside of possibly 2020, and we didn’t exactly get to see how they would play over a full season.

Still, at some point someone is going to be “responsible” for all of the not winning the team has done. Even when the team has had winning seasons, it’s been barely above .500 types of winning. That certainly beats going 62-100 like the club did in 2022, but the goal shouldn’t be to finished 83-79. It should be to make the playoffs and have a team capable of winning a World Series.

The Reds have fallen woefully shy of that over the last decade. How much of that is David Bell and his coaching staff’s fault is a reasonable question. How much of it can be laid at the feet of the front office and ownership is another. But one of those two groups gets to decide who to blame if they choose that someone should be “responsible” and it’s not going to be Bell and the coaches that get to decide that.

Share this:
Bluesky
Reddit
Reds outfielder Nick Martini homers twice on rehab assignment
Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds – September 17, 2024
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Doug Gray

Doug Gray is the owner of RedsMinorLeagues.com and Redleg Nation. He's been writing about baseball since 2006.

RELATED POSTS
THE CINCINNATI REDS 2025 PAYROLL IS ALMOST SET
 Doug Gray  01/09/2025 65
IS THE CINCINNATI REDS OFFENSE GOOD ENOUGH?
 Jason Linden  01/08/2025 112
191 RESPONSES
CFD3000 09/16/2024

Good. It’s time.

Steve 09/16/2024

There have been injuries but let’s face it, every team has injuries and don’t finish poorly every season. And all real fans understand the injury factor. We’re baseball fans and we have seen enough of the game to know that it happens. However, we hear that after every season! It’s time for those who have caused a lot of losses for reasons other than injuries to face the music. How many games have the Reds lost because Bell and/or the pitching coaches are making one ridiculous move after another? I don’t know that figure off hand but it is way more than it should be! Watching the way the Reds use the pitching staff is painful! If a major league pitcher comes into a game and gets the opponent out on ten or fifteen pitches, what exactly is it that keeps him from being able to pitch another inning? Bell seems to believe that the more pitchers he uses, the better chance he has to win. I know it’s about analytics most of the time, but how is that working out? I’ll tell you how it is working out… It’s not working out much at all!! Anyone can manage with what the computer tells him to do but, at some point a man has to make a decision! Bell doesn’t really understand that. Sparky Anderson or Earl Weaver, or even Tommy Lasorda would throw the computer out and manage like Baseball Men! David Bell cannot do that because he is not a baseball man. He simply comes from a family of great baseball players and great guys. If David Bell wants to be a great guy he needs to admit that he is in over his head and let someone else take the job. If he would all of Cincinnati would have a much higher opinion of him than they do now!

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Bell was a major league player for 12 years.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Teams have, for a very long time, charted various aspects of their players’ performance as well as the performance of opponents. They used pencil and paper because they didn’t have computers, but the goal was the same: to try to determine where an edge might be found that would help win a game. The managers you cite, canny managers all, certainly cared about that edge. Do you really believe that they wouldn’t have taken advantage of a tool that could compile the stuff quickly and make it available quickly? Reading between the lines, I wonder if your complaint is actually with the non-traditional stats that analytics have introduced? We’ll never know whether Sparky would have embraced them but, again, he was a smart manager and the stats are information. I should also point out that Bell is frequently criticized for decisions that seemingly defy what the information available to him would suggest.

BK 09/16/2024

Your last paragraph summed up Bell’s (or some of his coaches’) position pretty well.

David 09/16/2024

When you point your finger at someone who you think is at fault, there are three fingers pointing back at you.

The Castelllini’s and the rest of the Ownership Group, for what I know (not much), don’t seem like highly introspective type of people.
And frankly, that’s where the fault really lies.
They hired David Bell. They have under-spent on the team….and not saying I know how much they should have spent. They have also mis-spent money on people that they should not have “hired” or signed. Wil Meiers, Jeimer Candalario are two who come to mind. It happens in baseball, it happens to every team.

i wouldn’t know quite where to begin to make this a better team, but judging by past performance, the people that are paid a lot for this don’t seem to know either.
Unless something significant changes, next year will look a lot like this year, unless players already on the roster take a big step up in performance. And that actually could happen.

Mark 09/17/2024

Ownership said the team was ahead of schedule and wasn’t supposed to be in contention last year and decided to sit on their wallets at the deadline banking on this year. Talk about a mistake. When the music is playing you get up and dance…

Brian 09/16/2024

I looked at Krall’s comments differently.
“He’s got a contract for next season”. I think he is saying that Bell will be back next year.
He then followed up with evaluating everything as a way to cover that and to look diligent. Bell will more than likely be back with a new hitting coach coming in. That’s the wrong move but that’s the Reds.

Dan 09/16/2024

I’m not sure… remember what he said about Moustakas shortly before he got cut? “He is on the roster” or something like that…

This sounds similar to me…

Melvin 09/16/2024

Good point. That’s positive. 

jmb 09/18/2024

Baker had 3 winning seasons out of 6 at the helm. And he had a better Reds team–better ALL AROUND, yet they looked like boys playing men in the 2010 playoffs. Next season will be Bell’s 6th. Let him manage that one, then all can compare.

Mauired 09/16/2024

Well normally if a GM was happy he would indicate not only is the manager under contract but also coming back. Those comments were a lot more similar to managers that are typically let go. And paying a few million to get Bell out is not a big deal. Reds paid Moose 16 million to go somewhere else and others as well.

IndyDoug 09/16/2024

Kick him upstairs in a non-plyer personnel position and at least obtain something for his salary

Shel Keitel 09/16/2024

David Bell is the least animated manager in major league baseball. His infrequent staged arguments with umpires intending to get tossed to demonstrate support for his team leave even his players looking askance and unexcited. Injuries aside, the 2024 Reds have shown intermittent spurts of tsunami-like brilliance followed by long periods of drought from the dugout. It’s the job of the manager to reconcile both ends of that spectrum into a constant and consistent middle ground of winning play. Bell’s not getting it done.

VaRedsFan 09/16/2024

While I agree with your 1st sentence, the rest of it is not really true. He’s as fed up with a poor umpire strike zone as everyone here is. And will voice his opinion on how horrible it is. Even if it might not do any good, he does stick up for his players, who are constantly getting hosed at the plate.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

And the least animated NFL coach? Bill Bellichick. Visible animation isn’t always the best predictor of success, evidently.

Kevin 09/16/2024

I’m completely indifferent on Bell being fired. He certainly hasn’t distinguished himself, but given the lackluster commitment to winning by ownership, I am very doubtful that next manager can fare much better. Maybe prospects and young talent will all blossom at the same time and that will overcome the mediocre (at best) free agency signings/mistakes, and perhaps a different manager can push the borderline MLB players on the roster closer to success… but I’ve watched enough managers come and go in Cincinnati under the last few owners to believe that the next one will bring materially different results than the previous ones. Short of a complete overhaul of ownership and leadership and investment throughout the organization, I don’t see much changing, as the team is where it is due to systemic issues that are far bigger than the manager.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

I’m largely indifferent, too. I tend to view the injuries–all of the starting pitchers, last season’s best hitter, and CES, as likely being enough to keep the team from the .500 season that would have matched expectations. When a team is disappointing, somebody will eventually take the fall: Krall won’t fire himself, he can’t fire the owners, and he can’t fire all of the players. That leaves the manager and coaches, and is the traditional “solution” in baseball as in other businesses. If the new guy has better luck with injuries and gets a good additional player or two, and the young players improve with experience, they’ll do better. He’ll still get roasted by us because he won’t always do what we think should be done, but no matter. Life goes on.

DaveCT 09/16/2024

Reply below.

Darrel buchanan 09/16/2024

you have to develop hitters at all levels no 300 hitters and 40 home run guy would be nice

IndyDoug 09/16/2024

*player

A.B. 09/17/2024

As of now, there are eight players in all of MLB with a .300 or better average. Times have most definitely changed…I don’t think using that as a barometer is valid any more.

Oh and FYI, as of now there are exactly 3 players with 40+ HR’s.

LDS 09/16/2024

We can only hope that Krall’s comments about a comprehensive evaluation are true. It does contrast with the endorsement that the Pirates manager received recently. And while the roster does need a lot of work, it’s hard to deny the continuing misadventures of the team, regardless of roster, like poor fundamentals, base running screwups, over aggressiveness, apparent lack of accountability. etc. Bell may be a great guy personally, but his management approach has been criticized both here and elsewhere, and rightfully so. He doesn’t demonstrate anything that suggests that he’s the guy to move the Reds forward. And with a young team, that’s what they need. That and several real bats, not more Myers, Moose, and Candelarios.

VegasRed 09/16/2024

This is reasonable assessment. Maybe the Reds hire another below average manager but they could always also hire a proven winner whose record includes teams that are fundamentally sound in all phases.

If a manager layer then can master fundamentals, trade him for one who can.

Same rationale for front office executive. Get a proven winner. They are out there and this regime should be able to spot them. Let the exec hire the manager and staff and hold them all accountable, together with players!

What a concept!

MBS 09/16/2024

I don’t care how much blame Bell deserves or doesn’t deserve. It is time for a proven winner to be brought in to manage this young team. Hopefully if Krall is thinking that, he’ll also give the new Manager a few more players to help the organization take the next step.

Hanginwithem 09/16/2024

Managers can stress fundamentals. Managers can teach players to demand the best from themselves. Managers must be respected by their players. Regardless of skill level, managers absolutely make a difference in their players’ performance individually and in their team’s performance as a whole. It can be effectively argued that the Reds’ current manager falls short in each of these areas and that it is time for a change. I’ll believe it when I see it.

Melvin 09/16/2024

” I’ll believe it when I see it.”

One thing is for sure. If it ever DOES happen there will be a WHOLE LOT of traffic on here. it will be like BONUS for Doug. lol 

Melvin 09/16/2024

a BONUS *

wkuchad 09/16/2024

I think writing this article was pretty strategic BONUS for Doug. 

And if so, a very well-deserved bonus.

SR 09/16/2024

There are many things that are beyond a managers control like injuries. I don’t think any of us know how much control or influence Bell has on roster decisions either.
My Beef with Bell is with things he does control. Starting Benson game after game was his call. He should have gone down to triple AAA at the all star break to find his stroke and self confidence again, or failing in that, make it easier to assess if he truly was a keeper for next year. Marte is the same story in terms of starting him every game. Again, ultimately Bells call. Sitting Espinal,who is the best infielder they have and the highest average in the MLB since July is nobody’s fault but Bell. He should have been playing everyday until he flamed out. Sitting out guys because it was their day on the calendar with no regard to their 3 hit game the prior day is just not good baseball. And that’s on Bell When Bell finally started a lineup with no guys hitting under .200, they started to win more, his call. I saw or read a stat that the Reds are among the worst if not the worst team in baseball on the bases. It was either the most runs lost, or most outs on the bases but the conclusion is they make a lot of bad decisions when running the base paths. That is something that Bell and his staff have to at the very least share ownership. Spencer Steer has 25 stolen bases and 3 caught stealings. Why can he put up those numbers at a slower foot speed while Cruz is 64 out of 80. Coaching, or lack there of, is a contributor. If we can bring in Brett Butler to help with bunts then we need to find a cerebral old base stealer to help improve our ability to maximize our speed advantage by studying pitchers and pick off moves.With our team speed, we shouldn’t need an extra half step on the lead to steal bases anyway. It would be interesting to know who has free rein to steal.
Teams also have a personality at the plate. Some teams just seem to have players who go deep in the count, foul off good pitches, go the other way on tough breaking balls lay off pitches that start off as balls and break further out of the strike zone. I don’t know if it’s taught or instilled but home grown Reds often don’t have that patience or discipline. Espinal, France, candelario and Steer are better at this. All from outside the organization. So was a younger Votto. I don’t know if it’s learned behavior but a hitting coach should be preaching it.
These are mostly controllable pieces that any manager has to take ownership of, and be responsible for outcomes.
I will say that Bell and staff’s ability to cobble together a pitching staff the last 3 weeks has been pretty amazing missing all 5 starters from last year.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

We don’t know if starting Benson and Marte so much was Bell’s call. It may well have been, but–particularly in Marte’s case–it may have been a player development decision made because, in a season that wasn’t going to end in the playoffs, getting two potentially valuable players on track (back on track in Benson’s case) could have been seen as a greater value than winning a few extra almost meaningless games.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

The Reds, as of the other day, had been successful in 82% of their steal attempts. I doubt that number is the worst in baseball but, even if it is, it’s well above the 75% threshold at which stealing is viable. The problem, by the eye test, resides more in pickoffs, contact plays and taking an extra base when the chances are slim. The prevalence of wild in the streets baserunning feels more like a dubious strategy than a laissez-faire attitude on the part of Bell. But there are a lot of really good thoughts to consider in your comment, SR.

BK 09/16/2024

For those looking for base-running data by team … key negative stats are pickoffs (PO) and outs on base (OOB). This is where the Reds have fallen short IMO.

https://www.baseball-reference.com/leagues/majors/2024-baserunning-batting.shtml

BK 09/16/2024

It would take a deep dive, but I could see these two areas explaining the Red’s inverted run differential and record in one-run games.

Melvin 09/16/2024

“This is where the Reds have fallen short IMO.”

Can’t argue with that.

wkuchad 09/16/2024

Benson was one of our best hitters last year, and still young and under team control for several more years. Marte was our number 1 prospect (that’s a big deal), very solid last year, and again under team control for several more years.

Both of these players should either:

1) Be played regularly if on the major league team
2) Sent down to the minors to play regularly

Bell only has control of #1 and IMO opinion did his job. Krall is the one deserving criticism for Marte and Benson if you didn’t want them playing regularly for the Reds.

VaRedsFan 09/16/2024

@SR – If there was a “like’ button, I would press it for your post.

JC 09/16/2024

Well stated SR. I agree with your comments. Some very poor decisions from someone who we all assume is Bell. We need players that will make more contact and bring in runners from 3rd with less than 2outs.

SultanofSwaff 09/16/2024

This could be an entirely different conversation if ownership ponied up another
$60million to bring the payroll in the >55% of revenue sweet spot most perennial playoff teams operate. Think of the quality of players and the depth. That said, you have to find competitive advantages anywhere you can get them…win at the margins like the Brewers and Twins. I believe a good manager is worth 3-5 wins a year. David Bell is not a good manager by any metric, merely a caretaker. His utter lack of charisma aside, the in-game failures with mindless baserunning and poor situational hitting fall squarely in his lap. His records in April and September speak to a failure to prepare the team to play from the starting gun thru the finish line……I can’t ever think of a time where he spoke with a sense of urgency. To me, the best managers (Leyland, Cox, LaRussa, Francona) have a simmering intensity that speaks for them, a way they carry themselves that lays out expectations, and the clubhouse culture extends from that. For decades all I’ve ever heard from the media at the end of each losing season is what a great clubhouse the Reds have…..well, how’s that working out? The rub is that managers like I described don’t fit the sock puppet archetype ownership prefers. When the national media accurately concluding there’s real talent on the field that isn’t being maximized, you’d think something has to give if just to save face. We’ll see in a few weeks if ownership cares or not.

Jim Walker 09/16/2024

I liked your take Sultan. I’ve said time and again here and elsewhere, Bell may be a decent “manager” (i.e. caretaker) but lacks group leadership qualities.

The penultimate straw for me was the final dozen games or so of 2023 when a wildcard spot was the Reds to lose; and, Bell managed to lose it with 4-8 record in the final 12 games highlighted by losing 2 games to both the Pirates and Cardinals in that span.

And as things turned out, 6-6 in that stretch would have gotten the Reds into the postseason because they held the tie breaker on the DBacks who were last in at +2 games to the Reds, and Cubs who were first out at 1 game better than the Reds.

Recall especially the 9 run lead lost to the Pirates in one of those defeats and the failure to hold a late lead in the other loss to the Pirates. That’s not to mention late leads frittered away versus the Marlins in the Reds 10-17 August.

Thus Bell started 2024 on a short leash from me and as you detailed Sutan, he did nothing to change my mind.

SultanofSwaff 09/16/2024

Yep, I vividly remember Bell’s nonchalant attitude down the stretch, with the implication being that the guys already felt the pressure, so in his mind a business as usual approach would be the best practice. I took that to mean he is saying one’s intensity level shouldn’t deviate when the competition escalates. Anyone who’s ever played a sport knows this to be categorically false.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

We may never agree on this, Jim: a manager can, on occasion, make a decision that causes a game to be lost (though it will still be due in part to a player who doesn’t perform), but the players play the games. Yes, putting the players in the best position to succeed helps, but if they don’t hit, there isn’t any position that will work well. Last year’s team finished the season running on fumes-young guys who hadn’t seen that situation before, and an utterly ragtag pitching staff consisting of some guys who should not have been in the majors and others who were running on the same sparse fumes as the position players.. We don’t know how Bell motivates players, so how do we factor that in? Did Bell make decisions that didn’t work? Undoubtedly. But there were plenty of games in the latter part of that season when it’s questionable that any decision available to him would have worked.

Cincy6464 09/17/2024

Nice post SofS. Is there any doubt that if Bruce Bochy was coaching the Reds in 2024, we’d be in the playoffs? Of course the manager matters! Otherwise they wouldn’t get paid what they do. In baseball, over the 162 game marathon, providing leadership & focus are the duty of the manager.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Of course there’s doubt about that. If Bochy had the entire projected starting rotation uninjured, maybe he would have come close. There’s so much evidence, so many examples of managers who have had great success and still suffered bad losing seasons when saddled with a weak roster. There may not be a single example of the reverse.

Votto4life 09/16/2024

The bigger question is why did the Reds give David Bell a three year extension coming off a 100 loss season?

David 09/16/2024

Well, they realized that they had a truly great manager on their hands, and didn’t want to risk losing him to another team? Does that sound believable?

There are a lot of questions, and I think most of us are just whistling in the dark about the answers. But that, too, is a very apt question for the present situation. What has David Bell really done to distinguish himself as manager of the Reds??

Old Big Ed 09/16/2024

They didn’t. They renewed him on July 28, 2023, in the midst of a decent year. The 100-loss season was 2022.

He has 2 full seasons left in his contract. I am not saying that is a good thing.

Votto4life 09/17/2024

OBE the fact remains the season before the extension he lost 100 games. The signing was irresponsible.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

He did lose 100 games. As did Sparky one year. 103, in fact.

Ksdavis 09/16/2024

Doug, I don’t think that this can all be blamed on Bell. The lack of championships in the minors over the last 20 years is telling. Realize that winning isn’t the only goal in minor league development, but at some point in time you have to say lack of success points to poor drafting and development in the minors. However, the things Bell can control are entirely on him and his staff. The base running gaffs are beyond ridiculous. And Bell was called out for it on Sunday by the Cowboy on the Roku broadcast. Also the use of the bullpen. Warming up a pitcher, even if you don’t put him in the game still involves wear and tear on the arm. Many instances where Bell has a pre determined pitch count no matter how well the pitcher is doing.

RedsGettingBetter 09/16/2024

I think David Bell will be back with the Reds for 2025 at least. But it’s possible it will be the last chance to have some success. Ownership/Krall saying they will evaluate everything is pointing to how the team played thru this season regard to poor hitting, poor running on bases, poor hitting approach, poor baseball fundamentals, poor discipline, bad defense and so on… The Ownership/Krall could give the players needed to conform a winner team to contend for the 2025 Championship giving the last chance to Bell to be in a Reds uniform although the coaching staff will suffer changes except pitching staff…
Now, If someone ask me if I would like Bell for 2025 I’ll answer NO…

SultanofSwaff 09/16/2024

Yeah, but if a change in culture is the goal, why would you even consider Bell? It’s like trusting the same doctor who botched your surgery to fix his mistake.

Jim Walker 09/16/2024

+++++

This was one of the unrealized problems with Bryan Price. He was one of the right hand men; and, it turned out the pitchers had been a zoo behind the curtain in 2013 under his direct charge.

Daytonnati 09/16/2024

It was interesting to see Zac Taylor chew out Ja’Marr Chase on the sidelines yesterday after his bone-headed unsportsmanlike conduct penalty that contributed to the loss of the game. Just once, I would like to see Bell blister someone on a base-running blunder or defensive lapse, unless, of course, that is what they are being coached?

greenmtred 09/16/2024

Blistering a player in front of players, stands full of fans and a large tv audience may be good showmanship, or it may indicate a loss of self-control, but it is a very questionable disciplinary technique. There’s plenty to criticize about Bell’s managing, but none of us know how he handles discipline or the clubhouse.

Erik the Red 09/16/2024

Trust me blowing a gasket on every mistake is not good, however some of these young athletes need a not so friendly reminder that making the same mistake over and over will have them on the bench or AAA.

Jim Walker 09/16/2024

I thought he called out Marte during a pitching change in the 7th inning on Friday when the Twins threatened to get back into the game after the Reds had scored 6 to take a 5 run lead and Marte made a poor throw to blow a possible GIDP which would have left a man on 3B with 2 outs and no runs yet in.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

I think you’re right, Jim.

Stan 09/16/2024

If this was a serious baseball organization both Bell and Krall would be feeling some heat.Appointing Phil CEO tells me to get used to having a mediocre product on the field every year.

Doc 09/16/2024

How, with a straight face, can you say, “some of that is probably due to injuries”? SOME? This was a AAAA level team, especially once the pitchers resumed their annual approach of falling like dead trees, and considering that three to four of the anticipated nine position players, counting DH as a position, were not available to start the year. The fact that they are not eliminated already from not achieving a winning record is a major accomplishment.

Mauired 09/16/2024

Every team in baseball has injuries every single year. That’s a tired excuse. This roster has enough talent maybe not to make the playoffs but to at least have a winning record. The Reds are one of 18 teams with a losing record and a positive run differential. The roster is doing its job but in close one run games the team is out managed.

Mauired 09/16/2024

*only team out of 18.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

It’s not a tired excuse: it’s a tiring situation. There are injuries and there are injuries: losing all or most of the starting rotation two years in a row is a huge hurdle, particularly for a team that won’t allocate the resources to acquire serious help mid-season and does not have an offense that can consistently score a lot of runs. Recognizing that is not the same as endorsing David Bell.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

The Reds had the same manager last year and won more one run games than any team in the NL. It may be that Bell is being outmanaged at times, but when nobody on your team is hitting, it really limits how meaningful your decisions are.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

I’m going to correct myself: the Reds last year led the league in come from behind winds, not one run wins, though they did win more one run games than they lost.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

And I’m curious as to what the run differential actually indicates. Looking at the Reds, I see a team with relatively–often surprisingly–effective pitching, and an offense that defines streaky. They’ll score 1 or 2 or 0 runs for a while and then score 8 and then 11 in consecutive games. And then 2. That pattern could certainly help account for it, particularly because–aging memory alert–it does seem that many of their low scoring games correspond with well-pitched games, so they lose 2 to 1.

David 09/16/2024

Being the ONLY team out of 18 teams with losing records to have a positive run differential is, indeed, a curious and interesting statistic.

They have lost a lot more one-run games than they have won. If they were even in one-run games, they would be above .500 winning percentage.
1) their inability to scratch out a run in a close game to tie it up. Let’s hit that big fly ball and tie the score!! That does, indeed, reflect on
2) the bullpen has largely pitched well this year, but they have coughed up a lead on more than one occassion. And their less than stellar defensive play on the field.
3) and there have been games when they have run up a good score, but a lot of teams do that, from time to time. That too contributes to the positive run differential.

BK 09/16/2024

Injuries do not affect each team equally. That’s a demonstrably false implication. However, I agree that the Red’s run differential strongly indicates that the team has underperformed. That said, Bell led the team to a winning record last season with a -38 run differential. So, don’t we have to say that last year’s team significantly overachieved using the same logic? Instead, there appears to be some margin of error when using run differential as a record predictor.

SultanofSwaff 09/16/2024

The Reds are middle of the pack in games missed due to injuries. We should also look no further than the top of the division—the Brewers lost most of their starting rotation in the offseason and early season, and yet…. Good teams figure it out, much like the Reds have figured it out the last month.

BK 09/16/2024

@Sultan, three of the Red’s top 5 producers using bWAR from 2013 have missed significant time this year. The Brewer’s top three starting pitchers have more starts than the Red’s top 3. The quantity and quality of missing players matter.

BK 09/16/2024

*2023

wkuchad 09/16/2024

Thank you GMR and BK for the well thought out and sensible posts!

greenmtred 09/17/2024

“come from behind winds”–possibly useful to a sailor. Come from behind wins.

Melvin 09/16/2024

“This was a AAAA level team,”

Whether it’s Major Leagues, AAAA, AAA, AA, Little League or whatever, they all have one thing in common. They can/should be played with good fundamentals. Bells’ teams certainly have not done that.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

I agree, Melvin. The question, however, is why aren’t they taught proper fundamentals in the minor leagues, as they should be?

Melvin 09/17/2024

If these players have made it this far they have already been taught fundamentals. What they haven’t been taught at this level is the discipline to use them. They are not held accountable for not using them. I will go back to the Jonathan India quote that we’ve already heard many times before they finally quit broadcasting it on Bally.

“David Bell really doesn’t give us things to do. He just wants us to go out and enjoy ourselves.” That only works in the lowest stages of Little League. Young kids who are good enough to be on travel ball teams are expected to be better than how the Reds often play.

Tyler 09/16/2024

I would be genuinely shocked if Bell got fired. It’s hard for me to believe the Reds will pay him for 2 years to go away. My guess would be that anyone not named Bell or Johnson on the coaching staff would be much more likely to go. With all of that said, he deserves to lose his job because of the repeated stupid mistakes that have been made over the course of the entire season.

Oldtimer 09/16/2024

Sparky was fired in 1978 not because he averaged 96 W per season but finished second in 1977 and 1978. He was fired because he declined to change three of his coaches.

There were similar Non Sequiturs from Lou Piniella, Davey Johnson, and Jack McKeon leaving.

Dusty Baker was fired because the Reds perceived that his 2010-11-12-13 results were not good enough.

I still think Bell gets a shot in 2025 but could be fired in mid season if things go awry,

Jim Walker 09/16/2024

OT>>> I recollect in the process that they also leveraged coaches to get Dusty out the door. I believe he was told the hitting coach had to go for him to stay. Not unlike the Sparky situation.

Oldtimer 09/16/2024

That could well be. One of the managers (I think it was Davey Johnson) was let go reportedly because he was living with his unmarried girlfriend and Marge Schott didn’t like that.

Sparky managed the 1978 team to 92 W somehow. I still don’t know how. Maybe his best managing job as a Red.

jmb 09/18/2024

Baker also had a heart attack and didn’t seem to be doing so well there for a while.

Mark Moore 09/16/2024

As at least one other commenter said, your last paragraph speaks a ton (at least to me).

I can easily see a situation where he’s “promoted” to the FO and we get somebody else. That’s a challenge in and of itself as you likely restructure every coaching position (maybe Cowgill stays). Going to make for some interesting chatter offseason and potentially a very interesting 2025 Spring Training.

greenmtred 09/16/2024

Interesting the way soap operas are said to be interesting. Or, in line with the famous curse: may you live in interesting times.

Mark Moore 09/16/2024

+25,000 

Perhaps “morbidly interesting”

still a red 09/17/2024

It was Cowgill who last year got credit for ‘letting ’em run.’ It became the teams identity. Not so much this year. Maybe he should go.

Laredo Slider 09/16/2024

David Bell is Reds Royalty thanks to being a member of the Bell family. Appoint him Vice President of Jocks and Socks, kick him upstairs and find another manager.

SultanofSwaff 09/16/2024

It’s when you start considering alternatives that you realize somebody, anybody would be an upgrade to Bell on paper. Wondering if Jocketty’s guy Skip Schumaker might be headed to Cincy. To him (or most anyone else) I’d say sure why not at this point.

DaveCT 09/16/2024

Greenfield, we align frequently and do so again.

Injuries certainly gutted the team. It was and remains brutal. For whatever reason, it took until after the trade deadline to stabilize the positional lineup, with Espinal, France, Rosario to some degree, the return of Friedl, etc. That’s a separate discussion.

However, there is a pattern of indifference to the fans, mediocrity on the field, and lethargy within and without of the organization. In a word culture. More below.

As for David Bell, i have said before and will do so again. The Reds hired exactly who they wanted. A ‘Cardinals Way,’ guy. Mike Matheny Mild. His ‘sum of all parts’ managing platoon fest. Etc.

Here’s the thing. Hiring a manager such as Bell is, first and foremost, an *economic* strategy and practice. Platoon players are far more economical than providing monies to, for instance, keep a very happy and productive Nick Castellanos (not a great example but go with me).

I realize there are analytics arguments in favor of platoons. I also see the organizational behavior of the Reds. That platoons have a certain value among small market teams AND are more economical is music to Castellani ears.

I just don’t see the core problem as a Bell issue so much as i see it as an ownership issue. One (Bell) is the symptom of the other (ownership).

Lastly, fire Bell, don’t fire Bell. Fire Krall, don’t fire Krall. But DO hire replacements for one or both that are significantly better communicating to the fan base. Both are poor public speakers. Being 2024, the fans expect far more than feeling kept in the dark as to strategy, goals, objectives, practices, and evaluations . Sometimes i feel like the drip, drip, drip of info from management is worse than getting reports from the Dominican Summer League.

BK 09/16/2024

Lots of great points — well said.

DaveCT 09/16/2024

Thank you. Back at you.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Yes. Well said. I do wonder how much of the information you describe other teams impart to the fans? I only watch the Reds, so this is a question, not a quibble.

Eddiek957 09/16/2024

This team has been bad at winning close games. I’m pretty neutral on Bell. I understand the manager is a focal point of fan frustration. I have many friends in Minnesota they hate Rocco. The reason I want to see a change is the team is happy not making the playoffs. When an organization fails there’s plenty of blame to go around. Who do you want to see managing in 2025? I like Schumacher (I hope the spelling is correct)

Wayne Nabors 09/16/2024

To say a manager doesn’t make much difference is burying your head in the sand,just look at his sunday lineups,the Tampa Bay series and him benching hot players because he says he makes his lineups 3 days in advance,he routinely snuffed out hot streaks when he should have put everything available to him to win every single game and in my opinion he did not

greenmtred 09/17/2024

The fabled hot streak makes another appearance? Are there corresponding cold streaks? When Elly has two or three hitless games in a row, should he be benched? Any data showing that a guy who has had a couple of good games in row is more likely to hit in the next game? Regardless of the pitcher?

Mike W 09/16/2024

Ive seen practically e very single game where he could have and should have managed the hand he was dealt MUCH better. Come on Krall, you know what you have to do. This IS a business.
Say “Thanks for the last 6 years. We feel it’s time we moved in another direction.” Hopefully Bell says “Thanks for the opportunity, the many millions of dollars and having trusted me to lead this franchise for more than half a decade. I’m sorry we couldn’t have done better for the fans and city of Cincinnati.”

wkuchad 09/16/2024

I’ll tell you what Mike, whether agree with you or disagree with you, you and LDS are probably the most consistent posters on this site.

Greenfield Red 09/16/2024

I think the Reds are not to far re.oved from being a really good team. I think they need the following:

Better luck from a health standpoint. You would think a younger team would on average be healthier than and older team, but there are young guys who can’t get on the field let alone stay there.

2, they need a every day power hitting outfielder who can hit 35 or 40 HR and a strikeout rate of 25% or less. e good if he or she could play a descent RF.

3, Another year of maturity for the youngsters

4, a new voice in the club house.

Correct all that and win the Central in 25.

Jason Franklin 09/16/2024

On point #2, they won’t pony up for that sort of player. Unless you can get De La Cruz to play outfield and cutdown on strikeouts (I think he does have 30 homer potential), they will not be paying for the player the team needs in the outfield. They see the outfield as the platoon/sub zone. It saves them money to have guys that can play the outfield and some IF and not paying for superstars. Would they trade some pitchers for a power hitting outfielder? Who and what would it cost?

Old Big Ed 09/16/2024

On point #2, you are gonna need to identify who that 40-homer, low-K actually is, because I don’t think he’s out there. (Soto doesn’t count; he wouldn’t sign with Cincinnati even if Warren Buffett owned the Reds.)

BK 09/17/2024

How about Anthony Santander as an off season free agent priority? 41 HR, 19.7% K rate.

https://baseballsavant.mlb.com/savant-player/anthony-santander-623993

Melvin 09/17/2024

A switch hitter too BK. Definitely would be an upgrade.

Old Big Ed 09/17/2024

Yeah, Santander qualifies. This season (age 29) was his best season by far, having before slashed .248/.307/.459 through his age 28 season. He would certainly fit at GABP.

Santander is not without his warts. He was 32nd in outs above average for MLB RFs, at -2, with Fraley and Benson both being at 0. He calculates as the least effective baserunner on the Orioles, rarely taking an extra base (and I get that the Reds may try too many extra bases). And his arm is not strong, as he rates 110th of 130 outfielders on Baseball Savant for “Fielder Runs” (measuring ability to prevent extra bases). Nick Castellanos is dead last; Benintendi is 129th; and Will Benson is 116th. He’s pretty much stunk this year in 102 PAs as a DH, slashing .151/.284/.349.

Santander, then, is a big power bat with a decent SO% and low walks, who neither runs nor defends particularly well. He’s gonna cost at least 5/$110 million, I’d think, and probably more. We won’t know until November what other teams are in the market for him, but it several will make offers.

I don’t see Benson back next year; there are just too many holes in the swing. He needs to go to Japan or Korea for 2-3 years. I give Fraley a pass for this year, given his family situation. He also got hammered by whatever virus was going through the clubhouse in April, and he was not as strong as he normally would be.

jmb 09/18/2024

Santander would be a great signing! They estimate that $90 mil. gets you 4 years. Better to sign him for 6 at $120-135 mil.

Jim Delaney 09/16/2024

I believe Bell will be relieved of his
duties and believe he has been given more time than he likely deserved. Bell’s teams have shown numerous issues since he has been the manager many still a problem today.
A very poor fundamental baseball team. Poor defensively, base running mistakes constantly that little Leaguers don’t even make. Handling of a bullpen. When to pull starters and when to leave them in. He has for years given starters more time in a game when pitcher needed to be pulled. Especially when starter was pitching well and at a certain pitch count. Keeping pitchers in and not letting them leave with a positive outcome happened too much.
Crazy lineups in particular this season TJ Friedl hitting cleanup.
Not seeing young players especially young hitters developing on his watch.
You add all of that together and a really bad record and I don’t see how Ownership can sell him as manager and will fans running to buy tickets…easy decision to let him go. Bigger issue is finding the right manager that can make Reds a consistent contender…

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Who should have batted 4th? Traditionally, it’s the best power hitter. That’s Elly, this year. Trouble is, Elly’s probably the best all-round hitter: traditional 3rd batter. Unless it’s Stephenson. Candelario? Actually, I don’t think Friedl is so bad: preceding him in the BA are the guy (India) with the best OBP, the fastest guy, and Stephenson who makes contact –by Reds’ standards. Friedl has a little pop, but what he’s also good at is advancing runners because he’s the best bunter on the team. Unconventional? Sure. What would really help would be adding a very good hitter with power, fewer injuries generally, and whatever it would take to make India and Elly a bit less streaky.

Rob 09/16/2024

Well said Doug. Ever since May, I have felt this team was short on offensive talent. We knew Mac and Friedl were going to be out extended periods and we did not address the situation. After the Arroyo injury in March, we also knew that there was an empty shop at Louisville. Pile an additional injury or two on top of that (CES and Lodolo), and a stupid trade (Montas) for the stretch run, and you have a<500 team. No improvement in May and no improvement in July. Duh.

I don’t know what effect bell has on this team but I have seen the years of data especially in periods of strong talent and the data isn’t inspiring. He probably needs to go but does that get us to 90 wins? I don’t see it. Fundamentals might get better but are Friedl, Steer, Candy, and Marte going to all of a sudden hit a lot better than 230? I can’t get there. Get me 1-2 big bat OFs and I start coming around. And I am not talking platoons or 260 hitting 15 HR guys. We are 15 games worse than the Brew Crewwho have missed Yelich, Williams, and Woodard for big parts of the year. Simply put, ifyoudont trade a good number of top 15 prospects this winter, then it probably ain’t going to happen in 2025.

Larry Baker 09/16/2024

Where to you start. Sadly, you can’t fire the whole ownership, front office, coaches and players. This team has just been bad for too many years. They never even live up to what is written about them on paper. There are some young payers with talent. All teams have some talent. The key is knowing how to develop and manage young talent. The question, does the Reds have the people to run a winning team. I don’t know that answer.

Indy Red Man 09/16/2024

Bell is 100% responsible for Elly getting thrown out stealing 3rd down 6-0. Elly & India both got thrown out in the random game I went to. Happened all season?
Marte? Was Bell forced to play him? Or Benson? I’m all for letting guys play, but c’mon? And Cruz etc etc. Yeah Bell doesn’t hit or pitch, but he does factor in. And I’ve defended him for years

It’s just time. Divorce and begin again

Old Big Ed 09/16/2024

My main beef with the team this year is that they have not forced the opponent to play a good, sound game to beat the Reds.

They made too many outs on the base paths that were more than just youthful over-aggressiveness. They don’t have enough productive outs. The bullpen, though generally adequate, had a ton of dud games, including Sunday.

A big problem was generally bad defense. I’m fine with Elly’s D, because almost all young shortstops are inconsistent defensively. And Stephenson improved. But they were well below average defensively at almost every other position. Marte is a disaster; India is bad; nobody plays even LF very well; Friedl’s arm isn’t strong.

As a result, they played their way out of several wins, even when the opponent did not play particularly well. I don’t think that will change under Bell, so I am ready for a new face.

As for replacements, I am personally in favor of Buck Showalter, but there are many other guys who could do a good job.

Jim Walker 09/17/2024

OBE>> I agree with your assessment. I am, however, not a Showalter fan. I want someone young and hungry in spirit but with enough tempering experience to run a disciplined ship without being a tyrant who sees himself as the main attraction, a 2025 version of Sparky Anderson, Davey Johnson, or Dusty Baker would fit to a T for me.

Optimist 09/16/2024

A few points some of these comments considered.

1 – With nothing personal, or emotional, or even baseball related; from a purely organizational standpoint, 6 years is plenty of time for leadership without a change in any organization, not just sports. Barring exceptional circumstances, new leadership and succession planning should be timed accordingly.

2 – Again, with no personal interests or emotions, Bell is about #3 or 4 on the to-do list for the Reds organization.

3 – Ownership – cannot be fired, only changed (this is really item #1).

4 – I was very much in favor of DW’s organizational moves below the MLB level, but considering the system’s ongoing faltering (https://www.redsminorleagues.com/ has been covering the historic details), those moves remain incomplete. For the organization’s strength this is much more important than field management.

5 – Finally, everyone has plenty of comments and experience watching D Bell’s field management, most of which is understandable and correct, and while that may not affect games as much as we believe, it’s safe to say he’s not an in-game wizard on the bench. Alone, that can usually be worked thru, but all-of-the-above says it’s time for a change.

Jason Franklin 09/16/2024

If Bell’s third year of his contract is fully guaranteed, than there is no way that Kroger man fires him and pays him for doing nothing. That is not in his DNA as a business owner. He would rather pay a guy and make him finish a contract even if the team would be better off without him.

Also, there has been a lot of debate about how important a manager is or isn’t, but after so many years of losing (even if not Bell’s fault), most professional teams go the “we need a change” route and clean house. Problem still is Kroger man. Unless he sells the team to some other big money firm in Cincy (which Kroger is the biggest), than we have to just drift along with their choices.

Daytonnati 09/16/2024

Procter and Gamble?

Optimist 09/16/2024

Louis Nippert, P&G heir, was managing partner during the BRM era/1970.

Old Big Ed 09/17/2024

Nah. The contract won’t have anythint to do with it. They fired Baker and Price, and DFA’d Moustakas. Bell’s contract is peanuts in the big picture.

Jim Walker 09/17/2024

@OBE>
+10K (at least).

Maybe I am looking in all the wrong places; but, finding an actual $$ amount on Bell’s contract is eluding me. The best I could do was find a site that put him at around $1m this year, just below the median MLB manager’s salary. Unless his salary balloons exponentially, the last 2 years would not cost them much if any over $5m total.

https://frontofficesports.com/highest-paid-mlb-managers/

SR 09/17/2024

Agreed. His salary is pocket change, even for the Reds.

jmb 09/18/2024

Arte Moreno is a business owner, no? He allowed Ausmus to be fired in order to hire Maddon. Ausmus was paid to do nothing for 2 seasons.

jmb 09/18/2024

But the Angels had a very clear idea of who they wanted to manage the team. Who is the guy the Reds want so badly that they are willing to eat Bell’s last contract year? Boone’s not available. That being the case, my vote would be Mattingly.

Mike W 09/16/2024

Paying Bell next year not to manage, is far cheaper than having him manage — if his not managing gets us into the playoffs. If teams are mediocre or bad over a period of time, they fire the manager or head coach. Compared to buying a couple of free agents, it’s the least expensive way ownership can change a team — which should appeal to the current Red’s ownership! :+)

DataDumpster 09/17/2024

I won’t repeat many of the valid points that have been raised repeatedly but touch on two other issues rarely discussed.
1) Remember when Bell first came in and talked about establishing a winning culture, disciplined coaching, and health/wellness programs from top to bottom, etc. I assume that he has primary authority for implementing the 3 Ps (personnel, processes, procedures) to make that happen. Yet, the losing continues and seems to have gotten worse in the minor league levels. Isn’t that important also?
2) If Bell is really on the hot seat, why would they wait until the next year to fire him? Mid-season manager replacements are necessarily chaotic and rarely work out for the partial season. Another season would be wasted. What gives them hope Bell will improve, change his philosophies, or become more disciplined and authoritative?
After 6 years, I think it is obvious he should go but hiring an outsider and letting him drive toward the offseason improvement and trades this team requires is probably a step too far for this ownership.

Jim Walker 09/17/2024

I think we will see what SonPhil’s driving force as CEO is in the upcoming weeks since I believe Bell’s (and Krall’s) fate is mostly, if not entirely, in SonPhil’s hands versus BigBob’s or some family coalition.

My guess is SonPhil (aka SP) will run the team with more of an emphasis on financial performance and less on tradition.

If the mid and long term financials project better with Bell (or Krall) gone, SP will view their contract payouts as a cost of doing business.

TR 09/17/2024

Since 1882, the Reds have had 62 managers including David Bell. Only 10 of them have managed the Reds for 5 years or more. Giving David Bell a three year extension in the middle of his fifth year made no sense and still doesn’t. Managerial change is needed, but I doubt it will happen for 2025 with two years left on Bell’s contract.

old-school 09/17/2024

I commented 6-8 weeks ago I thought the O/U on Bell for getting fired was 75-87. I didn’t see him being fired if the Reds finished 79-83 or 78-84 and I still don’t. I think Krall is laying the groundwork for some cosmetic changes to the coaching staff and other minor league player development changes and advance pro scouting/game preparation coaches( hitting /hitting/hitting, baserunning).

A 5-6 finish gets the Reds to 78-84 and a 6-5 finish gets them to 79-83. Thats kinda where this team has yo-yoed all year long. Reds are 9-5 in September. A winning September and 78-79 wins and Bell is going nowhere. A collapse at the finish line of 2-9 or 3-8 would get them to 75-87 or 76-86 and it will take that final record IMO to see a managerial change.

Oldtimer 09/17/2024

Sparky finished 79-83 with this lineup.

1B May 2B Helms SS Concepcion 3B Perez C Bench LF Carbo/McRae CF Foster RF Rose SP Nolan Gullett McGlothlin Grimsley Simpson CL Carroll RP Granger Gibbons.

If Sparky didn’t get fired for going 79-83 with those players, I doubt Bell would get fired in 2024 with these players.

Mauired 09/17/2024

Do you really think that’s how the owners and front office are thinking? You should stop living in the past and join today and reality. They owners are not thinking one second about Sparky or who was in the lineup 50 years ago when it concerns whether Bell should be let go or not. Lololol

LDS 09/17/2024

Not a good comp @Oldtimer. This was Sparky’s second year. His team won 102 games and the pennant the previous year. This is Bell’s 6th year and he has won nothing. Nor will he. He doesn’t have the necessary skills. He’s not an analytics guy, though that in and of itself could be a good thing. Apparently, he’s like a parent that wants to be friends with their kids, instead of actually being a parent.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

It may or may not be a good comp, but it’s an eye-opening point.

LDS 09/17/2024

Not really @greenmtred. Sparky’s 2nd and Bell’s 6th. Apples and oranges

Melvin 09/17/2024

“he’s like a parent that wants to be friends with their kids, instead of actually being a parent.”

Parent first, friend second. That’s what kids need. If you want to use that analogy it’s what players need from their manager to bring out their best.

greenmtred 09/18/2024

It’s a good point because it reveals the primacy of the players’ importance. I understand that a manager’s team’s winning percentage is a quick, easy and deceptive way of judging him: it’s precisely the sort of faux argument we see so often in election years. My interest in this, and perhaps OT can elucidate, is what happened that year? You know, LDS, that Sparky didn’t suddenly forget to manage, so the explanation lies, as it always does, with the players. Were there a bunch of injuries? Unexplainable down years?

Jim t 09/17/2024

I really think we need an ownership change. No one will win with the spending habits of the current owners. They are making money and have very little interest in changing. I will be surprised if they make a change and pay Bell and his replacement. I want new owners then they can bring in their own coaching staff.

Old Big Ed 09/18/2024

Well, we pretty much know that an ownership change is not going to happen, and there is nothing that outsiders can do to force the issue.

Might as well hope for a new grandmother.

Chad A Donnell 09/17/2024

If you look at the hand he was dealt out of Spring Training I would say 76 wins is pretty good. Marty B knew it on opening day. The front office was smart enough to keep India, sign Espinal and acquire France at the deadline. For this team to be really good in 24 we had to have decent years from McClain and CES and strong contributions from Marte. One played 0 games, one less than 30 and Marte less that 75 (lost season for him/should have left him in Louisville). I say you see how it goes in April and maybe mid May of 2025. If we suck you fire him then. WE HAVE to keep our pitching coach. Johnson is on track to develop this staff into something special.

Mauired 09/17/2024

With playoff expansion 40% of teams make the postseason now. And Bell still can’t get in. Yes the offense suffered from injury. But that’s no excuse. If you look around baseball every team has injuries.

The Brewers traded away their best pitcher. Their second best pitcher has been out the entire season with a shoulder injury. Their all-star closer missed the entire 1st half with back surgery. Their highest paid player missed the entire second half with back injury. Are they losing and using it as an excuse. Nope. Just finding ways to win with guys you can’t even name. Someone mentioned how Pat Kelly focuses on he game and only cares about winning today. I’ve been calling for Reds to hire a guy like that for decades. Bell is the opposite. Always managing for tomorrow and surrendering today. The problem is that road leads to nowhere.

Despite the offense suffering some injuries, this team had enough talent to compete for a winning record but already pointed out numerous times by others Bell has a lot of illogical managing strategies that are counter productive to winning.

TR 09/17/2024

As six years come to a conclusion, there’s no question in my mind that Red’s managerial change is needed.

MBS 09/17/2024

The Reds beat the good teams and lose to the bad teams.

To me that’s a lack of focus, and that’s on the manager. The Players have the talent and focus to beat the best teams, but they lose focus when the challenge isn’t as tough.

BK 09/17/2024

Except the Brewers.

Jim Walker 09/17/2024

Also vs Pirates, 3-7 (3 more pending) to go with the 4-9 vs Brewers. Overall 21-25 in the division thanks to 7-6 vs the Cards and 7-3 vs Cubs (with 3 pending)

MBS 09/17/2024

@BK, Fair point, but some teams just have your number until they don’t

Jim Walker 09/17/2024

This seems like a valid point to me. I’d also add in their propensity (even more so in 2023) to win a bunch of games in a row and then tank almost the same number (and vice versa) as a focus inconsistency.

And let’s not forget their insanely good record in the first game of series and poor Sunday/ final series game record.

Mauired 09/17/2024

Speaking of Sunday record. That’s on Bell 100 percent. There is a direct correlation to his strategy of resting multiple starters each Sunday and then not surprisingly losing each Sunday. A more intelligent strategy would be to stagger the off days to not cripple the offensive production. Their Sunday record is insanely bad. He might have stopped doing this recently but too little too late.

MBS 09/17/2024

@Jim, yep, there are a lot of signs. Bell might be a better fit with a more veteran roster. I’ve never had strong feeling for him one way or the other, but I do have strong feelings about winning.

They really need to bring in a different manager who can take the roster to the next level.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Dusty was also criticized for his Sunday lineups.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

It seems like a valid point to me, too, unlike some of the other points. Maintaining focus in his players is clearly a managerial responsibility, and the Reds tendency to beat good teams and lose to lesser teams is very strong circumstantial evidence that Bell has failed at that.

greenmtred 09/18/2024

It’s a good point, but I will still be the dark lord’s advocate: The Reds’ good record against good teams could–could, I say–be as easily explained by lack of focus on the part of the good team. And the poor record against the Pirates et al? The bad teams, recognizing a great chance to win, focus like laser beams when they play the Reds. I’m just kidding. Sort of.

Melvin 09/17/2024

An argument could be made that they aren’t prepared to play under pressure. They generally go on win streaks when they have nothing to lose.

cbachguy@gmail.com 09/17/2024

Bell performance as manager is a distant third IMHO in the top three reasons Reds have yet another losing/disappointing season. Without digging too deep down the rabbit hole with most of those reasons most of us know here are my top three.
1. Ownership 50%
2. Injuries 40%
3. Bell/coaches/medical staff 10%
Until ownership seriously opens it’s wallets/purses from where we are currently ranked (25th) 100M to closer to the middle of the pack (15th) 167M we must hope for much, much better luck when it comes to injuries to stay at least in the hunt for a wild card spot. Ownership has wasted yet another year of our good young talents stay with us while they are on the cheap and affordable.

redfanorbust 09/17/2024

Bell performance as manager is a distant third IMHO in the top three reasons Reds have yet another losing/disappointing season. Without digging too deep down the rabbit hole with most of those reasons most of us know here are my top three.
1. Ownership 50%
2. Injuries 40%
3. Bell/coaches/medical staff 10%
Until ownership seriously opens it’s wallets/purses from where we are currently ranked (25th) 100M to closer to the middle of the pack (15th) 167M we must hope for much, much better luck when it comes to injuries to stay at least in the hunt for a wild card spot. Ownership has wasted yet another year of our good young talents stay with us while they are on the cheap and affordable.

LDS 09/17/2024

You are far too generous. With better situational awareness, and accountability, the Reds would be in the playoffs this year. That’s on Bell. As it has been every year he’s been there. Yes, the ownership isn’t interested in winning. And yes, there have been a lot of injuries. But, if you were assigned a project at work and six years later, you still had not delivered, where would you be working tomorrow?

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Even the preseason projections which didn’t assume all of the injuries had the Reds at about .500, as you gleefully pointed out when we were all being optimistic.

LDS 09/17/2024

Exactly. The team was never winning anything this year

greenmtred 09/18/2024

If you were assigned a project at work but the supervisor deprived you of the resources necessary to complete it, you might well be fired because that is a common way of doing things. It’s called “scapegoating.”

jmb 09/18/2024

Probably pretty close to true.

old-school 09/17/2024

C Trent has a nice “looking-forward” article on who comes back next year and Enquirer had a similar one.

Bottom Line:
Nick Martinez will have plenty of suitors after he declines his option.
Pagan stays with his player option at $8 mil
C Trent says reasons for Junis to stay, but predicts Reds decline their side of the option.
Both Enquirer and Athletic suggest Maile WILL be back because the value he brings with the pitching staff and leadership.( Don’t shoot the messenger)
Suter Fraley and Espinal come back
All arbitration players get tendered-Diaz/Gibault/Lodolo/Moll/Ashcraft

Ty France- he pointed out contributions and value France has given but rightly acknowledges the roster crunch at 3b/1b/dh with CES/Marte/Candy/India and impact of McLain returning to 2b to push the Corner infield, DH crunch further. I would add Steer and corner OF with Fraley as muddying the waters further.

I believe the the Corner OF and corner IF/DH roster construction will be the biggest off-season question mark. Id like to see a Bob Howsam massive trade to add core pieces or a big FA signing(not happening) to better define this young core moving forward.

Mauired 09/17/2024

If they bring Maile back next year the season is already lost. I know many people on here are still stuck in the past and think that the backup catcher doesn’t mean a whole lot. But the fact of today’s baseball is there is no backup catcher. It’s more of a catcher rotation. Now it’s more like primary catcher and secondary catcher and the secondary catcher plays 30% of the games so there is a big impact. Maile has not only played 30% of the games but offensively is the worst catcher in MLB with 50 games played. He has negative war. He is hitting .150 with an ops of .480 the Reds offense goes from scoring five runs a game with Stevenson to dropping down to 3.2 runs a game with maile starting. And whether you want to connect the dots or not, the Reds record also suffers a lot when maile plays. .279 winning percentage when he starts vs .577 when Stephenson starts.

To me the biggest upgrade needed is this spot on the roster. Are they going to be able to make the secondary catcher one of the best catchers in baseball like Stephenson? No. But they can’t continue to roll out the worst secondary catcher in baseball or else the offense will continue to sputter and they will be an automatic loss whenever Stevenson is benched. There are diamonds in the rough out there. Last off season if they would have acquired Bart from San Francisco instead of letting the pirates get get him (for nothing ) I think the season would have gone quite differently because Bart has put up huge numbers as a secondary catcher. This off season maybe they can get a guy like Sam Huff from this Texas Rangers who is stuck in AAA and been putting up pretty big numbers over the last few years.

LDS 09/17/2024

C Trent likely has better information than most of us here. But I wish he was wrong about some of these. For example, I’d like to see them move on from most of their OF’ers, like Fraley, Martini, Fairchild, and Benson. I’d hold on to Friedl but the rest need to be replaced with everyday players. As for Candelario? At this point, I’d rather see him traded (nobody else likely would want him) and I’d keep France at the moment. They need insurance against McLain and CES. That makes India a hard choice. Do they keep him in case McLain is unable to perform comparably following his surgery or package him for OF’ers. Sadly, I think Phil is going to be a bigger burden to the team’s future than Bob ever dreamed of. We can hope not. But I’m not counting on it.

Melvin 09/17/2024

” I’d like to see them move on from most of their OF’ers, like Fraley, Martini, Fairchild, and Benson. I’d hold on to Friedl but the rest need to be replaced with everyday players”

Have to agree.

Old Big Ed 09/18/2024

I pretty much agree, although I give Fraley a pass for this year. He had a very tough off-season and spring training, then got sick and lost 10-15 pounds. Through July 2023, when he got hurt, he was slashing .268/.349/.475, with 15 HRs in 284 ABs and a SO% rate less than 20%. (That was about what Santander did in 2023, plus Fraley is fast and plays at least league average defense.)

Since the All-Star break, Fraley has slashed .275/.323/.442. Can’t hit lefties, obviously, but he can contribute and he competes.

I would look into moving McLain to CF, where he started one full year at UCLA. He’s got the speed and experience, and the Reds have India, Steer and Espinal as options for 2B. Edwin Arroyo won’t be ready this year, but he is likely the future at 2B.

If they keep Friedl, which I think they will, I think he fits better defensively in LF than CF.

What they really need is for Rece Hinds to cut his SO% by 15 points; we all wish it was so simple and easy. He’s fast; has great power; defends well; and has a big arm. He is the only minor league position player other than Arroyo who has much of a chance to play in Cincinnati in 2025.

The Duke 09/18/2024

Until Hinds can identify breaking pitches, lay off of ones out of the zone, and make contact with ones in the zone, he isn’t going to be much use for the Reds in the show. Not sure why it took a whole week for MLB pitchers to realize to not throw him a fastball in the strike zone, but once they caught on, he turned into a pumpkin again.

BK 09/17/2024

I saw that article as well. My two cents, the offseason priorities should be:

1. Sign a free agent OF, I suggest Anthony Santander should be the priority.
2. Resign (mutual option) RHP Jakob Junis. He takes over the hybrid role that Martinez filled in 2024,
3. Sign Elias Diaz as backup catcher.
4. Tender contracts to Espinal, Stephenson, Fraley, Fairchild, Lodolo, Diaz, Moll, and Ashcraft (nontender France and Gibaut).
5. Pickup Suter’s option.

Melvin 09/17/2024

Maybe so but too bad they can’t keep France and trade Candelario. In 42 games with the Reds his stats are .290/.329/.441. I’ll take that.

jmb 09/18/2024

Santander is a good start, but they probably need more changes than you propose. Can’t rely on Lodolo or Williamson, so they need a couple starters. Can’t go with Steer in left, so you need a left fielder. Can’t go with Fairchild or Benson or India at all. Need a left-handed hitting catcher. Keeping France and Candy to be first and DH would not be bad, but then what do you do with CES and Steer?

The Duke 09/18/2024

Why can’t they go with India? Positive outs above average this year, 103 OPS+, has all star upside if he can avoid the slumps a little more.

Williamson is likely toast for 2025 by the sounds of it, but you keep trotting Lodolo out there until he can’t go. Hopefully if/by the time he gets hurt again, we have Chase Petty or Chase Burns or potentially Connor Phillips ready to take his place. I won’t be shocked if they grab another one year starter like Montas, but it’s not an absolute necessity. I think a far bigger need is another tough left handed reliever for the bullpen. If they want to aim big, go for AJ Minter.

The Reds won’t be adding $100 million to the payroll, so they may have to bite the bullet and roll with Steer in LF again in 2025. Only so many holes you can plug in FA, by far the costliest way to roster build.

Fairchild is fine as a 4th/5th OF who can play CF if needed and be a late inning defensive sub.

Benson should go to AAA and try to get his 2023 mojo back, especially if we sign a power hitting RF like Santander. Hinds can stay down there with him until he learns how to recognize a breaking ball and lay off of ones out of the zone. Fraley and Fairchild are fine as bench OF for the big club.

Jeremiah 09/17/2024

Good balanced article by Doug. I used to be more on the David Bell needs to go side, but I’m more inclined to believe Krall and Bell both need to go. I think a forward thinking, tough winning Ownership group would fire Krall and Bell and bring in different leadership going into 2025. I think now would be the time to bring in a Jocketty and Baker type of leadership. While they were certainly flawed, they had both won, and brought a level of expectation to win to the organization. You have talent, pieces you can win with, but also need lots of change too most likely.

To me, 2025 is Krall’s last year if you’re a decent Owner…they have to at least win 85 games in 2025 to even consider Krall coming back in 2026. So why would you want Krall picking a new Manager going into 2025 and beyond if this is maybe his make or break year? Of course this is my thinking, and not the Castellini’s.

I don’t agree with the ownership needing to spend more money. Would it help and would they probably win more if they did? Most likely, but the Mets spent like 300 million a season or so ago and were pretty bad. It’s not the money spent, it’s how you spend it, and whether your decisions panned out or not. It’s how the minor leaguers you develop for or trade for become actual every day players.

I actually don’t think Krall is the worst GM of all time, and I think his plan to tear apart the 2021 team made sense…Winker and Suarez, Castellanos, probably weren’t going to bring you a championship.

But I think he’s had enough time to try and build a winner, and the extension to Bell last year, the forcing of Marte to play this year with no accountability, Candelario and Montas signings not producing much, the pitching staff not being able to stay healthy into late August 2 years in a row when you’re somewhat in a playoff race, the overaggressive baserunning philosophy, etc. It all falls on Krall in the management in the end.

With that being said! If Krall is still GM next year, boy I just can’t see the benefit in bringing back David Bell. The fans sometimes are dumb and overreactive, myself included, but you have to listen to your fans at times too. Getting swept by the Nationals out of the All-Star Break, the sweep against the Royals as soon as the Reds had built a little bit of genuine momentum the series before. So many examples over the years of his teams not rising to the moment, and Bell just carelessly commenting how they’ll keep playing hard, playing their way, etc.

TJ 09/17/2024

Totally agree redfan. Ownership isn’t willing to spend to put a winning team on the field. The injuries and subpar performance from almost all the position players has led to the current record. The pitching in my opinion has been pretty good. If our starters would’ve remained healthy who knows where we would be.

Votto4life 09/17/2024

Two things can be true at a once..the ownership stinks and David bell needs to go.

Mauired 09/17/2024

People continue to try to find excuses for Bell’s losing. What’s new. Now it’s injuries to offense and their performance. Team ops is .700 compared to Cleveland .704 but Cleveland found a way to lead the American League in Wins.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

They didn’t lose their entire rotation and they’re one of the best defensive teams in baseball, for starters.

Mauired 09/17/2024

They never had a rotation to begin with. I defy anyone outside of Milwaukee to name to starters in the rotation without looking online.

greenmtred 09/18/2024

Greene, Lodolo, Abbott, Ashcraft and a fight for #5. That was a rotation. They don’t really have one now, which is the point. Another reason the Guardians are doing so well, in addition to stellar defense and undecimated pitching, is that they have, in Ramirez, a bona fide superstar power hitter. The Braves have had injuries to important players, too, but they still have Ozuna–2nd in the league in BA and homers, 4th in rbi. A guy like that evidently makes a difference.

greenmtred 09/18/2024

I note that you were talking about the Brewers’ rotation, Maui. I don’t have an answer beyond the obvious: the Brewers are a better team. My guess is that they do pitch better, and I know that they’re a top defensive club.

Nick in NKY 09/17/2024

Reasons why the state of the team isn’t Bell’s fault:
He can only play the players the ownership has given him.
He can’t play guys that get hurt.
He isn’t managing the development strategy for young talent.

Reasons why it is/things he does have control over:
The fundamentally poor defense.
The fundamentally bad baserunning is beyond aggressive and into foolish.
Predictable and easily countered pitching and bullpen strategy.
Weird tendency to start B-listers every Sunday.
No apparent shift in hitting strategies for different situations.

This could be my bias to what is recent speaking, but I cannot remember as young ballplayer ever watching a pro team make so many fundamental errors. Missing/wrong cutoff men. Not knowing when to charge or stay back on a ground ball. Running into outs at home and third on ground balls.

One can argue which of these sides of the ledger has more to contribute to the team’s underperformance this season. I have resisted directly dumping on the manager in most cases after a loss, but ultimately someone has to be accountable, or complacency sets in. It’s time for the FO to cite the poor fundamentals, and clean house with the coaching staff. New culture is what’s needed.

Rednat 09/17/2024

I Think the reds can use this opportunity to be creative. I say lets move on from Freddie Benavides first. He has been here a long time and it is time to say good bye. I am sure he is a good man but not the fiery guy we need to lead this team.
I would like to see Brantley moved down from the broadcast to the dugout and take over as bench coach. Give Bell 80 games next year and if no improvement lets see what Brantley can do as skipper.

Mark Moore 09/17/2024

Brantley is WAAAAY to smart to take on that job.

Votto4life 09/17/2024

Here is a thought, why not hire a manager with a track record of success?

Anthony 09/17/2024

Weve been over this since 2019 over and over and over with the same bottom line. This gentleman MUST be relieved if we have any hope at all moving forward into the future. Retaining him assures no chance of post season at all in 2025 no matter what tweaks are made or injuries avoided. Its been long overdue. If we want 65 75 80ish wins forever then keep bringing him back forever on a lifetime deal. If we want to jump start it hes gotta go. This roster is very close with someone else running it day to day.

Votto4life 09/17/2024

+10,000

Randoxu1 09/17/2024

Bell has had his chance and he has failed. I find it funny that in the last month now Espinal, France and Stepenson play everyday now. Is that because he’s actually worried about his job now as opposed to the stupid lineups he put out everyday, that’s on him. Injuries are a factor for every team but the reds always seem to be the ones who make excuses, the Brewers, Braves etc., have had a ton of injuries and they still win because they have good managers and hold people accountable. I played against Pat Murphy when he was the Coach at Notre Dame and was a no nonsense guy then. That’s what the Reds need somebody who isn’t going to baby these guys and just show up with no expectations and demands. The owner isn’t changing so you know the rules going in as the manager. Its time for a change, Bell has no feel for the game, continuing to run out Diaz as the closer, bad fundamentals, terrible base running, cant get runners in from 3rd less than 2 outs, refusing to bunt runners over in a close game, these kinds of decisions are on the manager and he has failed. Derek Johnson is the only coach who should stay.

Mauired 09/17/2024

Exactly. For the excuses crowd wanting to hide behind the injuries instead of Bell’s lack on management skills. Look no further than tonight’s opponent. The Braves have a winning record and half an all-star squad on the IL. Current unavailable players include:

Reynaldo Lopez
Spencer Strider
Ozzie Albies
Austin Riley
Ronald Acuna

And others. That’s a lot more talent on their IL than Reds IL. But they find a way to win ballgames and compete. Every team has injuries every year.

Votto4life 09/17/2024

The defense of Bell on this site is just ridiculous. He has been here six years. There are injuries every, single season. If they are waiting to see how he performs without injuries, they will have a long wait.

greenmtred 09/17/2024

Yes, and a lot more money to find replacements. The Braves were much better to begin with, and the players they could still field after the injuries were better than the Reds. And, of note, the Braves are fighting to make the playoffs when, pre-injury, they were considered one of the two or three best teams in the game. So injuries hurt the rich guys, too. This is not a defense of Bell, by the way, but a reaction to the idea that injuries are just an excuse. They are an excuse, but they’re a good one for a team that won’t replace them. There are plenty of legitimate criticisms of Bell, but this really isn’t one of them.

Mauired 09/17/2024

Look at the lineups. Reds who supposedly have the weak injured lineup have more .700 ops and up lineups than the Braves tonight.

Kevin H 09/17/2024

They are a 500 ball club without those injured players. Injuries do play a part.

jmb 09/18/2024

The Dodgers too have suffered lots of injuries and had young players not perform…but then, look at their payroll. They’ve got the best player in baseball and other stars or superstars to fall back on.

Old Big Ed 09/18/2024

Votto, to be honest, I don’t really see much support for Bell on here. I think the consensus is that (1) they make too many mistakes under Bell; and (2) Bell has had plenty of time to show that he is the guy for the job, and hasn’t made that showing.

greenmtred 09/18/2024

And they beat the Braves. The Braves have performed below expectations and so have the Reds Injuries certainly account for a lot it.

Melvin 09/17/2024

” I find it funny that in the last month now Espinal, France and Stepenson play everyday now. Is that because he’s actually worried about his job now as opposed to the stupid lineups he put out everyday, that’s on him.”

It is strange that he’s done that AFTER we were out of a reasonable chance of making the playoffs.

Mauired 09/17/2024

Hitters in the lineup*

jmb 09/18/2024

–1906-1916–Reds had 10 losing seasons out of 11 (1909 was the one exception). Their making and winning the 1919 WS came out of nowhere; they hadn’t even come in 2nd since 1887.
–1927-1937–Reds had 10 losing seasons out of 11 (1928 was the one exception–9 straight losing season!) Again, their making the 1939 and 1940 WSs came out of nowhere; they hadn’t come in 2nd since 1926.
–1945-1955–11 straight losing seasons!
–1997-2009–Reds had 11 losing seasons out of 13 (1999 and 2000 being the 2 exceptions)
–2014-2024–Reds had 8 losing seasons out of 11 (2020, 2021, and 2223 were the exceptions)

As 2011 was a losing season, the Reds have only had 8 winning seasons out of the last 28! 1906-1937–Reds had 11 winning seasons out of 32 (1921 was a losing season). So, they’ll have to have 3 winning seasons out of the next 4 or else they will be in the worst era of franchise history.

jmb 09/18/2024

Can’t blame Bell for their record since 1997!






RECENT POSTS
Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
The Cincinnati Reds 2025 payroll is almost set
Reds avoid arbitration with eight players for 2025
Is the Cincinnati Reds offense good enough?
Reds’ Nick Krall on the Gavin Lux trade with the Dodgers
RECENT COMMENTS
Rick on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
redfanorbust on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
redfanorbust on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
Mauired on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
Dan on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
Reaganspad on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
Reaganspad on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
LDS on Reds show interest in free agent reliever Carlos Estevez
Copyright RedlegNation.com. All Rights Reserved. RedlegNation.com is an independent news source and is not affiliated with the Cincinnati Reds, Major League Baseball, any of the Cincinnati Reds minor league affiliates or Minor League Baseball.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.redlegnation.com/2024/09/16/cincinnati-reds-manager-david-bell-is-on-the-hot-seat/ 
 ----- 
