#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
SOCCER
Thalente Mbatha scores on debut to save Bafana blushes against Uganda in Afcon qualifier
06 September 2024 - 20:30
BY MAHLATSE MPHAHLELE AT ORLANDO STADIUM
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Bafana Bafana defender Siyabonga Ngezana (left) and Steven Mukwala of Uganda during the 2025 African Cup of Nations qualifier match at Orlando Stadium on September 06, 2024.
Image: Alche Greeff/Gallo Images

Thalente Mbatha scored a late equaliser as Bafana Bafana forced a 2-2 draw with Uganda during the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier match at Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Friday night.

The Ugandan Cranes looked to have secured a memorable 2-1 win but substitute Mbatha struck from close range during referee's optional time as Bafana avoided what could have been an embarrassing defeat.

When Mbatha drew level in front of a lively crowd, Uganda were leading, thanks to two thunderous second-half goals from Denis Omedi and Rogers Mato that cancelled out the opening goal by Lyle Foster early in the game.

Uganda’s equaliser was a thing of beauty but the second was because of a schoolboy error by Bafana goalkeeper Veli Mothwa who forgot the basics of his craft by allowing the ball to slip through his hands.

Before Omedi and Mato scored within four minutes, South Africa looked comfortable as they dominated ball possession and chances created but did not turn their dominance into more goals.

This result means South Africa are in second spot in Group K but they must get all three points when they visit South Sudan on Tuesday to get their qualifying campaign on track.

South Sudan lost 1-0 to Congo on Thursday and Bafana will fancy their chances away from home.

Bafana coach Hugo Broos sprang a surprise in his line-up when he included Mothwa ahead of favoured Sipho Chaine of Orlando Pirates and Ricardo Goss of SuperSport United.

Most South Africans were expecting Chaine to start as he has played in five matches so far this season, three matches in the MTN8 and two in the Caf Champions League preliminaries.

Mothwa, whose mistake led to the draw, was trusted by Broos and the technical team despite the fact he is yet to taste official action while Goss has played in one official match.

Broos also showed faith in young central defender Rushwin Dortley, who had a near flawless performance, playing alongside Aubrey Modiba, Siyabonga Ngezana and Khuliso Mudau.

Sitting in the heart of the midfield was Sphephelo Sithole, whose mistake led to Uganda’s equaliser, and Teboho Mokoena while Themba Zwane was placed in front of them for the creative spark.

Appollis, Elias Mokwana and Foster were part of the three-pronged attack but were not too effective as Bafana dropped a valuable qualifying two points at home.

Foster opened the scoring after 14 minutes when he looped the ball over Uganda goalkeeper Rashid Watenga after a delightful attacking move that included Zwane, Sithole with Mudau providing the assist.

Bafana put together another beautiful attacking move in the 25th minute that ended with Appollis laying the ball for Mokwana but he did not connect properly under pressure from Ugandan defender Elio Capradossi.

Mudau was lucky to continue with the match on the stroke of halftime as he got away with only a yellow card from referee Gabonese referee Pierre Atcho after he pushed Rodgers Mato to the ground.

Uganda equalised in thunderous style when attacker Omedi unleashed a powerful 30m shot that gave Mothwa, who moved out of his line, no chance after Sithole was disposed of after 51 minutes.

There were more woes to come for South Africa as Mato drilled a powerful shot that was fumbled by Mothwa into his own net three minutes later as they took the lead for the first time.

On the hour mark, South African supporters expressed their disapproval when Broos took off Appollis who was having a good time on the attack for Bafana.

In the dying minutes, Mbatha found himself with space to drill the ball home and earn Bafana a hard-fought draw.

MORE:
Kaizer Chiefs welcome Njabulo Blom back from US
In a move that will be popular among the club's supporters, Kaizer Chiefs have welcomed back midfielder Njabulo Blom from St Louis City in the US's ...
SPORT3 months ago
ARENA SPORTS SHOW | Siphesihle Ndlovu confident Bafana will get good results
In the 35th episode of the Arena Sports Show, presenter Clauiee Grace Mpanza and regular guest Mahlatse Mphahlele are joined by SuperSport United ...
SPORT3 months ago
‘I thought he was joking’: Ronwen Williams on call about Yashin Trophy nomination
Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns captain Ronwen Williams says he “went numb” and was speechless and shocked to find out he had been nominated ...
SPORT3 months ago
WATCH | Senzo Meyiwa murder trial
The trial of the five men accused of the murder of soccer star Senzo Meyiwa in 2014 continues in the Pretoria high court on Thursday.
NEWS3 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accused of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
Legendary Sea Turtle Bracele t
Meet the Legendary Sea Turtle ...
TeamPlanting
Suspect, 28, arrested for stat utory rape after 13-year-old gives birth on Christmas Day
The arrest was in response to a...
Visit Oregon with our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endles...
Travel Oregon
Melanie and Zwai Bala share the secret to their successful co-parenting
"Zwai and I always, always put o...
MOST READ
‘I’ll be 36 years old’: Dane Paterson when asked about Championship final
CRICKET
Ali Bacher concerned by dominance of cricket ‘big three’ India, England and ...
CRICKET
Proteas batter Markram says there is still a lot of work to do against Pakistan
CRICKET
Pirates coach Jose Riveiro braced for busy time in coming months
SOCCER
India fight back after Australian wonder boy Sam Konstas thrills MCG
CRICKET
LATEST VIDEOS
Ali Bacher concerned by the dominance of cricket 'big three' in India, England ...
LIVE Han Duck-Soo Faces impeachment | Han Duck-Soo Acting President Impeachment ...
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-09-06-thalente-mbatha-scores-on-debut-to-save-bafanas-blushes-against-uganda-in-afcon-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
