Login
AFCON qualifiers: Uganda hold hosts South Africa in 2-2 draw

Sep 07, 2024 Cultural tourism experiences

Uganda produced a spirited second half performance where they came from behind to score two quick goals through Denis Omedi and Rogers Mato in the 51st and 53rd minutes respectively cancelling out Lyle Foster's 14th minute opener.
Uganda's goalkeeper #19 Isima Watenga catches the ball during the 2025 CAF Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) Group K qualifying match between South Africa and Uganda at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto on September 6, 2024. AFP PHOTOS Cultural tourism experiences

Yekoyada Saaka
Journalist @New Vision
#Uganda Cranes
#Bafana Bafana
1.26K views

No Comment

Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers 2025
Group K
Friday Results 
South Africa 2 Uganda 2
Congo Brazzaville 1 South Sudan 0
Monday 
Uganda v Congo Brazzaville 
Tuesday 
South Sudan v South Africa Cultural tourism experiences

Substitute Thalente Mbatha's 95th minute equaliser for South Africa to make it 2-2 denied Uganda a historic win and a perfect start to the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers in Group K on Friday night in Johannesburg.

 

Uganda produced a spirited second half performance where they came from behind to score two quick goals through Denis Omedi and Rogers Mato in the 51st and 53rd minutes respectively cancelling out Lyle Foster's 14th minute opener. 

South Africa who were the best of the night were frustrated and kept at bay by Uganda goalkeeper Ismail Watenga who put up a man of the match performance.

Uganda's defence too had a busy day at the office inside the Orlando Stadium where they defended jealously to protect their second half lead until the 95th minute of the added six when their resilience was broken down by Mbatha's long range effort into the back of the net.

When the full-time whistle blew, it was total disappointment for the Uganda Cranes players for dropping two precious points in the final 50 seconds of the match having to defend with all their lives.

However, Uganda should be very happy with this point because they conceded so early, they were dominated and also they came into this match on the back of four straight defeats against South Africa.

Uganda will return to action on Monday at Mandela National Stadium Namboole where they host group leaders Congo Brazzaville who defeated South Sudan 1-0 in the other match.

The following day in Juba, South Sudan will entertain South Africa. 

At the end of the qualifying campaign, the top two teams in this group will book their places in the finals to be hosted by Morocco between December 2025 and January 2016.

Help us improve! We're always striving to create great content. Share your thoughts on this article and rate it below.

Comments

No Comment

More News
VIDEO: India pays tribute to former PM Manmohan Singh ...

Singh, who held office from 2004 to 2014, died at the age of 92, prompting seven days of state mourning.

VIDEO: Nigerians celebrate Calabar carnival ...

Dancers and floats take part in a colourful parade.

Top chess player quits championship after jeans row ...

Carlsen was asked to change his clothes Friday at the World Rapid and Blitz Chess Championships after falling foul of the governing body's regulations.

More News
Montenegro to extradite crypto entrepreneur Do Kwon to US ...

The crypto tycoon, whose real name is Kwon Do-hyung, was arrested in March 2023 in Montenegro after trying to board a flight with fake Costa Rican travel documents.

Israel army says operating near key Gaza hospital ...

The operation, centred near the Kamal Adwan Hospital in Beit Lahia, followed an announcement from the hospital on Thursday that five of its staff members were killed in an Israeli strike.

Azerbaijan plane crashed due to 'physical external interference' ...

Statements from Azerbaijan citing the investigation into the incident suggest Baku believes the plane was hit mid-air.

Related Stories

Paul Put frustrated by Cranes’ 2nd half struggles in Burundi

Read More

Mucureezi and Lwanga left out of Uganda Cranes' CHAN Squad

Read More

Ahimbisibwe's goal propels URA FC to victory and fourth place

Read More

How the loss of local pitches has destroyed football talent

Read More

2024: A year of highs and lows for Uganda's national sports federations

Read More

Ex-Uganda Cranes star Baker Kasigwa dies at 93

Read More

 
All Rights Reserved © NewVision 2024
Premium
My Subscriptions
Archives
E-Papers
Privacy Policy
Legal Policy
Terms of Use
Contact us
+256 (0)414 337 000
+256 (0)312 337 000
news@newvision.co.ug
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newvision.co.ug/category/sports/afcon-qualifiers-uganda-hold-hosts-south-afri-NV_195386 
 ----- 
