Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Preview: South Africa, Uganda target decent start to 2025 Afcon qualifiers
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
SEPTEMBER 5, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Thursday September 6, 2024
Orlando stadium, Johannesburg – 7:00 pm (EAT)

Uganda and South Africa renew acquaintances with either seeking a bright start to the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers in Group K.

The two nations have not met in a competitive match since the 2006 World Cup qualifiers which the Bafana Bafana edged both home and away.

Uganda Cranes train in South Africa Credit: FUFA

The 1996 winners come into the game as favourites after an improved show at the 2023 finals where they finished as bronze medalists ending several years of underperformance only losing to arch-rivals Nigeria in the semi-final but beat the Democratic Republic of Congo in the third-place playoff 6-5 on penalties after the match ended goalless in regulation time.

They have since done well in fixtures after the tournament holding Nigeria 1-1 and beating Zimbabwe 3-1 in World Cup qualifying in June.

Uganda Cranes goalkeepers available Credit: FUFA

On the other hand, Paul Put’s Uganda Cranes aim to get back to the finals for the first time since 2019 when they played in Egypt and reached the round of 16 and got beaten by Senegal.

Uganda missed on qualifying for the 2023 Afcon as they finished third in their group with seven points, one point behind Tanzania, who qualified alongside Algeria for the main tournament in the Ivory Coast.

Uganda come into the game on the back of a 2-1 home defeat by Algeria in the World Cup qualifiers but had beaten Botswana 1-0 before.

Team News

Ronwen Williams races away in celebrations | Credit: CAF Media

The most notable absentees from Hugo Broos’ squad are skipper Ronwen Williams (injured) and winger Percy Tau (personal reasons).

The gaffer has already confirmed Themba Zwane as the team captain for the match.

For Uganda Cranes, defenders Halid Lwaliwa and Kenneth Ssemakula and midfielder Bobosi Byaruhanga miss the clash due to visa issues but will be available for the game against Congo in Kampala.

Credit: John Batanudde

South Africa based goalkeeper Jamal Salim and APR midfielder Taddeo Lwanga were overlooked but Joseph Ochaya and Charles Lukwago return to the squad.

Key Stat:

Uganda have faced South Africa four times since their first meeting in 2004, but have lost on all four occasions, with three of the defeats coming in regulation time, while the other was on penalties in the COSAFA Cup in 2019

Probable Line ups:

South Africa: Goss (GK); Mudau, Ngezana, Mvala, Modiba; Mokoena, Sithole, Zwane ©, Kekana; Foster, Rayners

Uganda: Watenga (GK); Bwomono, Muleme, Mugabi, Capradossi Aucho ©, Sserunjogi, Ssekiganda, Mutyaba, Mato, Shaban, Okello

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Brian Ssenyondo: Uganda U-17 head coach now focuses to achieve FIFA World Cup dream
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/09/05/preview-south-africa-uganda-target-decent-start-to-2025-afcon-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
