Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
South Africa's midfielder #4 Teboho Mokoena controls the ball during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 semi-final football match between Nigeria and South Africa at the Stade de la Paix in Bouake on February 7, 2024. Image: Issouf SANOGO / AFP
Bafana Bafana vs Uganda: How to watch, tickets and travel

Bafana Bafana kick off their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign with a home match against Uganda on Friday 6 September.

By James Richardson
04-09-24 15:17
in Bafana Bafana

Bafana Bafana get their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign underway with a home match against Uganda, staged at Orlando Stadium on Friday 6 September.

South Africa will be without captain and goalkeeper Ronwen Williams, who is recovering from an injury, and Belgian mentor Hugo Broos said his absence would be a huge blow.

“If you have a guy like Ronwen who will not be with us in the two games, that is a big problem. He is not just a good goalkeeper, he is also a good captain,” Broos said.

BAFANA BAFANA VS UGANDA – HOW TO WATCH AND TICKET DETAILS

The AFCON qualifier between Bafana Bafana and Uganda will kick off at 18:00 on Friday 6 September 2024.

This match will be broadcast on both SuperSport and SABC Sport channels.

Tickets to the opening qualifier against Uganda are on sale at all TicketPro outlets and South African Football Association (SAFA) President Dr Danny Jordaan and CEO Lydia Monyepao have continued to urge fans to come out in numbers and support the team.


Gates will open at 15:00 on Friday 6 September and tickets are priced at R30 for Children, Scholars and Students, R60 for Adults, and R140 for a Family of four (2 adults + 2 children).


The tickets are available at TicketPro, all Spar supermarkets (QuickSpar and SuperSpar), SASOL, ENGEN, SHELL, PowerFashion and JAM Clothing.

TRAVEL DETAILS

For the day, PRASA will run a train service to the qualifier at Orlando Stadium. Trains from Park, Naledi, New Canada, & Midway Stations to Orlando Station with a Safe fan walk to the stadium promised. Normal fare applies.

A POSITIVE START

Broos said it was important to start the campaign on a positive note on Friday.

“When we go back to the last eight months of this year, in the beginning of the year, I think we can be very happy with the results of Bafana Bafana,” he said.

“We had a very good AFCON, came back with a bronze medal. After that, a friendly game against Algeria (3-3), very good and then the games against Zimbabwe (3-1) and Nigeria (1-1) in the World Cup qualifiers, also we had very good results.

“So that means, yeah, we are confident, and we believe in ourselves to start those qualifiers for AFCON 2025. I think it’s very important that when you play qualifiers you have a good start. When you have a good start, you put pressure on your opponents. When you don’t, it’s just the opposite. We have to try to avoid that.”

After facing Uganda at Orlando Stadium, Bafana Bafana will travel to South Sudan to play their second match in the group on Tuesday 10 September.

WILL BAFANA BAFANA NAB THREE POINTS AGAINST UGANDA?

Let us know by clicking on the comment tab below this article or by emailing info@thesouthafrican.com or sending a WhatsApp to 060 011 021 1.

You can also follow @TheSAnews on X and The South African on Facebook for the latest news.

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Bafana Bafana
Featured
Important
latest soccer news
South Africa
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/bafana-bafana/bafana-bafana-vs-uganda-how-to-watch-tickets-travel/ 
 ----- 
