Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Zwane replaces Ronwen Williams as Bafana Bafana captain for Uganda clash
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
SEPTEMBER 4, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Themba Zwane to skipper Bafana Bafana Credit: Courtesy
Overview:

Williams is a key absent along with winger Percy Tau who was overlooked by Hugo Broos as well although the Al Ahly star felt ready to represent his nation.

Mamelodi Sundowns play maker Themba Zwane has been appointed South Africa’s captain for the forthcoming 2025 Afcon qualifiers against Uganda and South Sudan.

Zwane takes over from Ronwen Williams who is out injured and hasn’t even played for Sundowns in pre-season.

“Themba Zwane will captain the Bafana Bafana team that will face Uganda and South Sudan in two 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers in the coming days,” a statement on SAFA read.

“Coach Hugo Broos made the announcement to the team after dinner on Tuesday night and the mercurial player will lead the South African senior national side against Uganda at home at Orlando Stadium on Friday, 06 September 2024 (6pm), and away against South Sudan in their second AFCON qualifier on Tuesday, 10 September 2024.

Camp News
🗞⤵️

Themba Zwane to captain Bafana against Uganda, South Sudanhttps://t.co/ktd7YTzy0S

— Bafana Bafana (@BafanaBafana) September 3, 2024

“Regular captain and goalkeeper Ronwen Williams is recovering from an injury and is not part of this camp. The team has been hard at work since arriving in camp this week and is fired up to get the AFCON campaign on a positive note.”

Williams is a key absent along with winger Percy Tau who was overlooked by Hugo Broos as well although the Al Ahly star felt ready to represent his nation.

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Brian Ssenyondo: Uganda U-17 head coach now focuses to achieve FIFA World Cup dream
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/09/04/zwane-replaces-ronwen-williams-as-captain-for-uganda-clash/ 
 ----- 
