Skip to content
Bafana Bafana vs Uganda: Preview, time and where to watch

Published on 5 Sep 2024 at 10:32 by Nkosiyabuya Sithole

ABIDJAN, COTE D IVOIRE - FEBRUARY 10 South Africa during the TotalEnergies Caf Africa Cup of Nations Afcon 2023 Third Place match between South Africa and Congo Dr at Stade Felix Houphouet-Boigny on February 10, 2024 in Abidjan, Cote d Ivore. Photo by Didier Lefa Copyright: xx

This week, Bafana Bafana embark on their journey to qualify for the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations, to be held in Morocco.

The South African team is buoyed by their recent success, having secured a bronze medal at the last edition by defeating DR Congo in the third-place playoff.

Hugo Broos' squad has also performed well in World Cup qualifiers, and their morale is high.

HEAD-TO-HEAD

Bafana have dominated their encounters with Uganda since 2004, winning all four matches, including a penalty shootout victory in the 2019 COSAFA Cup. 

Notably, the last match between the two teams was Broos' first game in charge in 2021, played at Orlando Stadium, the same venue for the upcoming fixture. 

Bafana secured a 3-2 victory in that match, with Evidence Makgopa scoring a brace and Bongokuhle Hlongwane adding another goal.

RECENT FORM

Broos' side won their last match 3-1 against Zimbabwe in World Cup qualifiers, following a 1-1 draw against Nigeria. 

Meanwhile, Uganda suffered a home defeat to Algeria after a 1-0 victory over Botswana.

FIFA 2022 World Cup Qatar, Qualifier: Bafana Bafana Training Session and press conference, PK, Pressekonferenz JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA – OCTOBER 11: Hugo Broos coach of Bafana Bafana during the South African national soccer team training session and press conference at FNB Stadium on October 11, 2021 in Johannesburg, South Africa. Gallo1788550
BROOS – ‘I KNOW UGANDA COACH VERY WELL'

Bafana coach Hugo Broos has stated that they won't be playing fancy football against the “athletic” Ugandan team.

He admitted it won’t be easy for them, knowing Uganda coach Joseph Paul Put who is his countryman (from Belgium).

“I have already said that you can’t always win games by playing good football, and perhaps against Uganda it will be such a game,” Broos said.

“I know the coach of Uganda (Joseph Paul Put) very well because he’s from Belgium. He’s a good coach, so it won’t be easy for us.

“But if we can find the good mentality – like we have shown it in very difficult situations – we can count on it when we need it in such games.

“If we can’t find the solution by winning the game through playing good football, then hopefully we can go to our mentality – that is fighting.

“Uganda is a very athletic team, big guys with big hearts, fighting for every ball. It won’t be different on Friday. It’s up to us to compete against that as well.

“Quality-wise we are the better team but that won’t be enough on Friday. I am confident, though, that we can win games with a good mentality.”

TIME AND WHERE TO WATCH 

The match will take place on Friday, 6 August at Orlando Stadium and is scheduled to kick off at 6 PM. It will be televised on SABC Sport.

Bafana Bafana Squad

Bafana Bafana captain Ronwen Williams who made history by being one of the 10 goalkeepers nominated for the prestigious Yashin Trophy at the Ballon d'Or awards will missing the two qualifiers against Uganda and South Sudan due to injury and Themba Zwane has been named as captain in his Sundowns team mate's absence.

However it remains to be seen who will Hugo Broos pick to start in goals with Veli Mothwa, Ricardo Goss and Sipho Chaine all in contention.

Possible Starting Line-up: Chaine, Mudau, Modiba, Ngezana, Kekana, Mokoena, Sithole, Zwane, Appollis, Mokwana, Foster

Uganda Cranes Squad

Goalkeepers: Isima Watenga (Golden Arrows FC, South Africa), Nafian Alionzi (Defence Forces FC, Ethiopia), Charles Lukwago (Venda FC, South Africa)

Defenders: Elvis Bwomono (St. Mirren FC, Scotland), James Begisa (URA FC, Uganda), Isaac Muleme (Viktoria Zizkov, Czech Republic), Abdu Aziizi Kayondo (FC Sloven Liberec, Czech Republic), Joseph Ochaya (Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC, Egypt), Bevis Mugabi (Famagusta Anorthosis, Greece), Elio Capradossi (Unattached), Halid Lwaliwa (Al Ain, Saudi Arabia), Arnold Odongo (SC Villa, Uganda), Timothy Awany (FC Ashdod, Israel), Kenneth Semakula (Club Africaine, Tunisia)

Midfielders: Khalid Aucho (Yanga Africans, Tanzania), Bobosi Byaruhanga (Austin II FC, USA), Joel Sserunjogi (KCCA FC, Uganda), Ronald Ssekiganda (SC Villa, Uganda), Travis Mutyaba (Zamalek SC, Egypt), Saidi Mayanja (KCCA FC, Uganda)

Forwards: Denis Omedi (Kitara FC, Uganda), Jude Ssemugabi (Kitara FC, Uganda), Joackiam Ojera (Al Mokawloon Al Arab Sc, Uganda), Muhammad Shaban (Al Hilal Benghazi, Libya), Steven Mukwala (Simba SC, Tanzania), Calvin Kabuye (Sandvikens IF, Sweden), Allan Okello (Vipers SC, Uganda), Rogers Mato (FC Brera Strumica, North Macedonia)

Nkosiyabuya Sithole

Nkosiyabuya Sithole, a young and rising sports journalist based in Durban, South Africa, harbors a deep passion for football. Nevertheless, he aspires to become a well-rounded journalist, adept in various areas of the field.

Nkosi's career began in 2020, working as a home-based writer during the COVID-19 pandemic. He has since written for various websites, including Briefly News, FiND-iT News, and The South African. Attending live sporting events is a particular pleasure for him, as they provide opportunities for interaction with sports personalities.

Outside of the office, he's a God-fearing and affable young man.

Latest articles
What Cardoso said after Sundowns triumphed over Richards Bay
Ex-Bafana & Dortmund star on being snubbed by SA ‘big three’
Pirates & Stellenbosch dealt huge blow ahead of league fixtures 
Sundowns secure hard-fought win over stubborn Richards Bay
Chiefs advised on how to improve in the New Year
What Cardoso said after Sundowns triumphed over Richards Bay
Ex-Bafana & Dortmund star on being snubbed by SA ‘big three’
Pirates & Stellenbosch dealt huge blow ahead of league fixtures 
Sundowns secure hard-fought win over stubborn Richards Bay
Chiefs advised on how to improve in the New Year
AFRIK-FOOT
BAFANA BAFANA LATEST NEWS
BAFANA BAFANA VS UGANDA: PREVIEW, TIME AND WHERE TO WATCH

You May Also Like

What Cardoso said after Sundowns triumphed over Richards Bay
Ex-Bafana & Dortmund star on being snubbed by SA ‘big three’
Pirates & Stellenbosch dealt huge blow ahead of league fixtures 
Sundowns secure hard-fought win over stubborn Richards Bay

African football, our passion

Afrik-Foot, with a rich history of over 13 years of covering African football and South African football, in particular, is a reliable source for information on events like the Africa Cup of Nations, PSL and CAF Champions League. The platform also keeps you up-to-date with Bafana Bafana news, as well as the latest about Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates and other star South African footballers.

ABOUT US
CONTACT US
JOURNALIST CHARTER
TERMS OF USE

© AFRIK-FOOT - 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.afrik-foot.com/en-za/bafana-bafana-vs-uganda-preview-time-and-where-to-watch 
 ----- 
