NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays' Vladimir Guerrero Jr. goes hitless vs. Marlins, comes one hit shy of 200
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 30, 2024 - 3:04am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:7508674e82259f4579fd9d1d Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Watch as Vladimir Guerrero Jr. receives a standing ovation from the Toronto Blue Jays home crowd after subbing out in the team's 2024 season finale.
27 comments

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has been one of the best hitters in baseball this season, but his hunt for 200 hits came up just short on Sunday afternoon.

After going 2-for-5 on Friday, Guerrero has two games to record the milestone knock but went 0-for-4 on Saturday and 0-for-2 with two walks on Sunday.

After working a full count in the eighth inning against Miami Marlins reliever Lake Bachar, the 25-year-old took a low-and-away fastball, earning a free pass to first base and ending his 2024 campaign.

How Guerrero Jr. displayed maturity in his final at-bat of season
Hazel Mae and Shi Davidi discuss how the Blue Jays can bounce back from a disappointing season, including the absolute need to find a way to extend Vladimir Guerrero Jr.'s contract.
Play Video

Manager John Schneider subbed in Nathan Lukes to pinch run for Guerrero, who exited to a standing ovation from the Rogers Centre faithful.

In his first trip to the plate, Guerrero worked a five-pitch walk before grounding out to short in his second and striking out in his third.

The Blue Jays moved the four-time All-Star to the leadoff spot for Sunday's contest in hopes of getting Guerrero to the plate as many times as possible to get to hit No. 200.

Guerrero would have been the first Blue Jays player to reach 200 hits since Vernon Wells collected a team-record 215 in 2003. Other Blue Jays to cross the 200-hit mark are Tony Fernandez (213, 1986), Paul Molitor (211, 1993), Shannon Stewart (202, 2001) and John Olerud (200, 1993).

Only Bobby Witt Jr. of the Kansas City Royals and Luis Arraez currently have more hits than Guerrero this season.

MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
What arb deadline means for Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: Deals ahead of deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MLBSportsnet Staff
Mariners claim P Hagen Danner from Blue Jays
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBAssociated Press
Padres' Seidler denies allegations of wrongdoing
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-vladimir-guerrero-jr-goes-hitless-vs-marlins-comes-one-hit-shy-of-200/ 
 ----- 
