NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
What does the Blue Jays' early off-season look like?
Ben Nicholson-Smith
@bnicholsonsmith
September 30, 2024 - 10:31am
Blue Jays have plenty to fix as they leave behind disastrous season
Jamie Campbell, Madison Shipman, and Joe Siddall discuss the end of the Toronto Blue Jays' disappointing season, and what first steps can be taken to right the ship in the offseason.
Play Video
Jamie Campbell, Madison Shipman, and Joe Siddall discuss the end of the Toronto Blue Jays' disappointing season, and what first steps can be taken to right the ship in the offseason.
210 comments

TORONTO — Some seasons build to a climactic moment that’s remembered — fondly or otherwise — for years to come. And then you have the 2024 Blue Jays, a disappointing team that sputtered to the finish Sunday afternoon and ended the season with a third consecutive loss to the Miami Marlins.

The Blue Jays finish the season 74-88, last in the American League East. While they end up with the seventh-worst record in baseball, they have the fifth-best odds of securing the No. 1 overall pick in December’s draft lottery (7.48 per cent) because the White Sox and Athletics are ineligible to pick first, thanks to MLB's rule preventing teams that don't receive revenue sharing from getting a lottery selection in consecutive drafts. 

That’s still a few months off, though, and those results are entirely out of the team’s control. In the meantime, there’s still lots for the Blue Jays to do — even in the month or so remaining before free agency opens. Starting with the players and moving to the manager and front office, let’s look at the immediate next steps for the Blue Jays:

PLAYERS: REST AND REHAB

As the season came to an end, Bo Bichette (finger) could be spotted at Rogers Centre with his right hand wrapped up, Will Wagner (knee) was walking around on crutches and Daulton Varsho (shoulder) was sidelined from baseball activities after undergoing surgery. Meanwhile, pitchers Jordan Romano and Alek Manoah continued rehabbing their respective elbow injuries away from the team.

The next step for that group is simple: rest and recover. And realistically, the same logic applies to those who made it through the season healthy. Six months of near-daily games takes a toll mentally and physically, and many players dedicate a few weeks to recovery early in the off-season.

On the other hand, some players want even more reps. Leo Jimenez, Luis De Los Santos and Steward Berroa are all considering winter ball, and those decisions could be finalized in the next few weeks. But eventually, the off-season will ramp up again with players plunging back into more intense workouts and keeping tabs on transactions from afar.

“I’ll check the trade rumours in case I’m in them, but hopefully won’t obsess over it too much,” one player said.

MANAGER: EXIT MEETINGS AND OFF-SEASON CHECK-INS

As the season came to an end, manager John Schneider and his staff started meeting with players in person to make sure they’re aligned on goals for the off-season. In the course of those meetings, the Blue Jays shared objective data on offence, defence and baserunning — with more available upon request.

“It's happening quicker than I would have hoped, obviously,” Schneider said this past weekend. “In years past, you never know when the season is going to end. (This year), you want to try to do that in person as much as you can without letting (players) get their foot off the gas.”

Before heading home to Florida, Schneider will remain in Toronto for the early part of this week and his conversations with players or staff will continue from Rogers Centre. At some point, Schneider will also connect with GM Ross Atkins to compare notes on what’s next for the players and the coaching staff.

"I've had conversations with Ross already, and we'll have more (talks) into next week about what the first part of the off-season looks like,” Schneider said. 

Decades ago players and coaches might have had full work-life separation over the winter, but those lines are now blurred. Compared to the stress of daily games, the off-season still offers a mental break, but players are still expected to stay in shape and stay in touch with the coaching staff.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:7990c1a33a5fe7c3328e06e2 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

At first, Schneider aims to give his players space, but after October the Blue Jays connect “at least a couple times a month with everybody.” Some of those conversations are simply over text, but a lot of it happens at the Blue Jays’ player development complex in Dunedin, Florida.

Many Blue Jays spend the off-season within driving distance of the PDC, allowing them to use “all the resources that they may not have other places” while spending time with staff and teammates. Coaches including DeMarlo Hale, Pete Walker and Gil Kim are in Florida for some or all of the winter, along with the team’s strength and conditioning staff. 

“Listening to (players) that were here for the first time in spring, they're like, ‘Wow, this is this is like baseball nirvana for an off-season.’” Schneider said. “I mean, it's got everything you need.”

Early in the off-season, Schneider works from the PDC once or twice per week, but that frequency gradually ramps up until he’s there every morning except Tuesdays, when he can usually be found on the golf course.

FRONT OFFICE: PERSONNEL DECISIONS AND OFF-SEASON PLANNING

Remember four years ago, when the Blue Jays signed Robbie Ray to a free-agent deal on Nov. 7 on the way to a Cy Young season? That deal doesn’t happen unless a clear off-season plan is already in place by the time free agency opens, which is why the next few weeks are so important for the Blue Jays ahead of a high-stakes winter.

This is the time to learn everything they can about free agents and identify the best fits for the 2025 Blue Jays. No detail is too small to consider, whether it’s a hitter’s tendencies against four-seam fastballs or a pitcher’s stated preference for teams that make their spring homes in Florida. More information now can lead to a more targeted approach when free agency opens, ideally leading to a better roster in 2025.

It’s also time to review the depth charts of the 29 other big-league organizations to identify trade possibilities ahead of next month’s GM Meetings. And internally, the Blue Jays need to decide on the structure of next year’s coaching staff while back-filling some key front-office roles, including their vacant director of pitching development position. It’s a lot to do.

Of course that’s all assuming that Atkins is returning as GM, and while he’s under contract through 2026 and seems likely to return, president Mark Shapiro didn’t definitely say that Atkins would return when asked last month. One way or another, there should be clarity soon, as the Blue Jays are expected to hold a season-ending availability with Shapiro and/or Atkins sometime this week.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays must embrace lessons learned from trying season to come back stronger in 2025
Blue Jays finish with fifth-best odds at top pick in 2025 draft
MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
What arb deadline means for Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: Deals ahead of deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MLBSportsnet Staff
Mariners claim P Hagen Danner from Blue Jays
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBAssociated Press
Padres' Seidler denies allegations of wrongdoing
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/what-does-the-blue-jays-early-off-season-look-like/ 
 ----- 
