Skip to content
33°
Springfield, MO
News
Weather
Sports
Ozarks Sports Zone
On Your Side
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
6 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Not long since 100-loss seasons, the Royals and Orioles meet in an AL Wild Card Series
Kansas City Royals shortstop Bobby Witt Jr., center has champagne poured on him by teammates during the celebration in the locker room after a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Friday, Sept. 27, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)(Jason Allen | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 30, 2024 at 10:02 PM UTC

BALTIMORE (AP) — Adley Rutschman and Bobby Witt Jr. were the top two picks of baseball’s 2019 amateur draft, back when the Baltimore Orioles and Kansas City Royals were among the worst teams in the sport.

“It’s pretty crazy,” Witt said Monday. “Now we’re matching up in the postseason.”

Rutschman and the Orioles host Witt and the Royals in an AL Wild Card Series of two teams with 100-loss seasons not far back in the rearview mirror. For Kansas City, it was last season, and their 30-win improvement ranks as one of the most impressive turnarounds over the past half-century.

Game 1 is Tuesday at Camden Yards. The winner of the best-of-three series faces the New York Yankees in the Division Series.

“This is something I’ve dreamed about since I was a kid,” said Witt, who hit .332 to win the AL batting title. “Going into the last offseason, this was the goal and we’re here now. We just got to keep working.”

The Royals went from 56-106 to 86-76, enough for the second wild card. Only five teams made a bigger leap from one season to the next, a group that includes Baltimore from 2021 to ‘22.

That was after the Orioles lost more than 100 games in three consecutive full seasons. But with Rutschman, Gunnar Henderson and other prospects resulting from those dark days, they won the AL East a year ago and got a taste of the playoffs — a Division Series defeat to the eventual champion Texas.

Henderson hopes he and his teammates are more “battle-tested” this time around.

“Last year’s experience of what that felt like at the end when we did have this kind of fairytale season and the quick exit, I’m hoping that these guys still have that taste in their mouth going into this postseason,” manager Brandon Hyde said. “I think they do.”

Late-season struggles

The parallels are not just historic. The Royals and Orioles at times this season were dominant, but each had second-half struggles that endangered reaching October.

Kansas City had two separate seven-game skids over the past five weeks. Baltimore lost 11 of 16 games from Sept. 4-22.

“There’s very rarely a team that goes through a season without some sort of a rough patch,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. “But whether that’s two games, four games, seven games — whatever your losing streaks are — these guys in this clubhouse are so resilient. They bounce back. They really do the best job I’ve ever seen of turning the page from one day to the next.”

The Royals join NL East champion Philadelphia as the only teams to go into this year’s playoffs under .500 over their prior 10 games. The Orioles were at least able to finish 4-2 to recapture some swagger.

“I think we fought ourselves a lot the second half of playing good baseball and then kind of struggling for a little bit,” Game 1 starter Corbin Burnes said. “To see how we played this last week was good. We got the offense swinging the bats, pitching we threw the ball well. It’s a good momentum builder going into the postseason.”

Aces on the mound

The 4:08 p.m. EDT start time and the markets involved do not make this a marquee series, but the pitching matchup in the opener is certainly popcorn worthy with a couple of All-Stars getting the nod: Burnes and Cole Ragans. The Orioles have not decided on starters for later games but going with Burnes in the opener was a no-brainer after the 2021 NL Cy Young Award winner had a 1.20 ERA in five September starts.

“He’s a guy that can beat anybody on any night,” Hyde said. “If Corbin Burnes is pitching, you expect to win that night and that’s how our guys feel.”

The Royals feel the same way about Ragans, the ace of their strong rotation. Seth Lugo is expected to take the mound for Game 2 on Wednesday.

“They trust me, so you just put in the work behind the scenes, prepare the best I can prepare and give our team the best chance I can to win a ballgame,” Ragans said. “That’s all my goal’s been all year is just to win. Nothing changes just because it’s the playoffs. Same routine, same mindset going in and go from there.”

Injury questions

Baltimore got three key players back late in the regular season: first baseman Ryan Mountcastle, third baseman Ramón Urías and infielder Jordan Westburg. Kansas City is still hoping first baseman Vinnie Pasquantino can return soon after breaking his right thumb Aug. 29.

“He’s been pushing it pretty hard since the surgery,” Quatraro said before pumping the brakes about how limited Pasquantino might be. “He will not be able to play first base if he is cleared at all.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.

Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.

Husband missing half his heart after wife of 25 years killed in fire: ‘She wa...
AT&T employee accused of adding unwanted lines to customer accoun...
LifeMD
|
Sponsored by Taboola
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Van falls through ice on lake while delivering food to fisherman
19-year-old woman escapes naked after ‘friends’ kidnap, attack and rob...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Never Wear New Clothes Before Washing, Here's Why
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Here's What You Should Pay for a Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check...
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Get a taste of Oregon’s unique flavors
From Dungeness crab to fresh oyster s, berry picking to lavender snippin...
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Norelie
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Buick Surpasses Expectations Once Again: See The New...
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Latest News
O-Zone: SPS AD Josh Scott talks new additions to Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Link Academy HC Chad Myers talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Central HC Jordan Epps talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
O-Zone: Parkview HC Jack Simpson talks ahead of Tournament of Champions
 Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
Special Olympics announces Springfield as host city for 2025 State Outdoor Games
Jets interview Chiefs' Nagy and Borgonzi and Eagles' Halaby for vacancies
 Athlete of the Week: India Willis, Macks Creek girls basketball
News
Weather
Sports
About KY3
KY3
999 West Sunshine Street
Springfield, MO 65807
(417) 268-3000
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File
publicfile@ky3.com - (417) 268-3000
FCC Applications
Advertising
Closed Captioning or Audio Description
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ky3.com/2024/09/30/not-long-since-100-loss-seasons-royals-orioles-meet-an-al-wild-card-series/ 
 ----- 
