MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Taifa Stars face Mongolia in Fifa Series match today
Monday, March 25, 2024

Tanzania national football team (Taifa Stars) players train in Baku, Azerbaijan, ahead of today’s match against Mongolia in the FIFA Series friendly. PHOTO | COURTESY

By 
Majuto Omary

Sports Reporter

Mwananchi Communications Ltd

What you need to know:
The match has been scheduled to kick off at 4pm Tanzanian time at the Liv Bona Dea Arena in Baku, Azerbaijan.

Dar es Salaam. The national football team (Taifa Stars) today face Mongolia in their second international match of the world football governing body (FIFA)’s Series.

The match has been scheduled to kick off at 4pm Tanzanian time at the Liv Bona Dea Arena in Baku, Azerbaijan.

Taifa Stars need victory in the encounter following the disappointing result in the first game against Bulgaria, who won 1-0.

RELATED
Taifa Stars release Yanga and Simba players ahead of CAF Champions league quarterfinals
Sports Mar 23

Taifa Stars interim head coach Hemed "Morocco" Suleiman predicted a tough match, saying that despite the climate challenges, his players are in high spirit to win the encounter. 

"We are in very cold climate, but somehow my players have been adapted with it…although it is not 100 percent… It is going to be a tough match as we are facing one of the countries that have attained football development,” said Suleiman.

Suleiman explained that Taifa Stars have potential players despite some of the key players having been allowed to join their clubs ahead of the CAF Champions League matches.

“We have released about five players ahead of the CAF Champions League matches including Mohammed “Tshabalala” Hussein and Kibu Dennis,  both  from Simba gearing up to face Al Ahly of Egypt on Friday, and others are Clement Mzize, Mudathir Yahya and Ibrahim Bacca, all from Young Africans (Yanga), taking on Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa on Saturday.

“We are still strong ahead of Mongolia’s encounter,” he said.

Aside from Tanzania, other countries that have been given the chance of featuring in the tournament are Algeria, South Africa, Cape Verde, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea and Central African Republic.

The countries will feature in special groups together with teams from other continents such as Europe, the South American Football Confederation (Conmebol), Asia, and North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf).

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
PRIME
 Vanishing Heritage: Tanzania's Hadzabe and Tatoga face climate change threats

Climate change, land encroachment, and socio-economic challenges are accelerating the erosion of their traditional ways of life, threatening their very survival

National 6 hours ago
PRIME
 Shareholder wants IPTL liquidated over ‘discrimination’

Eurasia Holding Limited, which owns a 10 percent stake in IPTL, is calling for the winding-up of the company or, alternatively, payment of $25 million as compensation for its shares

National 8 hours ago
PRIME
 Gold, tourism boom continue to drive Tanzania’s forex earnings

In the year to October 2024, the value of gold exports increased to $3.3 billion from $2.99 billion, while tourism receipts rose by 19.7 percent to $3.68 billion

National 8 hours ago
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/taifa-stars-face-mongolia-in-fifa-series-match-today-4567320 
 ----- 
