Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Vanuatu win opening match of Nations Cup

In an intense and exciting opening game of the OFC Nations Cup it was hosts Vanuatu who took the win over the Solomon Islands.

Kensi Tangis (right) and Alex Saniel celebrates Tangis’ goal. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Solomon Islands – Vanuatu 0-1

Veteran striker Kensi Tangis scored the decisive goal with a header, 20 minutes before full time.

It was a humble goalscorer who spoke to Football in Oceania after the match.

“We all score together. I feel good, because I made my country and myself proud,” Tangis says.

Bright start

It didn’t take long for the chances to come in the first half as Jonathan Spokeyjack got two gigantic opportunities within the first few minutes. His first shot was saved brilliantly by Solomon Islands keeper Phillip Mango, and the rebound hit a Solomon defender and went out.

The Solomons took over the possession, but didn’t create the biggest chances.

They were to fall to Vanuatu with a Bong Kalo and Godine Tenen with a solid volley attempt each during the first half.

The teams lined up for the national anthem before the match (Photo: Ola Bjerkevoll)

But it would end goalless in the first half.

Came out swinging

And in the second it was all about the home side. Where Solomonos had the most of possession in the first half, Vanuatu came out swinging.

They took charge off possession from the whistle and Alex Saniel had a good opportunity with a shot from distance in the first five minutes off the half.

Just a minute later Kalo got a good opportunity when Mango failed to clear a ball, but his shot was cleared off the line by a Solomons defender.

Vanuatu coach Juliano Schmeling decided to change things up for Vanuatu a into the second half, by bringing on veteran striker Kensi Tangis.

And it would prove a master stroke as 34 year old Tangis would score just a few minutes after coming on.

A corner found the head of Tangis who bounced the header in to the ground and over the defender on the first post.

Kensi Tangis (right) and Alex Saniel celebrates Tangis’ goal. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

And that was all it took to win the game.

Solomons tried to find a way back, but could not, and Vanuatu could cheer in front of a packed Freshwater stadium in Port Vila.

Pleased coach

Vanuatu coach Juliano Schmeling was of course a happy man after the game.

When the Solomons had controlled the first half, he told his team to keep doing what they had practiced.

“The Solomons will keep risking and attacking, so what we needed to do was to try to keep it disciplined and to keep the organisation that we have been training, and the space will come. This is what I believe happened. Plus the subs we had as well. We had some quality players on the bench,” he tells Football in Oceania.

Vanuatu’s coach Juliano Schmeling. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

With both teams now having to play favourites New Zealand, and Solomons most likely needing a win in that game, Vanuatu are close to a semi final. But Schmeling won’t take anything for granted just yet.

“For me to start thinking about the semi finals I want to see the result between Solomons and New Zealand, that’s the first step. The next objective for us to focus on is New Zealand. If the semi finals come, it will be amazing. It is obviously pretty close, but I want to wait for the result for the Solomons.”

Missed opportunities

Solomon Islands coach Jacob Moli congratulated Vanuatu on their performance.

“That’s football. One has to win, one has to lose. We had our chances but didn’t put them away and in the end it hurt us,” he tells Football in Oceania.

He had to see Alvin Hou be stretchered off at the end of the first half. Just after the final whistle, he wasn’t entirely sure how serious his injury was.

“I haven’t checked, but I think its a bit serious. We have to go back and reassess the injury and see what we can do after that.”

We followed the game live:

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/15/live-ofc-nations-cup-opening-match/ 
 ----- 
