Toggle search
JESSE MARSCH HAILS CANMNT…
Courtesy: Josh Kim/Canadian Soccer Daily
Jesse Marsch hails CanMNT players’ sense of responsibility in wearing Canada shirt: ‘Like nothing I’ve ever seen’
Brendan Dunlop  @Brendan_Dunlop
2 months ago •

Most international players have had a jammed-up October window with World Cup qualifiers or Nations League games, and maybe a friendly if the scheduling allowed it. The scheduling didn’t allow it for Canada, who played their only game this month against Panama in Toronto after spending nearly a week of camp in Montréal.

Canada veteran Adriana Leon scores clinical brace for Aston Villa in WSL

Montréal wasn’t only a fitness build for Jesse Marsch, whose players are still getting used to the intense style of play the American has instilled since taking the CanMNT job in May; they were building roots in the community and in many ways rebuilding Canada Soccer’s reputation.

While in Quebec last week, where Marsch called home for an entire year when he managed the Montréal Impact in their first season in Major League Soccer back in 2012, the team visited with 10 local soccer clubs, met thousands of local players and parents, and hosted an open training session which was attended by over 1,000 spectators at Stade Saputo.

Sound taxing? Not for Marsch’s players. They loved it.

“Every player is like this, the responsibility they feel to the national team and to the country is different. It’s like nothing I’ve ever seen,” Marsch said on Monday after CanMNT trained at Toronto FC’s training facility in Downsview Park.

That has to feel good, even if it’s starting to feel like Marsch is saying the same thing in 15 different ways. It’s particularly encouraging given everything this fanbase has suffered through over the decades and the last few years with the highs of qualifying for the World Cup for the first time in 36 years, followed by the lows of watching both national teams publicly spar with the CSA in ways that turned off a lot of newfound fans.

Related read: Marsch ‘disappointed’ by USMNT vs. CanMNT viewing figures, says Canada’s ‘heroes’ need to be seen

Repairing those broken relationships and building trust with Canadians is paramount to CEO Kevin Blue’s operation. In Marsch, he’s found a coach who not only understands the importance of that but can instill that sense in his players. With the crop Marsch has at his disposal, it doesn’t take any arm-twisting.

“Growing up and falling in love with the game, our role models often came from players from other countries, the Brazilians, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho and so on. But what makes this team and this group so special, and I think what motivates us as well, is that we have the opportunity now to be role models to the younger generation, so they can look up to us Canadians,” defender Derek Cornelius said while sat next to his head coach on Monday.

“There’s how many Canadian fans walking around now with a Davies or a David jersey? That’s special to us, we’re proud of that, and so we want to continue pushing the game in this country in the right direction, so the young generation can really have role models that are Canadian and that can represent Canada in a good way.”

There has been an undeniable shift in passion for the national team and jersey counts are an easy measurement.

It was virtually impossible to buy a Julian de Guzman, Atiba Hutchinson or Dwayne De Rosario jersey when they were the stars of the CanMNT. Now, you can spot a ‘Davies 19’ shirt at any soccer event in the country on kids of all ages, some even just toddlers.

“Going around to the community, seeing all the young faces, seeing how much we mean to this country. I feel like sometimes, when you’re in the thick of it, you may forget about the impact you’re making on people around Canada,” Cornelius said.

“Looking forward to 2026, it just brings up more excitement that we really are role models to a lot of the young players around the world, and that we do have a responsibility to represent this country in a good way.

“I was already so excited from when I knew the World Cup was going to be in Canada. I started playing football because of World Cups, and I never once imagined being able to play a World Cup on home soil. So now, when I’m seeing the impact it’s having throughout Canada… the impact we’re having is really huge.”

Related read: CanMNT’s Ligue 1 invasion ‘shows that Canadians can play’ says Marseille defender Derek Cornelius

The impact Marsch has had on Cornelius’ international career has been massive. The centre-back has become a virtually irreplaceable half of CanMNT’s top defensive pairing. Standout performances at Copa América earned both Cornelius and Moïse Bombito Ligue 1 moves with the 26-year-old teaming up with Ismaël Koné at Marseille after a year and a half at Swedish champions Malmö.

It’s not lost on Marsch and his players just how big of a moment awaits in a little over a year and a half when Toronto and Vancouver will host a combined 13 World Cup games. Having had the experience of 2022, football’s biggest stage won’t feel so new and foreign in 2026.

“As a player [it] makes me feel how much more exciting it can be if we have a run like we did in Copa America at a World Cup now, with the entire world watching; how special that would be,” Cornelius said. “It’s just more exciting, but also more motivating to really make sure that we do the work now that’s going to be able to make us successful for the World Cup that’s going to be coming in less than two years.”

Reaching the semi-finals at Copa América is more successful than many Canadians could’ve imagined when CONCACAF and CONMEBOL announced the expanded 16-team edition. It’s put the program on a new trajectory after it looked like wheels might be sliding backwards again after the highs of ending Canada’s 36-year men’s World Cup drought.

“There’s so much to be done,” Marsch said. “I look at it as sort of two aspects of this job. One is everything we’re trying to achieve with the first team, and the other is how we’re trying to impact grassroots soccer, the youth movement and development and support. Juggling these two responsibilities requires a lot of energy and a lot of investment and time, but I feel like we’re on track in both ways.

“We have goals and in all areas, we’re moving forward probably ahead of schedule.”

Search
Search
Recent Articles
Vancouver Rise make ex-CanWNT defender Shannon Woeller first signing to ’set the tone’ for NSL founding club
Alphonso Davies returns to Bayern Munich training ahead of schedule after injury
WATCH: CanWNT No. 1 Kailen Sheridan’s stunning kick stop wins Canada Soccer save of the year
Northern Super League’s Vancouver Rise sign ex-CanWNT defender Shannon Woeller as first-ever player
Vancouver Whitecaps fan starts GoFundMe page to buy the club to prevent VWFC relocation
Follow us on social!
Vancouver Rise make ex-CanWNT defender Shannon Woeller first signing to ’set the tone’ for NSL founding club
By HAR
Alphonso Davies returns to Bayern Munich training ahead of schedule after injury
By Canadian Soccer Daily staff
Read Newsletter

Want more Canadian Soccer Daily direct to your inbox?

Email address
 I accept the terms and privacy policy
 SUBSCRIBE

Your email address will be stored by Canadian Soccer Daily so that we can send you Canadian Soccer Daily updates by email. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details about your data privacy and your rights please see our privacy policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canadiansoccerdaily.com/2024/10/15/jesse-marsch-hails-canmnt-players-sense-of-responsibility-in-wearing-canada-shirt-like-nothing-ive-ever-seen/ 
 ----- 
