NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Soccer
Fixtures
Tables
Three moves we'd love to see Canada make against Panama
James Sharman
@jamessharman
October 15, 2024 - 9:34am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2024-12-17:aac1a72ac16a73b91ed9f4ea Player Element ID: vjs_video_949
OK
Close Modal Dialog
James Sharman joins Faizal Khamisa to break down the new players called up by Jesse Marsch, with names like Jamie Knight-Lebel, Kwasi Poku, and Ali Ahmed, who might be the next name bound for Europe, and the future of Canada's midfield.
0 comments

It has been a long time since we last saw the Canadian men’s national team on home soil. Remember that dreadful 3-2 loss to Jamaica in the Nations League back in November of last year? I’ll forgive you if you had forgotten about it — it was tortuous!

Of course, those were different days for this program. Ever since that fateful night, the men’s team has been on a very different trajectory.

Despite that loss, Canada would qualify for Copa América, where of course it earned accolades as THE surprise team in that brilliant and unexpected run to the semifinals under the guidance of new head coach Jesse Marsch.

As for the team itself, the meat of the squad that allowed Jamaica three second-half goals still makes up the current group that returns to the national stadium. In that defeat, Milan Borjan was in goal, Mark Anthony-Kaye came off the bench and Steven Vitoria was still on the roster. There has been some significant turnover since then. In fact, with 17 players under the age of 25 on the roster today, Marsch’s squad for the Panama match on Tuesday is dominated by youth.

We do need to remember that this test will be a friendly and, as is the case with friendlies, it does allow a coach to experiment and try some new things. The trouble is that with relatively few opportunities to gather as a group between now and next summer’s Gold Cup, and then of course the 2026 World Cup a year later, you can forgive Marsch for wanting to get his preferred group on the pitch at the same time as much as possible.

There is also the small matter of next month's Nations League quarterfinals. Big! The Nations League provides Canada with a genuine opportunity to win a trophy and it needs to be taken seriously. With that in mind, I expect Marsch to field a strong team to start the match on Tuesday, but the likelihood of seeing some new and fresh faces as the match progresses is strong.

So, all that said, here are three managerial moves I am interested to see. To be clear, I do not necessarily think we will see these, but I would like to see these nonetheless:

• Kwasi Poku given some significant time to show the coaching staff what he has to offer. Call this purely selfish, but as a fan of the Canadian Premier League, I want to see a CPL product blast his way onto the big stage. Since his mid-season move from Forge FC to RWD Molenbeek in Belgium, the Brampton, Ont., native has not skipped a beat with three goals in six matches. With an ability to play across the front three, Poku offers Canada’s attack some real versatility, and attacking depth can never be taken for granted.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Location
Error Code: PLAYER_ERR_GEO_RESTRICTED
Technical details :
Video is unavailable from your current location.
Session ID: 2024-12-17:b6dc9664a8444aa0bd67b747 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

• Alphonso Davies and Sam Adekugbe reignite their bromance on the left. This would mean a couple of “massively” controversial changes. Firstly, it means Davies pushes further forward from his and Marsch’s preferred full-back position. Secondly, it means Jacob Shaffelburg loses his spot, which sounds ludicrous given his form for his country. And it is, but this is a friendly, right? Remember, Adekugbe was John Herdman’s go-to left-back for some of Canada’s most important matches in history. His lung-busting runs, brutal tackling, and the ability to dive into a snowbank have become part of Canadian soccer lore. Injury has prevented Marsch from utilizing the Vancouver man properly, but linking the two dynamic forces once again is worth a shot.

• Let’s just keep this Mathieu Choinière and Stephen Eustaquio central midfield partnership together for some more reps to let it marinate and mature, as it could be a key component in the coming years. This is no statement on Ismaël Koné, who misses out again through injury, but with Choinière now playing his football at stepping-stone club Grasshopper in Switzerland, he is officially on the scene. Against Mexico and the U.S. last month, he demonstrated versatility and a real desire to want the ball at his feet, even in a more advanced role at times. Koné still trends as the heir apparent to Atiba Hutchinson, but with the arrival of Adrien Rabiot at Marseille, he will be in a battle for minutes at his club. Canada’s midfield suddenly looks deeper than perhaps it ever has, and developing some new partnerships seems like a smart move on the coaching staff's part.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
‘Dreamers are rewarded’: Budding talent Kwasi Poku looks to shine for Canada
MLS continues to be essential pipeline for development of Canadian players
SOCCER NEWS
5:00
SoccerSportsnet Video
What would make it an ideal 2025 for the Canadian MNT?
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
MORE HEADLINES
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
La LigaAssociated Press
Barcelona's Lamine Yamal out with ankle injury
La LigaAssociated Press
Roundup: Barcelona falls, Atletico earns win
SoccerCanadian Press
Canada coach expecting a tough 2025 schedule
SoccerAssociated Press
UEFA doubles prize money for Women's Euro 2025

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/three-moves-wed-love-to-see-canada-make-against-panama/ 
 ----- 
