NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Soccer
Fixtures
Tables
Jonathan David's late goal lifts Canada over Panama in international soccer friendly
Canadian Press
October 15, 2024 - 11:09pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2024-12-17:993ae42bfbed2760fa0fdb30 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Watch as Canada's Jonathan David takes a feed from Liam Millar to score a go-ahead goal late in the game against Panama.
1 comments

TORONTO — In tough conditions against a physical opponent, Canada found a way to win Tuesday.

Jonathan David's 87th-minute strike gave Canada a scrappy 2-1 victory over Panama in a men's soccer friendly. Liam Millar set up the goal with a cross that David acrobatically knocked in past Panama goalkeeper Orlando Mosquera for his 30th career goal before an announced crowd of 23,315 at BMO Field.

The 38th-ranked Canadians dominated the first half but found themselves in a contest with No. 37 Panama in the second half.

"It was nice to see that when the game wasn't so easy that we rose to the challenge," said Canada coach Jesse Marsch.

"We're resilient. We don't give up easy," added Canada captain Alphonso Davies.

The game was played in cool, windy conditions on a bumpy pitch that is home to both Toronto FC and the Toronto Argonauts.

Cyle Larin gave Canada the lead in the 44th minute with his 30th goal. But Panama substitute Jose Fajardo tied it in the 69th minute, put in behind the defence and chipping it past goalkeeper Maxime Crepeau after Canada lost the ball in midfield.

Larin and David top the Canadian men's scoring list.

It was a game long on remonstration and short on inspiration, save for David's winner. And it ended in chippy fashion with emotions running high.

Canada led the way in a scrappy first half, moving the ball around and trying to probe the Panama defence. The visitors looked to defend and counterattack.

While the Canadians turned the screw as halftime approached, their finishing lacked crispness and it took a Panama blunder to produce a goal.

That came courtesy of the Canadian press. Panama captain Anibal Godoy, under pressure from Stephen Eustaquio and David, gave the ball away as the Central Americans tried to play it out from a goal kick. Instead the ball went to Ali Ahmed, who found an unmarked Larin in front of goal for an easy finish.

Panama offered more in the second half with Canada looking sloppy at times. Mosquera made a spectacular save to parry substitute Theo Bair's header in the 84th minute to preserve the tie.

The game, Marsch's first on Canadian soil as Canada coach, was a warm-up for CONCACAF Nations League quarterfinal play, with Canada hosting the second leg of the tie scheduled for Nov. 19 at BMO Field.

Panama was coming off a 2-0 weekend loss to the 18th-ranked U.S. on Saturday in Austin, Texas in Mauricio Pochettino's debut as American coach.

Canada, which could not find another opponent for this international window, last played in September when it drew 0-0 with No. 17 Mexico and defeated the U.S. 2-1. Before that, it finished fourth at this summer's Copa America after losing to No. 11 Uruguay in a penalty shootout.

Panama, which beat the U.S. 2-1 in group play, made it to the Copa quarterfinals before losing 5-0 to ninth-ranked Colombia. 

Canada's starting 11 came into Tuesday's match with a combined 385 caps, with only Ahmed (nine caps) and Mathieu Choiniere (seven caps) with single-digit appearances.

It was a cool, windy 9 C, feeling like 6 C at kickoff, with some occasional light rain at BMO Field. The Panama players scored points for shedding their warm-up jackets and giving them to the young mascots lined up in front of them during the pre-game anthems.

Panama scored in the eighth minute, on a Abdiel Ayarza shot that deflected in off a Canadian defender from a corner, but the goal was negated for offside.

American referee Tori Penso was kept busy, keeping a lid on things in a first half that saw Canada — with the wind at its back — have 57 per cent possession and outshoot Panama 7-2 (4-0 in shots on target).

Marsch sent on Jonathan Osorio, Millar, Theo Bair, Nathan Saliba, Joel Waterman and Kwasi Poku (for his first cap) in the second half.

Defender Moise Bombito was a standout for Canada, with the crowd chanting his name at one point.

"A surreal moment, for real, because I grew up watching Canada my whole life," said the 24-year-old Montreal native who plays for Nice in France. "And to be able to represent my country in front of 23,000-plus fans, some of them chanting my name, was a really surreal moment which I will cherish for a long time."

Canada improved to 6-2-6 all-time against Panama and 3-3-5 under Marsch, with one of those ties turning into the shootout loss to Uruguay and another a shootout win over No. 40 Venezuela, also at Copa America.

They had not played at home since a 3-2 loss to Jamaica last November in the return leg of the Nations League quarterfinal, before an announced crowd of 17,588 at BMO Field.

That defeat snapped a record 17-game home undefeated run (15-0-2) for Canada — since a 3-0 loss to Mexico in March 2016 in a World Cup qualifier at Vancouver — and a 22-game unbeaten run at BMO Field (15-0-7), dating back to a 2-0 loss to Peru in September 2010.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
‘Dreamers are rewarded’: Budding talent Kwasi Poku looks to shine for Canada
Jesse Marsch: ‘I’d much rather coach Canada than the U.S. right now’
SOCCER NEWS
5:00
SoccerSportsnet Video
What would make it an ideal 2025 for the Canadian MNT?
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
MORE HEADLINES
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
La LigaAssociated Press
Barcelona's Lamine Yamal out with ankle injury
La LigaAssociated Press
Roundup: Barcelona falls, Atletico earns win
SoccerCanadian Press
Canada coach expecting a tough 2025 schedule
SoccerAssociated Press
UEFA doubles prize money for Women's Euro 2025

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/jonathan-davids-late-goal-lifts-canada-over-panama-in-international-soccer-friendly/ 
 ----- 
