SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
Canada beat Panama in Jesse Marsch's home debut
MLSsoccer staff

Wednesday, Oct 16, 2024, 01:47 AM

Jesse Marsch had a victorious home debut as Canada's head coach, with Les Rouges beating Panama 2-1 Tuesday night at Toronto FC's BMO Field.

CanMNT's only friendly of the October FIFA international window ended in triumph thanks to goals from Cyle Larin and Jonathan David, who both reached 30 tallies all-time for Canada.

Larin, the former Orlando City SC standout, got things going for the hosts just before halftime, first-timing Vancouver Whitecaps FC winger Ali Ahmed's service into the box after Nashville SC's Aníbal Godoy made a mess of things in the back for Los Canaleros.

Panama threatened to play spoiler in the 69th minute, when former D.C. United striker José Fajardo chipped Portland Timbers goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau to level the score.

However, David avoided the upset three minutes from full-time, cooly finishing off a give-and-go with Liam Millar and setting off a dramatic celebration for Les Rouges.

Goals
44' - CAN - Cyle Larin | WATCH
69' - PAN - José Fajardo | WATCH
87' - CAN - Jonathan David | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: Eleven games into his tenure, Marsch finally got the chance to manage Les Rouges on home soil. While not quite as riveting as their performances en route to a fourth-place finish at the 2024 Copa América, Canada got the job done as their preparation ahead of co-hosting the 2026 FIFA World Cup hits another gear.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Canada were in danger of settling for a disappointing draw before David's late winner put everything in its right place for the hosts.

Jonathan David gives Canada the lead!! 🇨🇦 pic.twitter.com/asuVcflg6L

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) October 16, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: Ahmed continues to impress as he gets more national team minutes, delivering an assist in Larin's opener to highlight another standout shift for Canada.
Next Up
CAN: Thursday, November 14 vs. TBD | Concacaf Nations League
PAN: Thursday, November 14 vs. TBD | Concacaf Nations League
MLSsoccer staff -
@mls
CANADA
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
Atlanta United name Chris Henderson chief soccer officer, sporting director
San Diego FC roster tracker: Every signing for 2025 MLS expansion team
More News
2025 MLS Transfers: Tracking every club's roster moves
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire sign defender Jack Elliott
Transfer Tracker
Orlando City sign Colin Guske from MLS NEXT Pro
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas sign Pedro Martins from MLS NEXT Pro
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
Video
0:45
MLS, Fanatics announce release of Topps MLS Debut Patch Autograph cards
1:31
MLS Wrap-Up
MLS Cup champs LA Galaxy starting a new dynasty?
4:00
MLS Wrap-Up
Dejan Joveljić: MLS Cup is "back where it belongs"
3:31
MLS Wrap-Up
How LA Galaxy turned things around to win record sixth MLS Cup
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-beat-panama-in-jesse-marsch-s-home-debut 
 ----- 
