English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / Women’s Asia Cup 2024 Final: India vs Sri Lanka MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips - Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

Women’s Asia Cup 2024 Final: India vs Sri Lanka MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips - Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
India and Sri Lanka have both stayed undefeated in reaching the final of the Women's Asia Cup 2024.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 27 Jul 2024 09:11 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: July 28, 2024
Time : 3:00 PM IST
Venue : Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium, Dambulla
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

In the final of the Women’s Asia Cup 2024, India will play against Sri Lanka at the Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium in Dambulla. On the road to the final, the Indian cricket team dominated the entire competition, getting the better of Pakistan, UAE, Nepal, and Bangladesh in the semi-final with great ease. Meanwhile, the hosts Sri Lanka have played some good cricket in the Women’s Asia Cup 2024, winning all their matches to reach the grand finale.

Weather Report




Pitch Report




Analysis

The Indian cricket team have batted and bowled splendidly right throughout the Women’s Asia Cup 2024, scoring big runs and restricting oppositions to lower scores regularly. Some of the top performers for India in the tournament are Smriti Mandhana, Shafali Verma, the captain Harmanpreet Kaur, Deepti Sharma, Pooja Vastrakar, and Radha Yadav.

Meanwhile, the Sri Lanka cricket team have been just as decent with the bat and ball in the Women’s Asia Cup 2024, to ensure that they reached the final without suffering a defeat. The captain Chamari Athapaththu, Kavisha Dilhari, Anushka Sanjeewani, Sugandika Kumari, and Udeshika Prabodhini are going to be the key players for Sri Lanka in the upcoming grand finale of the tournament.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

India: Smriti Mandhana, Shafali Verma, Dayalan Hemalatha, Harmanpreet Kaur (c), Jemimah Rodrigues, Richa Ghosh (wk), Deepti Sharma, Pooja Vastrakar, Radha Yadav, Shreyanka Patil, Renuka Thakur

Sri Lanka: Vishmi Gunaratne, Chamari Athapaththu (c), Harshitha Samarawickrama, Kavisha Dilhari, Nilakshikha Silva, Anushka Sanjeewani (wk), Hasini Perera, Sugandika Kumari, Achini Kulasuriya, Inoshi Priyadharshani, Udeshika Prabodhini

Fantasy Teams




Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Richa Ghosh, Anushka Sanjeewani
Batters : Smriti Mandhana, Shafali Verma, Chamari Athapaththu, Harshitha Samarawickrama, Nilakshikha Silva
All-Rounders : Deepti Sharma, Pooja Vastrakar, Kavisha Dilhari
Bowlers : Radha Yadav, Renuka Thakur, Sugandika Kumari, Udeshika Prabodhini

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

03 January 2025

On This Day: South Africa and India played shortest-ever Test in history in 2024

03 January 2025

Embrace the change: Lewis Hamilton’s first comment after joining Ferrari ahead of 2025 F1 season

03 January 2025

WATCH: Saim Ayub suffers twisted ankle during Cape Town Test; gets helped off the field

03 January 2025

WATCH: Viral video of Australian crowd making racist chants towards Indian fans during MCG Test last month

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/womens-asia-cup-2024-final-ind-vs-sl-dream11-fantasy-tips-india-vs-sri-lanka-fantasy-team-head-to-head-captain-probable-xi-and-more 
 ----- 
