Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Spin rate, pitch mix mark Olson's emergence
Share
Spin rate, pitch mix mark Olson's emergence
Right-hander quiets Dodgers' bats, has 1.40 ERA in 4 Sept. starts in Detroit's rotation
September 21st, 2023

Jason Beck

@beckjason
Share

0:00

0:43

LOS ANGELES -- A Wednesday night crowd of greater than 42,000 flocked into Dodger Stadium to watch a talented rookie starter with nasty pitches put on a show as he heads down the home stretch of an eye-opening season. Reese Olson threw them all a curveball, literally and figuratively.

It was a 2-2 pitch Olson dropped on Dodgers rookie outfielder James Outman for a strikeout leading off the fifth inning, and it came in at 3,023 rpm, according to Statcast. He spun another one better than that for a ball a few pitches earlier, and spun another earlier in the game. That’s three curveballs at 3,000 rpm or higher, to go with a slider that has been averaging 3,000 rpm all season.

On a night when the hometown fans showed up to watch Dodgers rookie hurler Bobby Miller and his 99+ mph fastball, that’s how Olson stole the show, and how the Tigers stole a game from this series to avoid a sweep with a 4-2 win.

“His stuff, his mix, was incredible tonight against a good-hitting lineup,” manager A.J. Hinch said. “He was very relentless in the strike zone. When they were aggressive, he still stayed in the strike zone. When they were patient, he pounded the strike zone.”

This is what Detroit fans have been seeing from Olson all month. And at a time of the season when many rookie starters are running out of gas and/or ideas, Olson is getting better ... scary better.

“I think he's demonstrating that he belongs and that he can do different things to different opponents,” Hinch continued. “When his pitch mix is right, he's as good as anyone that we have. I really believe that. And I think he's gaining confidence.”

For reference, the Tigers have invested heavily in pitching over the last few years, and boast a rotation that includes Eduardo Rodriguez and Tarik Skubal. Olson was neither a highly ranked prospect nor a big-time acquisition, having been brought over from the Brewers for Daniel Norris at the Trade Deadline in 2021.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Steady amid chaos, Olson a reliable, flexible option for Tigers

October 6th, 2024

Olson exits Tigers' win with shoulder soreness, lands on IL

July 21st, 2024

Olson digs deep against tough lineup as rise continues

July 11th, 2024

The Tigers scouted Olson in the High-A Midwest League that summer. Also in that league that summer was Miller, the Dodgers’ first-round Draft pick the previous summer out of the University of Louisville. On Wednesday, they teamed up to put on a pitching duel for six innings, combining to strike out the game’s first five hitters.

For Olson, it was a continuation. Wednesday marked the fourth consecutive outing in which Olson held his opponent scoreless through five innings, and the third consecutive start in which he did so on one hit or less. If not for Max Muncy, he might have taken a no-hit bid into the middle innings for the third consecutive start.

The early pitch mix was familiar, too. Olson's 94 pitches featured threw a near-equal mix of sliders (25), changeups (24) and sinkers (24). The Dodgers whiffed on six sliders out of 15 swings, and had three more misses on changeups. Their bats slowed down enough for Olson to spot nine sinkers for called strikes.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Once the lineup turned over, Olson mixed in the curve. He threw just nine of them, but they were nasty.

“Honestly, I've been blessed to be able to spin the ball,” Olson said. “I've felt a lot better these past few weeks with my curveball, and I threw it a little bit more tonight later in the game. But I've been working on that pitch, getting it in the zone. I think that's just a product of just gripping it and throwing it hard.”

Olson’s curveball averaged 2,918 rpm of spin Wednesday, up 137 from his season average. While it’s not rare for pitchers to throw both with high spin, it’s a select group that can do it effectively -- which Olson does with his curveball and slider.

“It's hard for pitchers to do both, and he does both exceptionally well,” catcher Carson Kelly said. “And to have the changeup, the sinker, four-seam, I mean, he's got a lot of pitches. But I think he's really coming into his own. It's impressive to see, and I think every start you see him get a little bit better, a little bit crisper.”

Both hits off Olson came from Muncy, as did his lone run with two outs in the sixth. Olson threw a 2-0 slider over the plate, and Muncy crushed it to right for a homer.

Even with that, Olson has a 1.40 ERA in four September starts, having allowed four runs on 10 hits over 25 2/3 innings with seven walks and 18 strikeouts.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Reese Olson

Senior Reporter Jason Beck has covered the Tigers for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/reese-olson-continuing-to-mature-for-tigers 
 ----- 
