Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Detroit rookie Reese Olson pitches the Tigers past the Dodgers 4-2 to avoid a sweep
1 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Zach McKinstry is hit by a pitch during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

2 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Reese Olson throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

3 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers center fielder James Outman makes a catch on a ball hit by Detroit Tigers’ Spencer Torkelson during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

4 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Kerry Carpenter is congratulated by teammates in the dugout after scoring on a single by Tyler Nevin during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

5 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Bobby Miller throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

6 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Kerry Carpenter, right, scores on a single by Andy Ibanez as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Austin Barnes attempts to catch the throw during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

7 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers catcher Carson Kelly, left, and relief pitcher Will Vest congratulate each other after striking out Los Angeles Dodgers’ James Outman to end the baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. The Tigers won 4-2. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
8 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Kerry Carpenter, center, scores on a single by Andy Ibanez as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Austin Barnes, right, misses the throw and home plate umpire Dan Bellino watches during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
9 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Max Muncy gestures as he ;heads to second after hitting a solo home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

10 of 11 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Kerry Carpenter, right, scores on a single by Andy Ibanez as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Austin Barnes misses the throw during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

11 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Max Muncy, left, heads to first for a solo home run as Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Reese Olson watches during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

BY  JOE REEDY
Updated 5:35 AM UTC, September 21, 2023
Share

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Reese Olson continues to make his case for being a part of the Detroit Tigers rotation next season.

The rookie won for the third time in his last four starts, combining with two relievers on a three-hitter to help the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4-2 on Wednesday night and avoid a sweep in the three-game series.

“His mix was incredible tonight against a good hitting lineup. He was relentless in the strike zone,” manager A.J. Hinch said. “He’s demonstrating that he belongs and he can do different things to different opponents. When his pitch mix is right he’s as good as anyone that we have.

“When you come into Dodger Stadium and pitch as well as he did, he is going to come out with his chest held high.”

Olson (5-7) allowed one run on two hits in six innings. The 24-year-old right-hander has given up just five runs in 30 innings over his last five starts.

His only mistake came in the sixth inning when Max Muncy drove an elevated slider into the stands in right-center to trim the Tigers’ lead to 2-1.

“To go out there and do what I’ve been doing these past couple weeks is a good confidence boost,” Olson said. “When I am able to mix, I can have success.”

RELATED STORIES
Detroit Tigers sign RHP Alex Cobb to $15 million, 1-year contract
Rocky Colavito, 9-time All-Star outfielder and one of Cleveland's most popular athletes, dies at 91
Tigers sign former Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres to a $15 million, 1-year deal

Miguel Diaz went 1 1/3 innings and Will Vest worked 1 2/3 innings for his second save.

Kerry Carpenter had two doubles and scored a pair of runs. The outfielder went 4 for 11 during the series and has hit safely in 36 of his last 44 games.

Tyler Nevin and Carson Kelly both had two hits and drove in a run for Detroit.

Muncy had both hits against Olson. His 36th homer match his career high from 2021.

“It means a lot. It still has been a frustrating season. I know some of my numbers look pretty good but with the opportunities I have had, they should be better,” Muncy said.

Bobby Miller (10-4) allowed two runs on three hits and struck out seven in six innings for Los Angeles, which had a five-game winning streak snapped.

“It was clear the secondary (pitches) he didn’t have feel for it. The changeup was in and out, curveball and slider in and out. The fastball was good. He got some swing and miss with that,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “For him to go six innings and give up two runs and give us a chance to win, that’s all we can ask.”

With the loss, the NL West champions remain 3 1/2 games behind Atlanta for the NL’s best record.

The Tigers jumped out to a 2-0 lead for the second straight night.

Carpenter led off the second with a double to left-center, advanced to third on Andy Ibanez’s ground out and scored on Nevin’s looping base hit to left-center.

Nevin has hit safely in his last six games and has gone 9 for 23 during that span.

Detroit had the bases loaded in the third with none out in the third, but could only get one across. Carson Kelly had a base hit to left before Matt Vierling drew a walk and Zach McKinstry was hit by a pitch. Dodgers center fielder James Outman made a diving catch on a low liner by Spencer Torkelson, which scored Kelly but prevented any further damage.

The Tigers extended their lead to 4-1 with runs in the seventh and the eighth.

Parker Meadows reached on a throwing error by Muncy to keep the seventh alive. Meadows stole second and scored on Kelly’s RBI base hit to left-center.

In the eighth, Carpenter reached on a two-out double to right and scored on Ibanez’s single.

Los Angeles responded in the home half when Austin Barnes walked with one out, advanced to third on Mookie Betts’ double and scored on Freddie Freeman’s grounder.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Tigers: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez is planning on making his scheduled start Sunday at Oakland. He left Monday’s game in the fourth inning due to a left scapular spasm.

UP NEXT

Tigers: Open a four-game series at Oakland on Thursday. LHP Tarik Skubal (6-3, 3.25 ERA) goes for the Tigers against Athletics’ RHP Luis Medina (3-9, 5.56 ERA).

Dodgers: Host San Francisco for four games in their final home series of the regular season. A starting pitcher has not been named for Thursday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

JOE REEDY
Reedy is a sports writer based in Los Angeles for The Associated Press. He has worked for the AP since 2015.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump: 'Give your head a shake!'
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a- Lago
Vice President-elect JD Vance resigns from the Senate
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Fani Willis seeks to overturn her disqualification from Trump...
Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis has asked Georgia’s highest court to...
AP News
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onverslaanbare...
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Onverkochte koelkast en weggegeven voor bijna niets. Bekijk de...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Go find you
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontdek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Play for...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
Betaal minder en verw arm uw huis
HeaterLux
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Zeg vaarwel tegen de Bunion Aliens die je tenen aanvallen
HalluxGuard
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Hoe ver komt u met € 500.000 in Nederland?
Fisher Investments Nederlands
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Italy's Meloni hopes to attend Trump inauguration as she do...
Italian Premier Giorgia Meloni says she doesn't believe President-elect Donald...
AP News
De door een tandarts ontworpen waterfloss er verovert Groning...
FlossyFresh
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Groningen: Parents Trust Qustodio
Qustodio
Advertisement:
Try Now
Deze eenvoudige tip kun je darmen elke ochtend (bijna onmi...
Floravia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Ukraine says it captured 2 North Korean soldiers fighting for...
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy says Ukrai ne's forces have captured two North...
AP News
Hoe u uw hond in enke le seconden kunt laten stoppen met blaffen
Pet Zen Pro
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
De dokter onthult: "De belangrijkste reden voor een dikke buik...
dagboekvaneencardioloog.nl
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Hyundai KONA Hybrid rijden voor €279 per maand? Leg uit.
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper:Advertisement
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazingwekkende Waarheid over SHAPE
consumer-review.eu:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adidas tot -33% korting.
Limango:Advertisement
Nu winkelen
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/tigers-dodgers-7d3083699b5362c27d266fcc2b405530 
 ----- 
