Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportFootball
Conor Bradley’s strike gives Northern Ireland famous win over struggling Scotland

Scotland 0-1 Northern Ireland: The Scots were looking for a response following a 4-0 defeat by the Netherlands in Amsterdam but were shocked when Bradley fired in.

Ronnie Esplin
Tuesday 26 March 2024 18:59 EDT

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
open image in gallery
Northern Ireland’s Conor Bradley (right) scored against Scotland ( Jane Barlow/PA) (PA Wire)
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Scotland’s winless run became a concern after it was extended to seven games with a dismal 1-0 friendly defeat by Northern Ireland at Hampden Park.

The Tartan Army were looking for a response following a 4-0 defeat by the Netherlands in Amsterdam on Friday night but were shocked when midfielder Conor Bradley fired in for the visitors after 32 minutes.

The home side picked up the pace after the break but could not break down Michael O’Neill’s determined side, who stood firm to register Northern Ireland’s first win in Mount Florida in almost 50 years.

Scotland have not been on a seven-game winless run since August 2004 to March 2005 and they take on Gibraltar and Finland in June friendlies before they face hosts Germany in the Euro 2024 opener at the Allianz Arena.

Somehow they need to regain their groove or there could be more pain to come.

open image in gallery
Conor Bradley’s goal was the difference between the sides at Hampden Park (Action Images via Reuters)

The Scots had long since booked their place in this summer’s Euros with a terrific qualifying campaign but they were under a bit of pressure following the Dutch defeat.

Manager Steve Clarke made two changes with centre-back Liam Cooper in for Ryan Porteous and striker Lyndon Dykes in for Lawrence Shankland.

There was a youthful look about O’Neill’s side which showed three changes from the team that started in the 1-1 draw in Romania, with former St Johnstone midfielder Ali McCann, Dan Ballard and goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell returning at the expense of ex-Celtic stopper Conor Hazard, Jordan Thompson and Paddy Lane.

Scotland tried to build some early pressure after midfielder Ryan Christie curled an effort from the edge of the visitors’ area wide of the post, but Northern Ireland were not unduly bothered.

The game drifted along with Peacock-Farrell having next to nothing to do before it took an unexpected turn.

Scotland wing-back Nathan Patterson recovered well to rescue an original mistake when a pass deep inside his own box was intercepted by Bradley and the 20-year-old Liverpool player turned inside before firing high past goalkeeper Angus Gunn, with the aid of a slight deflection off defender Jack Hendry for his first international goal.

Then Scotland captain Andrew Robertson went off with an injury to be replaced by midfielder Lewis Ferguson and the home side returned to a back four with Kieran Tierney moving to left-back.

open image in gallery
Andy Robertson was forced off through injury (Jane Barlow/PA Wire)

Northern Ireland almost doubled their lead on a speedy counter, with Shea Charles guiding the ball just wide, as did Scotland midfielder Scott McTominay – moments later – at the other end.

Boos from the home fans accompanied the half-time whistle.

Scotland started the second half with increased tempo but there still remained a lack of incision and guile and while Jamie Reid fired wide to end a Northern Ireland attack, at least it was an effort on goal.

In the 63rd minute, John McGinn’s free-kick came off Liam Cooper’s shoulder and skipped past the visitors’ goal and the home fans drove their side forward with increasing gusto.

Tierney was finding space down the left but the Scots could not capitalise.

Che Adams and Kenny McLean replaced Dykes and Gilmour in the 68th minute before Shankland and Stuart Armstrong also came on for Christie and McGinn.

Shankland soon had a close-range shot blocked by Brodie Spencer and Peacock-Farrell tipped a Ferguson header over the crossbar for a corner, before Shankland sent a header over and then four added minutes ran out.

Scotland have regressed recently in terms of results but it is this performance that should primarily concern Clarke.

More aboutNorthern IrelandLiam CooperAndrew RobertsonSteve Clarke
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/northern-ireland-scotland-friendly-goals-report-b2519134.html 
 ----- 
