Continue with ads …
Use as.com with personalized advertising, tracking and cookies free of charge.﻿
This model will allow you to continue browsing as before. The acceptance of cookies and similar technologies will involve the collection and use of your browsing information for advertising and personalisation purposes according to your interests. This advertising is essential for us to continue offering quality content, effective services to users and an improved user experience.
For this, we and our 866 partners ﻿require your consent﻿to the processing of personal data﻿ for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
Precise geolocation and information about device characteristics can be used.
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Share data and profiles not linked to your identity
Allows you to send the user profile obtained through deductive techniques along with your browsing data and an advertising identifier code to advertisers, advertising agencies, intermediaries and other operators that enable this exchange of information to assess whether your profile is within the target audience for a specific ad and, where appropriate, show you that ad based on your interests.
You can read the reasons behind these access modalities here.
Agree & continue
Privacy settings
… or with contentpass
Use as.com and 500 other websites, such as huffingtonpost.es and cadenaser.com, ad-free and tracking-free with contentpass for a flat rate of 3,99 € per month.
As an alternative to paying with your attention and data, contentpass allows you to use all participating websites without ad banners, ad cookies and personalized tracking.
Deny & surf ad-free
Log in with contentpass
Data Privacy
contentpass FAQ
Latest news

LOTTERY

Ever wondered how far Mega Millions $1 billion would go? Let's measure it!
It’s not often that around $1,000,000,000 is up for grabs but now that it is, we thought we’d have a look at some less practical uses for it.
Calum RocheEnglish_AS
Update: Dec 28th, 2024 05:18 EST
0
JAVIER SALVO/ATON CHILE

On Friday, December 27, 2024, a jackpot of over $1 billion dollars was won as hundreds of millions of tickets were purchased with hopes of getting all or some sizeable part of the Mega Millions prize. As the date approaches one of these huge drawings, and thereafter, most people’s minds start dreaming about what they would do with that sort of money – a new house, or car, or maybe even a yacht.

My mind, however, began pondering how awesome it would be to pile up all those individual dollar bills to see how far it would stretch, literally. I may need help, yes... but then again, you’re reading this so likely you do too.

CRISTIANO RONALDO targeting 1000 career GOALS
What is one billion dollars really?

First things first, let me make it very clear that even if you or I were to be the sole winner of the jackpot, we would not be handed the $1 billion (plus whatever) top prize fund. That makes what I’m about to say simply a fantastical idea, a bit like believing we’re going to overcome the one-in-over-300,000,000 odds in the first place. (Although someone has to win it!) Find out more about how Uncle Sam and lottery options ensure you’ll never see anything close to $1 billion.

OK, with that out of the way, let’s have a look together and the more fanciful idea, with a mandatory suspension of disbelief required...

How high would one billion dollars reach?

So, the delivery of our billion dollars has arrived at our home via a fleet of custom-built trucks (it would’ve only taken ten crates of $100 bills but that’s not what we need here). The neighbours are not too happy with the noise but they’re holding back any complaints in the vain hope that we may give them a financial sweetener. Fat chance! Now, we’ve arranged with the delivery company that they need to neatly balance each of those 1,000,000,000 bills one on top of each other. The process begins as we watch on from our window with a cool glass of champagne and a very smug grin.

Up and up it goes, taking enough time to allow us to disappear for a few naps, until eventually we peruse the result. A powerful, and inconsequentially expensive, drone is required for this.

The final dollar bill, it turns out, sits 67.9 miles (or 109 km for those that prefer the metric scale) above the original one placed on our street. That’s 358,510 feet (or 109,273 m) high and means it is touching the lower part of our troposphere. To put that into perspective it is approximately as high as 12 Mount Everests and if we happened to be the US president and we let it fall in a northerly direction (yes, of course we’ve glued all the bills together!) from our front lawn outside the White House, the final image of George Washington would land around the Gettysburg National Cemetery, where $5 bill-man Abraham Lincoln made his famous address.

Full screen
Mount Everest.AFP
How far would one billion dollars stretch?

Right, sticking with the White House as our new home, let’s see how far the dollar bills – 6.14 inches each – would stretch to if laid out lengthwise, touching end-to-end. The total distance, sometimes called a money line, is a massive 96,900 miles (155,945 km). Ah, it’s longer than I thought.

Never mind where in the world we would arrive at by walking along our new path of greenbacks, we’d actually be able to – remember that suspension of disbelief we agreed to above – get nearly four times around our Earthly globe for that distance. (Any flat Earthers out there can do their own mad calculations).

Another way of looking at it is that if we stood them vertically they would take us more than a third of the way to the Moon. Take note, Elon!

What surface area would one billion dollars cover?

A billion dollar bills have proven that when it comes to length, they are rather impressive, but we also want to consider how much of our fine land we could cover with those payment tokens. As it works out, with each bill measuring fractionally more than 16 square inches, we would see around four square miles (over 10 square km or 1,555 acres) rippling in papery green.

Again, let’s get some creative perspective to that figure. It’s the equivalent, give or take, of Dublin international Airport in Ireland, or three quarters the size of LAX. In New York, just imagine Central Park filled with a carpet of dollar bills... now think of three of them and you get the idea! Another comparison is that it would cover Vatican City, the home of the Pope, 20 times over, not that he needs the cash!

Right, where’s my ticket? I’m ready for the next massive draw...

RELATED STORIES

LATEST_NEWS

How many numbers do you need to win a prize in Powerball?

LATEST_NEWS

IRS 2025 tax filing season: key dates you can’t miss

Get your game on! Whether you’re into NFL touchdowns, NBA buzzer-beaters, world-class soccer goals, or MLB home runs, our app has it all.

Dive into live coverage, expert insights, breaking news, exclusive videos, and more – plus, stay updated on the latest in current affairs and entertainment. Download now for all-access coverage, right at your fingertips – anytime, anywhere.

Calum Roche

About the author
Tagged in:
Lotería
Estados Unidos
Comment
Rules
We recommend these for you in Latest news
BUSINESS
No more lobsters and parties: 10 big companies that filed for bankruptcy in 2024
SCIENCE
Unlocking the secrets of our past through genetics
COLLECTIBLES
These are the Canadian 2 dollar coins that could be worth $27,000
AVIATION
Why did the South Korea plane crash and explode? What we know about the Jeju Air tragedy
PLANE CRASH
Jeju Air flight 2216: dramatic video shows crash in South Korea, 181 aboard
VIRAL
Texas resident captures video of rare December tornado: “This is bananas!”
Most viewed
1

LOTTERY

Mega Millions jackpot: How much do you get if you have 1, 2 or 3 numbers?
2

FINANCE

Good news for Social Security beneficiaries: This will be the new estimated average monthly payment starting in January 2025
3

LOTTERY

How much do you get if you have 1, 2 or 3 Powerball numbers?
More news

DAZN

Enjoy live and on-demand online sports on DAZN. Activate your account
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.as.com/latest_news/how-far-would-the-mega-millions-1-billion-jackpot-reach-n/ 
 ----- 
