SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
CHRIS WOOD ON TARGET AS NEW ZEALAND BEAT TAHITI IN OPENING WORLD CUP QUALIFIER
Chris Wood on target as New Zealand beat Tahiti in opening World Cup qualifier
Reuters,
11.10.2024 08:14
New Zealand will next host Vanuatu
REUTERS / Anthony Phelps
Chris Wood (32) scored his 35th international goal as New Zealand got their quest for a spot at the 2026 World Cup off to a solid start with a 3-0 victory over Tahiti in Group B of the second round of Oceania qualifying on Friday.

The All Whites have been the dominant force in Oceania football since Australia jumped ship to the Asian confederation in 2006 but have fallen short in intercontinental playoffs in their last three attempts to qualify for the World Cup.

The expanded 2026 tournament, however, means direct passage for the best team from Oceania and the New Zealanders know that winning five qualifying matches will secure them a third trip to the finals after 1982 and 2010.

A journey New Zealand hope will take them to packed World Cup stadiums in the United States, Canada and Mexico in two years' time began on Friday in front of a smattering of spectators, many seated on grass banks, in Port Vila, Vanuatu.

Winger Eli Just gave the All Whites the perfect start when he curled the ball into the net from the edge of the box after just 90 seconds at Freshwater Stadium.

For the rest of the first half, Tahiti did a good job of getting men behind the ball and frustrating the New Zealanders, who resorted to firing speculative passes towards the head of their skipper Wood.

The frustration continued for New Zealand until the 67th minute, when substitute full-back Sam Sutton found his target with a deep corner from the right and Wood steered the ball into the back of the net from the edge of the six-yard box.

Wood departed soon afterwards and Ben Waine added the third goal a minute from full-time, pouncing on teammate Matt Garbett's miskick and finishing well from close range.

"We got the job done we needed. We won the game. We got the three points," said New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley.

"Coming away from home into these environments is challenging. So it was pretty safely navigated."

New Zealand will next host Vanuatu in Hamilton on November 15 before their final group match against Samoa in the same city three days later.

The top two teams from each of the two groups will progress to the third stage of qualifying, a four-team knockout tournament in New Zealand next March which will decide which nation bags the automatic World Cup spot.

In the opening Group A matches played in Suva on Thursday, Fiji edged Solomon Islands 1-0 thanks to a clinical strike from Roy Krishna and New Caledonia beat Papua New Guinea 3-1.

MENTIONS
Football
World Championship
New Zealand
Tahiti
Chris Wood
Related Articles
Seven must-watch games during the latest international break
10.10.2024 13:13
Australia start Tony Popovic era with 3-1 qualifying win over China
10.10.2024 12:18
Prolific Japan set sights on Saudi Arabia as top teams clash in key World Cup qualifiers
08.10.2024 15:59
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
8 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
9 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
9 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
11 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
11 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
12 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
12 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
15 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
15 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-chris-wood-on-target-as-new-zealand-beat-tahiti-in-opening-world-cup-qualifier/CI9Ng4DT/ 
 ----- 
