Latest
Celebrity
K-POP
K-Drama
Culture
Sports

HOME
SPORTS
"Until when on earth" endless debates, missing systems, bruised Korean soccer must really change now

By Sungwon, Kim

Sep 05, 2024

   



The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. South Korea's Son Heung-min, who had a 0-0 draw, is disappointed.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/







The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. South Korean players, who had a 0-0 draw, are disappointed.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/


Photo=Capture the relay screen
Hong Myung-bo, the national soccer team coach who returned to the A team after 10 years, returned to the ground after a long silence after failing at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. He is the leader who succeeded in turning the tables by leading Ulsan HD to its second consecutive K League 1 victory. The Korea Football Association (KFA) judged that there was no better card. However, controversy has been raised over procedural issues. In the end, victory was the only way to put all 'noise' to rest.

However, an unexpected 'pain' was produced. Kim Min-jae (Bayern Munich), who endured it for 90 minutes, eventually made an unfamiliar scene. He called for restraint to the booing national team supporters 'Red Devils'. In conclusion, it was a game that could not be won from the start. The chaotic atmosphere did not deviate from expectations. It wasn't one thing. The ground was torn to shreds.

Fans were indignant with placards such as `The Dark Ages of Korean Soccer.' It seemed as if the political arena, which is at odds with each other, had been moved to the ground. After endless debates, the Korean soccer system, which is trying to advance to the finals for the 11th consecutive time, was missing. Whenever Hong appeared on the screen, he had to be booed "Woo~". The Taegeuk Warriors under his guidance had no choice but to be conscious. From now on, there is a desperate need for a harmonious voice. Of course, the KFA needs to open its ears more. It's time for fans to take a step back. Endless arguments must be stopped. The Korea Football Association should focus its efforts on building a new missing system. The soccer community must unite as one. The current chaos must not last any longer.








Coach Hong Myung-bo encouraging Son Heung-min

(Seoul = Yonhap News) Reporter Seo Dae-yeon = The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third preliminary round of the 2026 FIFA World Cup in North Korea and the U.S. at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the afternoon of the 5th. Coach Hong Myung-bo of the national team, who finished 0-0, is encouraging Son Heung-min. 2024.9.5


The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. South Korean coach Hong Myung-bo, who drew 0-0, is disappointed.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/
A heavy first step was projected onto the ground. He also felt a lot of pressure for his first game. Coach Hong, who returned for the first time in 10 years, and Son Heung-min (Tottenham) and Kim Min-jae (Paris Saint-Germain) did not raise their heads. The first step toward advancing to the World Cup finals for the 11th consecutive time was 'Sad Ending'. South Korea, ranked 23rd in the International Football Federation, drew 0-0 without scoring in the first Group B match of the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup against 96th-ranked Palestine at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th.

The third qualifying round is the final qualifying round. The Hong Myung-ho was organized in Group B along with Iraq, Jordan, Oman, Palestine, and Kuwait. In the third qualifying round, 18 teams will be divided into three groups of six teams and play a full league home and away. A total of six teams, ranked first and second in each group, will win tickets to the World Cup finals. However, he failed to earn three points in the first game on his home turf. The path of thorns is expected.

Son Heung-min, Lee Kang-in, and Kim Min-jae were all out. Hwang Moon-ki (Kangwon), who was selected for the first time in the A match, was the only new face. He started at right fullback and made his debut. Yang Min-hyuk (Gangwon), who was highly anticipated, was excluded from the 23 entries along with Lee Han-beom (Mit Willan) and Choi Woo-jin (Incheon), who were selected for the first time.








The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. Lee Kang-in and Son Heung-min are preparing for a free kick.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/


The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. Yang Min-hyuk, who was excluded from the entry, is watching the game.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/


The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. Director Markram Daboub is directing operations.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/
It was not easy to play after just 24 hours of training due to the belated joining of European players. In the midfield, there were many minor mistakes of the players, and the passes were offbeat. Palestine boasted a solid organizational power as a dark horse who passed the group stage for the first time in the history of the Qatar Asian Cup and succeeded in advancing to the round of 16. In the first half, the voice of sighing was louder. The Palestinian set piece was powerful. In the 22nd minute of the first half, Acer Hamed's header pass was connected by Tamer Seyam with a left-footed shot. South Korea's net fluctuated. Fortunately, offside was declared, and the decision did not change even in VAR (video reading).




The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. Son Heung-min is trying to shoot.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/


The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup was held at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the 5th. Lee Kang-in and Son Heung-min are preparing for a free kick.Sangam = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.09.04/


Cho Hyun-woo's good defense

(Seoul = Yonhap News) Reporter Seo Dae-yeon = The match between South Korea and Palestine in the third preliminary round of the 2026 FIFA North-China World Cup at Seoul World Cup Stadium on the afternoon of the 5th. Cho Hyun-woo is doing well. 2024.9.5
The frustrating trend didn't start to change until 40 minutes into the first half. Lee Kang-in took the lead. He broke down the defensive wall and connected with a right footed shot, but was blocked by the opponent's goalkeeper. Two minutes later, Hwang In-beom aimed for a goal with a left-footed shot. But the ball that left his feet hit the side net. At the start of the second half, Hong added Oh Se-hoon (Manchida) instead of Joo Min-kyu (Ulsan). Seol Young-woo (Zvezda) left due to a left knee injury, and Hwang Hee-chan (Wolverhampton), Lee Myung-jae (Ulsan), Hwang Jae-won (Daegu), and Lee Dong-kyung (Kimcheon) were also transfused. However, Lee Kang-in and Son Heung-min had a series of decisive opportunities, but it was a shame to finish. In the 14th minute of the second half, Lee Kang-in's left-footed shot cut through the air, and the free kick was saved by the goalkeeper in the 27th minute. In the 42nd minute of the second half, Son Heung-min's right foot shot hit the post. In extra time in the second half, Palestinian Wessam Abouli had a one-on-one opportunity. Cho Hyun-woo's good defense narrowly escaped the crisis. The goal was not scored in the eighth minute of extra time in the second half.

The soccer ball is round. That's why there's always an upset. Sangambeol was like that. It was today of Korean soccer.





Sangam = Reporter Kim Sung-won, Park Chan-joon, and Kim Autumn






newsme@sportschosun.com

Related articles
January 14th, the Korea Sports Council! Candidate Kang Shin-wook Opens Election Office, Launches Election Campaign
Smash of change! Yoo Seung Min Candidate Election Camp Opens, Campaigns Starts
Chicken King Yoon Hong-geun, BBQ President, seeks re-election to the Ice Federation! Lee Soo-kyung, a former figure of Seoul National University X, is competing for president and CEO of Sambo Motors
15th Premier Leaguer Kim Ji-soo Debut Again, Making Korea's History, Youngest EPL Debut → Centerback for the First Time
SPORTS
Let's see the appropriate price. Why don't we get the FA when we're the winning team? Trade reversal, money spent differently
SPORTS
Kim Jisoo is on the list of participants! Brighton's away match is on standby
SPORTS
Cough, dizziness, bloodshot eyes, but a 16-point explosion, a behind-the-scenes story of Yuk Seo-young's unexpected turnaround
SPORTS
Director Kim Hochul, why? I heard it's because of Yuk Seo-young.
Latest News
SPORTS
By May, Kim Do Young or higher...I believe in No. 1 high school record for the third consecutive year, will FA leak + retirement gap signal a clear-up infield
CELEBRITY
Song Ji-eun ♥ Park Wi, a luxurious weekend home-cooked meal..A unique plating like a newlywed couple
CELEBRITY
54-year-old daughter Park Soo-hong ♥ Kim Daye almost died while giving birth, and tried to follow her
SPORTS
SON intends to leave for honor → One-year extension still many questions Son Heung-min shows no signs of new negotiations to break up with Tottenham in the end
CELEBRITY
Moon Ga-bi, out-of-wedlock rumors clarification, agreed to give birth to Jung Woo-sung, saying he never asked for marriage or anything.
SPORTS
240 Billion Jackpot Goodbye Sonny, Tottenham's 10-year commitment to this...A powerful media outlet → Son Heung-min's next destination is here
Popular Posts
1.
Yoo Yeon-seok is a problem, but Heo Nam-jun is also a mess..Before we start, we're going to find out who we really are
2.
'Squid Game 2' Fever Sweeps the Globe: Iconic Mascot Appears at World Landmarks
3.
A story in life with a person delivered by Kang Pul, a lighting shop, to capture the pain and suffering of ordinary people
4.
Director Kim Hee-won, a lighting shop, is so passionate that he visits the studio even at dawn
5.
In the final episode, Kim Nam-gil and Lee Ha-nui, the 2nd passionate martyr, will face each other...Seohyunwoo's counterattack
6.
MC Youngtak, Lee Chanwon, Jang Minho, and Namjin...SBS Trot Competition is on the 28th. Expectations are up
7.
ADOR Unaware as NewJeans Members Go Solo on Radio
8.
Kim Junsu Revealed as the Owner of Korea's First Tesla Cybertruck
9.
Kim Hyun-jung's News Show on New Jeans...Can you raise one hand
10.
Korean singer in his 50s, sexual assault scandal...The victim is a 女 announcer 25 years younger than him, and a settlement fee of 800 million
Sports
View All
Hyundai Steel's director Kim Eun-sook resigned...Closing of documents on the 11th for supervisor open recruitment
We talked about next year until a month ago, but the 43-year-old left-hander Wada retired in a surprise move, and the aftermath of Softbank's Japan Series shock defeat (Min Chang-ki's Japanese baseball)
Forget the Splash Duo! Heald next to Curry. GS, Washington Defeat, 6-1, West's Best Dark Horse
Sports Toto Releases Champions League Proto Winning Ceremony
LATEST
 
CELEBRITY
 
K-POP
 
K-DRAMA
 
CULTURE
 
SPORTS
About Us
 
Terms Of Use
 
Privacy Policy
 
Cookie Policy
 
Copyright Policy
Korean
 
Artists
 
RSS
 
Site Map
Address : 20th FL, Dream Tower 233-1 Mokdongdong-ro, Yangcheon-gu, Seoul Korea Online newspaper registration No : Seoul 아01720 Date of registration : 2011.07.29 Publisher : Park Jin-hyung, Editor : Park Jae-ho, Juvenile Protection Manager : Lee Jae-hoon E-mail : global@sportschosun.com, Tel : +82-2-3219-8253

© 2000-2024 Copyright sportschosun.com All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportschosun.com/sports/2024/09/sc-sceneuntil-when-on-earth-endless-debates-missing-16099 
 ----- 
