Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Putin-Azerbaijan
Mega Millions
Chuba Hubbard IR
TikTok ban
Bryant Park fire
SPORTS
Australia stunned by Bahrain in World Cup qualifying as Palestinians draw with South Korea
1 of 8 |  

Bahrain’s Mahdi Abduljabbar Mahdi Darwish Hasan, front left, competes with Australia’s Harry Souttar for a high ball during their World Cup 2026 qualifying match at the Gold Coast, Australia, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (Dave Hunt/AAP Image via AP)

2 of 8 |  

Bahrain’s Mohamed Marhoon, left, competes with Australia’s Alessandro Circati for the ball during their World Cup 2026 qualifying match at the Gold Coast, Australia, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (Dave Hunt/AAP Image via AP)

3 of 8 |  

Bahrain’s Mohamed Marhoon, left, competes with Australia’s Kusini Yengi for the ball during their World Cup 2026 qualifying match at the Gold Coast, Australia, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (Dave Hunt/AAP Image via AP)

4 of 8 |  

South Korea’s Son Heung-min, bottom, fights for the ball with Jonathan Zorrilla during the Asian qualifier group B match for 2026 World Cup between South Korea and Palestine at the World Cup Stadium in Seoul, South Korea, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)

Read More
5 of 8 |  

Japan’s Takumi Minamino, center , scores a goal past China’s Zhu Chenjie, bottom during a World Cup and AFC Asian Qualifier at Saitama Stadium 2002 in Saitama, north of Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024.(AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama)

6 of 8 |  

Japan’s Junya Ito, 14, celebrates his goal with his teammate Takefusa Kubo during a World Cup and AFC Asian Qualifier between Japan and China at Saitama Stadium 2002 in Saitama, north of Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024.(AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama)

7 of 8 |  

Japan’s players celebrate Japan’s fourth goal during a World Cup and AFC Asian Qualifier between Japan and China at Saitama Stadium 2002 in Saitama, north of Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024.(AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama)

8 of 8 |  

Japan’s Takumi Minamino, left, and China’s Li Yuanyi, right, fight for the ball during a World Cup and AFC Asian Qualifier between Japan and China at Saitama Stadium 2002 in Saitama, north of Tokyo, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024.(AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama)

Updated 10:38 PM UTC, September 5, 2024
Share

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Australia fell to a shock 1-0 loss to Bahrain at home in the opening game of the third round of Asian World Cup qualifying on Thursday.

Meanwhile, South Korea was held to 0-0 by the Palestinians in Seoul.

Despite losing all six previous games against Australia, Bahrain won thanks to an own goal from Harry Souttar with a minute remaining on the Gold Coast.

Abdulla Al-Khalasi’s cross from the left side of the area hit the defender and flew past goalkeeper Mat Ryan.

Australia dominated the game but was reduced to 10 men when Kusini Yengi was red-carded after 77 minutes for a reckless tackle.

“It’s not the way that we want to start our campaign, a loss at home, but we have to go away and improve,” Australia winger Craig Goodwin said. ”We have to look at the positives. This is the first game, there are nine games to go.”

Bahrain is second in Group C behind Japan, which thrashed China 7-0 in Saitama.

First-half headers from midfielder Wataru Endo and winger Kaoru Mitoma put Japan in control by the break.

Then Takumi Minamino scored twice in quick succession and Junya Ito, Daizen Maeda and Takefusa Kubo also found the target to make it a painful evening for China.

RELATED STORIES
Struggling Australia and Saudi Arabia play a crucial Asian World Cup qualifier
Japan beats Indonesia 4-0 to extend group lead in Asian World Cup qualifying
Japan on brink of reaching World Cup while Indonesia stuns Saudi Arabia

Also in Group C, Saudi Arabia was held to a 1-1 draw by Indonesia in Jeddah. Ragnar Oratmangoen scored for Indonesia but Musab Al-Juwayr equalized before the break for Roberto Mancini’s team. Salem Al-Dawsari missed a late penalty.

The 18 teams remaining in Asian qualification have been divided into three groups of six. The top two from each qualify automatically for the 2026 World Cup while the six teams that finish in third and fourth will advance to the fourth round where there are two more places on offer.

South Korea last missed out on the World Cup in 1982 and got off to a poor start in Group B due to the Palestinians.

South Korea missed chance after chance — captain Son Heung-min hit the post — but could not find a way through a determined defense from a visitor that has never reached this stage before.

The Palestinians almost snatched what would have been a stunning victory in added time. Through on goal, Wessam Abou Ali’s shot was saved by Jo Hyun-woo.

“It was a difficult match, but we were able to come away with a good result because we brought all the players that we could get our hands on,” Palestinian coach Makram Daboub said. “I am extremely happy to bring joy to our fans in Palestine.”

Iraq is above Korea in Group B after a 1-0 win over Oman in Basra while Jordan drew 1-1 with Kuwait.

Iran got off to a winning start in Group A, defeating Kyrgyzstan 1-0 thanks to a first half goal from Inter Milan striker Mehdi Taremi. Uzbekistan is level on three points after a 1-0 victory over North Korea.

United Arab Emirates is top of the group with a 3-1 win at Asian champion Qatar.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Man accused of attacking TV reporter, saying 'This is Trump' s America now'
Learn More: Bipolar I Disor...
GoodRx
:
Advertisement
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-l evel meeting of a Russia-domin ated economic union
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Learn More: Major Depressive Disorder
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you ca...
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Nevada That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
Instant Home Value Assessment (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Judge signals that contempt hearing for Rudy Giuliani over...
A federal judge is signaling that Rudy Giuli ani's contempt hearing next Friday might...
AP News
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
I Gave My Wife an Eter nal Rose
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Here's How To Get The Medicare Grocery Benefits (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroom...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
Chinese workers found in 'slaver y-like conditions' in Brazil take...
Dozens of Chinese workers have been taken and put up in hotels in Brazil’s...
AP News
China's Xi orders a stop to a spree of mass killings known a...
China’s leader Xi Jinping wants the recent spree of mass killings that shocked the...
AP News
Discover Silent Signs of Atopic Dermatitis...
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Nevada: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling Out Fast
Ultra Heater:Advertisement
Shop Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Better Health News:Advertisement
All New Hyundai Palisade For Seniors Simply Amazes - See The Cost
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/bahrain-australia-palestinian-asia-world-f21e71efe6c8eb4a7aab673de4dd8ec2 
 ----- 
