Menu
Notices
Opens in new window
Place a Notice
Opens in new window
Today’s Paper
Opens in new window
Subscriptions
Podcasts
Jobs
Opens in new window
Sign Up
Log In
Home
News
Opinion
GAA
Business
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Puzzles
Soccer
Michael O’Neill takes positives after Northern Ireland held in Belarus stalemate
Northern Ireland peppered Fedor Lapoukhov’s goal with shots in the opening 45 minutes.
Expand
Michael O’Neill’s Northern Ireland drew 0-0 with Belarus (Liam McBurney/PA)
By Ian Parker, PA, Zalaegerszeg
October 12, 2024 at 11:20pm BST

Michael O’Neill picked out the positives after his Northern Ireland side were unable to capitalise on a string of chances in a goalless Nations League draw against Belarus in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary.

Northern Ireland peppered Fedor Lapoukhov’s goal with shots in the opening 45 minutes, twice having goals ruled out and also seeing Eoin Toal’s header come back off the post and it ended up costing them the chance to go top of League C3.

But with two teenagers among six players in the starting XI aged 22 or under, this was a demonstration of the attacking possibilities in a still-developing side – as long as they can find the cutting edge to finish off the job.

“I’m frustrated with the result but I’m not frustrated with the performance,” O’Neill told the PA news agency. “We were very dominant in the first half, we created excellent chances with some very good passages of play and our transition through the pitch was excellent.

Chris Kamara to return to live reporting on Boxing Day for Forest v Spurs clash
Ciara Mageean Olympic agony put Paris pain in perspective: Rhasidat Adeleke

“But we didn’t take the chances and that’s a learning curve for us. The second half was always going to have a different feel, we weren’t going to have the same level and Belarus tightened up a bit and made it more difficult.

“We still managed to create chances, but we didn’t open them up as much as the first half. It was a decent performance, but the disappointing thing is the result.”

Northern Ireland had 12 attempts at goal in the first half, forcing Lapoukhov into seven saves, but there was a sense at the break that their best opportunity might have already gone.

Belarus did a better job of shutting down space in the second half and as legs on both sides began to tire, the attacking impetus faded.

“The second half maybe got a little bit edgy with the substitutions and the pitch was quite heavy and in the end cut up,” O’Neill said.

“Also some of our senior players like Paddy (McNair) and Jamal (Lewis) have played very little football, so it’s hard for them to maintain that level.

“I thought we had enough in the tank to win the game but we didn’t do that. It’s something of course you want in your make-up to be able to win games late on – I have to look beyond the result.

“People will talk about the result but the team is going in the right direction.”

This was arguably to most awkward of Northern Ireland’s away fixtures in this Nations League campaign, not so much in terms of the opposition – Belarus are, despite recent improvement, the lowest ranked team in the group – but because of the neutral venue and the game being behind closed doors.

In that context, this was a point gained even if it might have been all three.

“It’s a positive certainly, not something to be too negative about,” O’Neill added.

“When you see how the game played out, we’re disappointed not to take three points but we’ve got a home game now against Bulgaria and if we win that it will put us in a strong position.

“The key in any group is to come away from home and not be beaten, so we’ll take the positive of not being beaten tonight.”

Belarus court jails journalist for four years for criticising president
Scottish Government urges UK Government to put pressure on Lukashenko regime
Belarus targets hundreds for showing solidarity with Ukraine
5 talking points as Northern Ireland end Nations League campaign in Luxembourg
Michael O’Neill pleased with Northern Ireland patience during Belarus win
Northern Ireland edge closer to Nations League promotion with Belarus win
Most read

1

Emergency services at scene of serious incident in west Belfast

2

Pink cocaine: Warning over lethal party drug sweeping through nightclubs

3

Carrickmore bring Ulster champions Errigal Ciaran crashing down to earth

4

Co Antrim school pays tribute to ‘much loved and valued’ staff member who died after falling from a height along north coast

5

Donegal delegates criticise county board over ‘secret gathering’ to honour successful football and hurling teams
Top stories

1

Warning over lethal party drug sweeping through nightclubs

2

Thousands of children’s lives saved by Belfast man who has donated blood more than 600 times

3

Stormont committee urged to probe Mervyn Storey appointment as former watchdog says she would’ve launched an investigation

4

Conor Murphy ‘hopeful’ Home Office will consider delay to ETA expansion

5

Donegal couple prepare for a lifeboat Christmas
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

@2024 The Irish News Ltd

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contributor T&C’s
News
Opinion
GAA
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Newsletters
Send us your story
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise
Opens in new window
Contact us
Help / FAQ
About us
Digital subscriptions
Corporate subscriptions
Workplace and Employment Awards
Opens in new window
The Irish News Ulster GAA All Stars
Opens in new window
Young News Readers
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All I Accept
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishnews.com/sport/soccer/michael-oneill-takes-positives-after-northern-ireland-held-in-belarus-stalemate-UWQ3Y4L7BVNWTGJ6DPYYMTGDFQ/ 
 ----- 
