Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Braves waste early chances to continue frustrating trend
Share
Braves waste early chances to continue frustrating trend
September 17th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA -- Splitting a four-game set against the Dodgers doesn’t seem too bad, unless you account for how the Braves could have won this series.

The Braves took their offensive frustrations to another level as they squandered a few prime scoring opportunities during the early stages of a 9-0 loss to the Dodgers on Monday night at Truist Park. They suffered their 11th shutout loss despite putting a runner in scoring position with one out or less during each of the first four innings.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“I guess it just makes it more frustrating against a team like that, this late in the season, when you’re trying to make a push for a playoff spot,” Braves center fielder Michael Harris II said. “I guess we now know we have to really lock in and come through in those situations.”

While Atlanta went 0-for-12 with runners in scoring position, the Dodgers needed just two hits -- a single and a double -- to tally three runs during Max Fried’s six-inning effort. The game became a rout when Daysbel Hernández and Aaron Bummer combined to allow six runs on just two hits in the seventh.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

This was the second time in modern history (since 1901) that the Braves allowed nine runs or more on four hits or fewer. They last did so during a June 4, 2021 loss to the Dodgers. That season ended in celebratory fashion.

How this season will conclude remains in doubt. With a 2-1, 10-inning win over the Nationals on Monday, the Mets regained a one-game lead over the Braves in the battle for the National League’s third and final Wild Card spot.

“We’ve got a handful of games left,” Fried said. “Every game matters. Every single guy knows what’s coming down and what kind of baseball we need to play. At the end of the day, you just have to leave everything out there.”

The Braves lost Sunday night’s game when Raisel Iglesias’ streak of 30 consecutive appearances without allowing an earned run ended during a seven-run ninth. But the game might have evolved differently had Atlanta not allowed Walker Buehler to complete six innings after forcing him to throw 70 pitches through the first three.

Iglesias’ struggles came after the Braves were unable to score against Michael Kopech after putting runners at second and third with none out in the eighth. It turned out this was just a preview of the series finale.

Harris drew a walk to begin the bottom of the first and reached third base when he stole second and drew an errant throw from catcher Will Smith. But he was left stranded, like Sean Murphy was after doubling to begin the second against Dodgers starter Yoshinobu Yamamoto, who was making just his second start since June.

Harris singled to begin the third and then was thrown out trying to score from first base on Jorge Soler’s double off the right-center-field wall. Ramon Laureano’s leadoff triple was then wasted in the fourth.

“We just have to do a better job when we get runners in scoring position to put the ball in the air or hit a ground ball to second with the infield back,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “Just [better] situational hitting.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Looking at the scores of the final two games, it might seem crazy to think the Braves could have swept this series. But Sunday’s game was winnable, and Monday’s could have certainly evolved differently had at least a couple of the early scoring opportunities not gone to waste.

Yamamoto killed threats in each of the first two innings and then benefited from the 93.6 mph throw Kiké Hernández made to the plate to retire Harris on Soler’s third-inning double. It stands as the Dodgers’ hardest-thrown assist since Statcast began tracking this data in 2015.

“Where he caught it, I didn’t think he’d be able to get anything on it or turn,” Snitker said. “I told [third-base coach Matt Tuiasosopo] that if I’m coaching third, I’m sending him, too.”

Harris hesitated as he neared second because he had seen the wind knock down Murphy’s 107.8 mph double the inning before. His choice to make sure Tommy Edman didn’t catch what became Soler’s 112-mph double prevented him from ensuring the Braves satisfied at least one of their early opportunities.

With the early chances squandered, the Braves’ high-leverage relievers remained in the bullpen for the final innings of a series that began auspiciously and ended in ugly fashion.

“We’ve still been playing good baseball,” Harris said. “We didn't get to win every game. But we like our chances going into these final games.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/braves-go-0-for-12-with-risp-in-loss-to-dodgers 
 ----- 
