Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Mavericks Guard Sets Career High in Loss to Cavaliers
One player shined in Dallas' loss to Cleveland on Friday night
Austin Veazey | Jan 4, 2025
Jan 3, 2025; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks guard Quentin Grimes (5) drives to the basket as Cleveland Cavaliers guard Caris LeVert (3) and Cleveland Cavaliers forward Dean Wade (32) defends during the second half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images
In this story:
Dallas Mavericks
Cleveland Cavaliers

The Dallas Mavericks lost 134-122 to the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night, suffering their fourth straight loss. The game never felt as close as the final score might indicate, all thanks to one key Maverick.

Cleveland led by 27 points, 93-66, midway through the third quarter, looking to just cruise to the finish from there, but that's when Quentin Grimes stepped into the spotlight with Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving out for the game.

READ MORE: 3 Takeaways From Mavericks Big Loss to Cavaliers

Grimes scored 20 points in the third quarter, the most he has scored in any quarter in his career, surpassing his previous high of 19 points. He also had a few assists in the quarter, making him responsible for 28 of the Mavs' 32 third-quarter points. At one point of the third quarter and the start of the fourth, he had scored 17 straight points for Dallas.

When the Mavericks dumped Tim Hardaway Jr.'s bloated salary and three second-round picks to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Grimes, they hoped he could be a key piece to a contending team. He's stepped up in massive ways for the team this season, especially when Doncic and/or Irving have missed time. He finished with 26 points in this game, just two points off of his season-high of 28.

READ MORE: Mavericks Dominated by Cavaliers, 134-122, Suffer Fourth Straight Loss

Stick with MavericksGameday for more FREE coverage of the Dallas Mavericks throughout the 2024-25 Season

Follow MavericksGameday on Twitter and Austin Veazey on Twitter

More Dallas Mavericks News
Mavericks Drop Third Straight, Lose to Rockets 110-99
Jimmy Butler ‘Open’ to Joining Mavericks in Potential Trade
3 Players Get Ejected After Fight During Mavericks-Suns Following Offensive Foul
Luka Doncic Leaves Mavericks-Timberwolves Christmas Game With Non-Contact Injury
Published Jan 4, 2025
AUSTIN VEAZEY

Austin Veazey joined NoleGameday as the Lead Basketball Writer in 2019, while contributing as a football writer, and started as editor for MavericksGameday in 2024. Veazey was a Florida State Men’s Basketball Manager from 2016-2019. Follow Austin on Twitter at @EasyVeazeyNG

Follow EasyVeazeyNG

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/mavericks/news/dallas-mavericks-guard-sets-career-high-loss-cleveland-cavaliers-0125-quentin-grimes 
 ----- 
