 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Lifestyles
Business
Gallery
Sports
Opinion
Obituaries
Records
Contests
Classifieds
Tri-State Living Magazine
Public Notices
E-Edition
Opioid Crisis
NBA Best Bets: Cavaliers vs. Mavericks Picks for January 3

Published 12:39 am Friday, January 3, 2025

By Data Skrive

The Cleveland Cavaliers (29-4) are favored (by 6.5 points) to extend a four-game road winning streak when they visit the Dallas Mavericks (20-14) on Friday, January 3, 2025 at 8:30 PM ET.

Why don’t you take a look at the best bets available (according to our computer predictions) for Friday’s game, before you place a wager on this contest?

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Watch the NBA, other live sports and more on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Use our link to sign up.

Cavaliers vs. Mavericks Game Info
When: Friday, January 3, 2025 at 8:30 PM ET
Where: American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas
TV: KFAA and FDSOH
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Sign up for NBA League Pass to get access to games, live and on-demand, and more for the entire season and offseason.

Cavaliers vs. Mavericks Best Bets

Place your bets on any NBA matchup at BetMGM. Sign up today using our link.

Pick ATS: Mavericks (+ 6.5)
Against the spread, Cleveland is 24-9-0 this year.
Dallas has covered the spread 19 times in 34 games.
Against the spread as 6.5-point favorites or more, the Cavaliers are 14-7.
The Mavericks have won once ATS (1-1) as a 6.5-point underdog or greater this year.

Bet on this game’s spread with BetMGM

Pick OU:

Under (230.5)



Cavaliers games this season have featured more combined points than this contest’s total of 230.5 points 16 times.
Mavericks games this season have had a combined scoring total higher than 230.5 points in 16 of 34 outings.
The average total in Cleveland’s contests this year is 228.1, 2.4 more points than this game’s over/under.
Dallas’ contests this season have a 228.5-point average over/under, two fewer points than this game’s point total.
The Cavaliers score the third-most points in the NBA this season, while the Mavericks’ offense puts up the eighth-most.
The Mavericks have surrendered the 21st-fewest points in NBA play this season, while the Cavaliers have given up the 10th-fewest.

Bet on this game’s total with BetMGM

Moneyline Pick: Cavaliers (-275)
The Cavaliers have been favorites in 30 games this season and won 27 (90%) of those contests.
The Mavericks have been victorious in six, or 50%, of the 12 contests they have been chosen as underdogs in this season.
This season, Cleveland has won 19 of its 20 games, or 95%, when favored by at least -275 on the moneyline.
This year, Dallas has won one of two games when listed as at least +220 or better on the moneyline.
The implied probability of a win from the Cavaliers, based on the moneyline, is 73.3%.

Bet on this game’s moneyline with BetMGM

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE BETTING PREVIEW
Bengals vs. Steelers Same Game Parlay Picks – NFL Week 18
Bengals vs. Steelers: Odds, Moneyline, and Spread – Week 18
Browns vs. Ravens: Odds, Moneyline, and Spread – Week 18
NBA Best Bets: Cavaliers vs. Lakers Picks for December 31
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
Best Bets, Odds for the Bengals vs. Steelers Game – Week 18

The Cincinnati Bengals (8-8) visit a struggling Pittsburgh Steelers (10-6) squad on Saturday, January 4, 2025 at Acrisure…

Will Michael Bunting Score a Goal Against the Panthers on January 3?

For those looking to bet on the upcoming game between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Florida Panthers on…

Will Sidney Crosby Score a Goal Against the Panthers on January 3?

In the upcoming game versus the Florida Panthers, which starts at 7:00 PM ET on Friday, can we…

Will Bryan Rust Score a Goal Against the Panthers on January 3?

In the upcoming tilt against the Florida Panthers, which starts at 7:00 PM ET on Friday, can we…

How to Watch Top 25 College Basketball Games – Friday, January 3

Ranked teams will be on Friday’s college basketball schedule for two games, including the Michigan State Spartans playing…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Polls

How closely are you following the U.S. Senate race in Ohio?

 Very closely
 Somewhat closely
 Not very closely
 Not at all

View Results

Special Sections
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Classifieds
Small Business
Services
About Us
Policies
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit A Classified Advertisement
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Copyright
© 2025, The Tribune
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irontontribune.com/2025/01/03/nba-best-bets-cavaliers-vs-mavericks-picks-for-january-3/ 
 ----- 
