    Subscribe
SPORTS
Garland bags 40 as Cavs down Raptors for 12th straight win
Agence France-Presse
January 10, 2025 | 12:52pm
 
CLEVELAND, OHIO - JANUARY 08: Darius Garland #10 of the Cleveland Cavaliers reacts during the second quarter against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse on January 08, 2025 in Cleveland, Ohio. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement.
Jason Miller / Getty Images / AFP

LOS ANGELES, United States — Darius Garland erupted for 40 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers came from behind to extend their unbeaten streak to 12 games with a 132-126 defeat of the Toronto Raptors on Thursday (Friday, Manila time). 

Twenty-four hours after their bruising win over the Western Conference-leading Oklahoma City Thunder, the Cavs looked poised to suffer a huge upset after the Raptors opened up a 12-point lead late in the third quarter.

But a late burst of scoring from Garland hauled the Cavs back into the contest and a lopsided 34-23 fourth quarter sealed a battling victory for the Eastern Conference leaders.

Garland finished with 40 points from 14-of-22 shooting -- 14 points coming in a fourth quarter flurry that swung the game decisively to Cleveland.

Cavaliers coach Kenny Atkinson was left in no doubt as to the size of Garland's contribution to a win which leaves Cleveland leading the standings with a 33-4 record, six games clear of the reigning champion Boston Celtics.

"He carried us," Atkinson said of Garland's performance. "This is the first game all year where I felt like one guy carried us.

"We weren't good but he single-handedly took over this game."

Atkinson said Garland's performance was further proof of why he should be a shoo-in for next month's All-Star game.

"I respect the league but he's got to be in that top, All-Star tier. He's phenomenal. He completely took over the game and carried us."

With Donovan Mitchell missing from the Cavaliers line-up, Garland's scoring support came from Evan Mobley with 21 points while Jarrett Allen provided 18 points with 15 rebounds, two blocks and a steal to cap a fine all round display.

In other NBA games on Thursday, the injury-hit Dallas Mavericks produced a late fourth quarter escape to grab a 117-111 win over the Portland Trail Blazers in Dallas.

The Mavs, missing injured stars Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving, looked headed for defeat after trailing by 10 points with just over four minutes remaining.

But an electrifying 16-0 run flipped the script and set up an unlikely Dallas win. P.J. Washington led the scoring with 23 points and Dereck Lively added 21 to close out victory.

In Orlando meanwhile, Julius Randle finished with 23 points and Anthony Edwards added 21 as the Minnesota Timberwolves cruised to a 104-89 victory over the Orlando Magic.

In Detroit, the Golden State Warriors held off the Pistons to dig out a 107-104 win on the road.

Buddy Hield led the Warriors scorers with 19 points while Stephen Curry finished with 17 after an uncharacteristically wayward shooting performance from long-range.

Curry made only five-of-21 shots from the field, including only two of 14 attempted three-pointers.

In Los Angeles, meanwhile, the Lakers' home game against the Charlotte Hornets was postponed due to the raging wildfires which have left swathes of the city in ruins.

"We're heartbroken for Los Angeles," the Lakers said in a statement on their website. "Our thoughts are with all those impacted by this unimaginable situation.

"And our gratitude is with the first responders and all of you who come together when we need each other the most. Tonight's game will be rescheduled to focus on what matters most today."

Lakers head coach J.J. Redick was among the thousands affected by the blazes, with his Pacific Palisades home incinerated by the inferno.

BASKETBALL
NBA
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Philippine women's lacrosse team scoops up historic bronze in world tilt
Morant lifts Grizzlies over Timberwolves
The Country Club Invitational golf tourney to feature formidable cast
Fajardo, Quiambao, Morado-De Guzman to get citations at PSA Awards
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
LOOK: Celebrities Anne Curtis, Marian Rivera, others praise the new vivo X200 Pro
Cebuana Lhuillier ventures into future of payments at Plan B Forum in Switzerland
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATESTTRENDING
Latest 
Phoenix learns from losses with long-awaited win streak
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 3 hours ago
After struggling to string together wins in the past few PBA conferences, the Phoenix Fuel Masters finally won two in a row...
SPORTS
 
Hoey stumbles with 70, slips to joint 29th
By Jan Veran | 3 hours ago
Rico Hoey faced a tougher challenge at the Wai?alae Country Club course on moving day, settling for an even-par 70 that dropped...
SPORTS
 
ZOL Esports comes up short in Predator League 2025 Valorant tilt
By Michelle Lojo | 4 hours ago
All-FIlipino Valorant team ZOL Esports failed to claim the Predator Shield in the Asia-Pacific Predator League 2025 Valorant...
SPORTS
 
Folayang rekindles rivalry with Aoki in ONE Championship Japan card
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 4 hours ago
After more than a year away from the ONE Championship ring, Filipino mixed martial arts legend Eduard Folayang will be back...
SPORTS
 
Cunningham triple-double leads Pistons over Raptors
4 hours ago
Cade Cunningham's 23-point triple-double propelled the Detroit Pistons to a bounce-back NBA victory on Saturday (Sunday, Manila...
SPORTS
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/sports/2025/01/10/2413240/garland-bags-40-cavs-down-raptors-12th-straight-win 
 ----- 
