NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Orioles' Bautista to have Tommy John surgery, will miss playoffs and likely 2024 season
Associated Press
September 30, 2023 - 6:11pm
Baltimore Orioles relief pitcher Felix Bautista looks on during the ninth inning of a baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Colorado Rockies. (Julio Cortez/AP)
2 comments

BALTIMORE (AP) — Baltimore Orioles reliever Félix Bautista will have Tommy John surgery next month and miss the playoffs and likely the entire 2024 season. 

The 28-year-old right-hander was placed on the 15-day injured list on Aug. 26, one day after he was hurt during a game against the Colorado Rockies.

“That was kind of the long-term conclusion as soon as we had our arms around the injury,” general manager Mike Elias said Saturday.

Bautista also agreed to a $2 million, two-year contract that calls for $1 million salaries in each of the next two season. Bautista also would get a $50,000 bonus for All-Star selection, $100,000 for winning the Mariano Rivera/Trevor Hoffman reliever of the year award and $50,000 for becoming a Rivera/Hoffman finalist. Bautista would have been eligible for salary arbitration after the 2024 season.

Bautista had hoped to return for the postseason Baltimore's first postseason appearance since 2016. The AL East champions open the Division Series on Oct. 7.

“To Félix’s credit, bless his heart, he realized there might be a window to keep his arm throwing, up and running,” Elias said. “But we just ran out of time for this to be a feasible and successful option for the postseason, and it stopped making sense, so we went ahead and scheduled the surgery. There’s nothing that changed or nothing that happened in the last couple of weeks that he’s been throwing.”

Bautista was 8-2 with a 1.48 ERA and 33 saves in 39 chances. The first-time All-Star struck out 110 of 237 batters.

“He should be back to being Félix Bautista in the spring of 2025,” Elias said.

MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/orioles-bautista-to-have-tommy-john-surgery-will-miss-playoffs-and-likely-2024-season/ 
 ----- 
