HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

⁠Netherlands vs Canada Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | International Friendlies 2024
Published at :
June 5, 2024 at 8:41 AM
Modified at :
June 5, 2024 at 8:41 AM

Manav Chowdhury

0
0
Another exciting international friendly clash to watch out for

Netherlands continue their final preparations for Euro 2024 with an international friendly against Canada on Thursday evening at De Kuip. For the Dutch, it allows them to sort out their formation, tactical tweaks, and planning before the UEFA Euro 2024 group fixture begins this June. Ronald Koeman is preparing to take the Netherlands into another tournament as one of the dark horses in a bid to end their 36-year wait for another major trophy. The Dutch have enough quality players to perform very well on the pitch against a good Canadian side.

These two nations have gone three decades without crossing paths, with the Netherlands running out 3-0 victors when they met in Toronto in 1994. Canada should treat this friendly fixture against the Dutch and the following match against France as a chance to garner some momentum by delivering strong performances, leading into the Copa America 2024. This will be an exciting and mouthwatering fixture for sure as both teams have quality players and both will give each other a tough challenge.

Kick-Off:

Thu, 6th Jun 2024, 06:45 PM (GMT), 02:15 PM (EST)

Fri, 7th Jun 2024, 12:15 AM (IST)

Stadium: De Kuip

Form

Netherlands Form (All Competitions): L-W-W-W-W-L

Canada Form (All Competitions): W-L-L-W-L-W

Players to Watch
Denzel Dumfries (Netherlands)

He is extremely active down the right-hand side, constantly charging up and down the pitch. Dumfries attacking output is arguably his greatest asset, he utilizes his strength, pace and athleticism to dispossess opposing attackers. Due to his pace and athletic frame, he is able to quickly close down and block off the passing lanes, subsequently increasing his chances of successfully dispossessing the opposition player.

Jonathan David (Canada)

He is a versatile player who can play in multiple positions, he can play as a Centre forward as well as an attacking midfielder and is very well known for his goalscoring ability. He is really good at finding small gaps which he exploits very well to attack the opposition.

He is also able to play short passes and combine with his teammates to attack the goal area, Jonathan is able to play best with his tight control and sharp interplay between teammates. Due his physicality he is also able to shrug off the defenders challenges and is a threat for the opposition on counter attacks.

Match Facts
Netherlands score 2.17 goals when playing at home and Canada score 1.4 goals when playing away (on average).
Netherlands’s performance in the last 5 matches is better than Canada’s.
When Canada leads 0-1 away, they win in 100% of their matches.
Netherland vs Canada: Betting Tips and Odds
Tip 1 – Both teams to score.
Tip 2 – Memphis Depay to be the First Goalscorer.
Tip 3 – Netherlands to win by 2-0.

The Dutch have 1.38 odds in favour of them to win the match, 4.70 odds in favour of the match ending in a draw and 7.20 odds in favour of Canada to win this fixture.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top five most successful English clubs of all-time
Managers with most trophies in football history
Top 10 most valuable teams in MLS 2024
Euro 2024: Start date, end date, telecast & more
Top 10 clubs with most Premier League titles
Injury and Team News

No major injury reports or team news come from the Dutch national football team and all the players will be available for the upcoming match.

The visitors are pretty much expected to turn up against the Dutch team with their strongest possible squad.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 1

Netherland: 1

Canada: 0

Draws: 0

Predicted Lineups
Netherlands Predicted Lineup (3-4-1-2):

Verbruggen(GK); Ake, De Ligt, Van Dijk; Dumfries, Veerman, Reijnders, Blind; Koopmeiners; Gakpo, Depay

Canada Predicted Lineup (5-3-2):

Crepeau(GK); Buchanan, Laryea, Miller, Johnston, Davies; Eustaquio, Kone, David; Larin, Ugbo

Match Prediction

The away team have the top-quality players to give a tough challenge to the Dutch team at their home but still, the home team have enough quality to overcome the challenge and win the match. The Netherlands will win this match with ease.

Prediction: Netherlands 2-0 Canada

Telecast

India: Sony Sports Network, Sony Liv

UK: Premier Sports 2

USA: ESPN, FOX Sports

Nigeria: No Telecasat

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Alisson Becker speaks on Liverpool's playing style under Jurgen Klopp vs Arne Slot
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 82, Jamshedpur FC vs Kerala Blasters
Barcelona set to activate new economic lever to register Dani Olmo & Pau Victor
Mumbai City FC vs NorthEast United lineups, team news, prediction & preview
Hyderabad FC's Shameel Chembakath shares his thoughts after draw against East Bengal FC
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-netherlands-vs-canada-international-friendlies-match-preview-202406 
 ----- 
