Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jarren Duran Chasing Boston Red Sox History as 2024 Races to Finish
The Boston Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers in a huge game on Friday night and Jarren Duran continues to re-write the history books.
Brady Farkas | Aug 31, 2024
Boston Red Sox outfielder Jarren Duran (16) celebrates after he hits a home run tenth inning against the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on Aug 30. / Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Boston Red Sox

The Boston Red Sox needed extra-innings, but they beat the Detroit Tigers 7-5 on Friday night at Comerica Park. With the win, the Red Sox are 70-65 on the season. Detroit is 68-68 after the loss.

The Red Sox remain 3.5 games back of the third and final wild card spot in the American League after the victory.

Kenley Jansen earned the win in relief while Chris Martin got the save. Offensively, the Red Sox were once-again led by leadoff man Jarren Duran, who went 3-for-5 with two doubles and a home run. It's been an incredible season for the speedster, who is now hitting .295. He made the All-Star Game, won the All-Star Game MVP and is likely to finish in the top-five of American League MVP voting.

He's also chasing some prestigious Red Sox history as well, per @SoxNotes:

Most XBH as a leadoff hitter in 2024:

1. JARREN DURAN 75
2. Gunnar Henderson 51
3. Francisco Lindor 49

Most XBH as a leadoff hitter in a season (Red Sox history):

1. Nomar Garciaparra 85 (1997)
2. Mookie Betts 84 (2018)
3. Jacoby Ellsbury 79 (2011)
4. JARREN DURAN 75 (2024)

Duran has 21 homers, 44 doubles and 13 triples, so he actually has 78 extra-base hits in total. He's been a force for Alex Cora at the top of the lineup, which has been especially valuable considering that Trevor Story (shoulder) and Triston Casas (ribcage) missed nearly the entire season.

The Red Sox and Tigers will play again on Saturday night with first pitch coming at 6:10 p.m. ET. Nick Pivetta will get the ball for Boston while Tarik Skubal pitches for the Tigers.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our FanNation on SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Aug 31, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/jarren-duran-chasing-boston-red-sox-history-as-2024-races-to-finish-in-terms-of-extra-base-hits-as-leadoff-hitter 
 ----- 
