Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
49ers receiver Aiyuk says Brock Purdy has 'it' factor: 'He gives us a bunch of confidence'

Can San Francisco win a Super Bowl with Purdy at QB?

Brock Purdy responds to Patrick Peterson saying he'll pick him offNBC Sports Bay Area
JB
Actualizado 12/09/2023 - 17:43 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Brock Purdy is the 'truth', leads 49ers in drilling of Steelers for season opener
NFL. Colin Kaepernick amongst the options to replace Aaron Rodgers in New York

Brock Purdy's rise to stardom in San Francisco has been as rapid as it was unlikely. The former seventh-round pick -- a "Mr. Irrelevant" as the final pick in the 2022 NFL Draft -- has won all six of his regular-season starts since taking ver as the 49ers' quarterback late last season, and it seems he has earned the respect of his teammates in the Bay.

Wide receiver Brandon Aiyuk is one of the 49ers who gets along the best with Purdy, as he revealed during an appearance on local radio Tuesday. Aiyuk, now in his fourth NFL season, said he enjoys playing with the former Iowa State signal-caller and described how his high level of confidence has trickled down through the locker room.

Purdy has poise

Speaking on the "Murph and Mac" show, Aiyuk -- fresh off recording two touchdowns in San Francisco's Week 1 win over the Pittsburgh Steelers -- said Purdy has an "it" factor that he can't quite define. But the former Arizona State Sun Devil said he knows an "it" factor when he sees it.

Aiyuk has had multiple starting quarterbacks -- including Jimmy Garoppolo and Trey Lance -- since he entered the NFL as a first-round pick in 2020. But he says the 49ers believe they're going to win every time they step on the field since Purdy took over.

"Purdy, I'm enjoying playing with him," Aiyuk said. "He gives us confidence every single week. He gives us a bunch of confidence. So much confidence going in every game that not only are we going to win the game, but you have a chance to have a great game as well. So I'm loving playing with him."

A strengthening connection

Purdy and Aiyuk linked up eight times at Acrisure Stadium on Sunday -- including twice for touchdowns. Aiyuk recorded 129 yards receiving and already appears well on his way to a second consecutive 1,000-yard season.

MORE in MARCA
Former child...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

San Francisco will face tougher challenges than the Steelers' defense, but the season-opening 30-7 win was a statement -- Purdy looks here to stay, and Aiyuk could be his #1 receiver. Trust has a lot to do with that, according to Aiyuk.

"I think trust is very big. We talk about it in our offense all the time," he said. "If the quarterback can trust we're going to be in a spot, where we're supposed to be, then we can complete passes even when we have terrible looks. We can still continue to complete the ball, move the sticks, keep the offense flowing. And I think trust is the main thing with that."

San Francisco 49ers - English
NFL - English
Brock Purdy - English
San Francisco 49ersBrock Purdy is the 'truth', leads 49ers in drilling of Steelers for season opener
San Francisco 49ers49ers appoint Brock Purdy as captain for 2023 NFL season
Pittsburgh SteelersPatrick Peterson fuels Week 1 rivalry with interception trash talk, Brock Purdy responds
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
Scootmobiel kope n?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Verbrand ongewen st buikvet met...
goldentree.nl
Stap in de nieuwe Kia EV6. Ontvang...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/13/6500e157e2704e53258b45ea.html 
 ----- 
