Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with $15 per month
Support us
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Aleksandar Mitrovic leads the celebrations after Serbia booked their place in Germany with a 2-2 draw in Leskovac. Photograph: Srđan Stevanovic/Uefa/Getty Images
Euro 2024 qualifying
 This article is more than 1 year old
Serbia seal historic Euro 2024 finals place after nervy draw with Bulgaria
This article is more than 1 year old
Gavi sustains potentially serious knee injury in Spain’s win
Lukaku hits four for Belgium; Portugal keep 100% record
Reuters and Guardian sport
Sun 19 Nov 2023 22.41 GMT
Share

Serbia have qualified for Euro 2024 – their first Euros finals berth as an independent nation – after a nervy 2-2 home draw against Bulgaria in their final Group G game on Sunday.

Dragan Stojkovic’s side knew a point would be enough, even if Montenegro beat already qualified Hungary. Montenegro, the third-placed team in the group, went ahead in Budapest but lost 3-1. Serbia, meanwhile, fell behind in the second half before Srdjan Babic made certain of qualification with a late leveller.

Scotland celebrate Euro 2024 place despite Norway rescuing late draw
Read more

It had looked straightforward for the hosts when Milos Veljkovic headed home to open the scoring in the 16th minute, but fans in Leskovac began to feel the nerves after Slobodan Rubezic’s first-half strike for Montenegro about 500 miles away.

Bulgaria, bottom of the group and seeking their first win, fought back in the second half with Georgi Rusev levelling in the 59th minute with a fine finish. Kiril Despodov, who had hit the bar in the first half, stunned the home crowd 10 minutes later as he lifted the ball over Vanja Milinkovic-Savic to put the visitors ahead.

Thankfully for Serbia, news quickly came through that Dominik Szoboszlai had scored twice in two minutes to put Hungary in front. Babic then headed home from close range in the 82nd minute to earn a draw and allow the celebrations to start.

View image in fullscreen
Dominik Szoboszlai (left) scored twice as Hungary ended their campaign with a 3-1 win. Photograph: Tamás Kovács/EPA

Romelu Lukaku scored four goals in 20 first-half minutes as Belgium cruised to a 5-0 victory over 10-man Azerbaijan in Group F in blustery Brussels. Lukaku put on a magnificent display of clinical finishing as he took his tally in the pool to 14 in eight games as Belgium earned top spot. Azerbaijan finished in fourth.

The home side were 4-0 up inside 37 minutes as they profited from an early red card for Azerbaijan’s Eddy Israfilov who was sent off for a second booking after a wild lunge on Lukaku. Leandro Trossard scored a late fifth goal, but Belgium’s effort was spearheaded by their captain Lukaku, who took his tally of international goals to 83 in 113 appearances before he was substituted at half-time.

In the other game in Group F, Sweden ran out 2-0 winners over Estonia. It was the final match in the seven-year reign of the departing Sweden manager, Janne Andersson, rounded off in style thanks to goals from Viktor Claesson and Emil Forsberg.

Spain’s Robin Le Normand and Ferran Torres scored before an own goal by Luka Lochoshvili finished off a 3-1 win against Georgia in their final Group A match. The hosts sealed top spot with 21 points after seven wins in eight matches, having lost only to second-placed Scotland, who ended on 17 points after a 3-3 draw with Norway.

Spain grabbed the lead in the fourth minute after a free-kick from Torres on the left was headed home by Le Normand for his first international goal. Georgia levelled six minutes later after a quick break and simple finish from Khvicha Kvaratskhelia before Spain were dealt another blow as their Barcelona midfielder Gavi left the pitch in tears with a potentially serious knee injury. The home side restored their lead 10 minutes into the second half with Torres’s header before Lochoshvili put the ball in his own net in the 72nd minute.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Spain’s coach, Luis de la Fuente, said of Gavi’s injury: “It is a very hard, very difficult moment, above all for our player, but also for Barcelona, the federation, the national team, his teammates, for me. We are distraught. The mood in the locker room was like we had lost. But this is part of soccer, this is its ugly side.”

View image in fullscreen
Gavi reacts after injuring his right knee during Spain’s win against Georgia. Photograph: Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images

Portugal earned a 10th win from 10 games to finish off a perfect qualification campaign via a 2-0 victory against Iceland. Bruno Fernandes scored the opener in the first half before the substitute Ricardo Horta doubled the hosts lead on 66 minutes.

The Group J runners-up Slovakia signed off with a 2-1 win in Bosnia and Herzegovina, coming from behind to earn victory with goals from Robert Bozenik and Lubomir Satka either side of a red card for the home side’s Renato Gojkovic. Luxembourg won 1-0 in Liechtenstein despite being down to 10 men after five minutes after Danel Sinani’s red card.

Explore more on these topics
Euro 2024 qualifying
European Championship
Euro 2024
Serbia
Bulgaria
Hungary
Belgium
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2023/nov/19/euro-2024-qualifying-roundup-serbia-belgium-portugal-spain 
 ----- 
