Home
Play
Radio
Sport
Local
International
F1
As it happened
European Qualifiers 2024: Liechtenstein 0 - 1 Luxembourg
RTL|Update: 19.11.2023 23:02

Luxembourg play their final Group J qualifying match on Sunday evening in Vaduz. Catch all the action in our live stream, with text commentary.

The Red Lions are set to conclude their impressive qualifying campaign at the Rheinpark Stadium on Sunday evening, following their win over Bosnia-Herzegovina at home on Friday.

Although Luxembourg cannot qualify directly now, finishing in third place in the group, they are guaranteed a spot in the play-offs in March. More on this and all the action from tonight in our live text commentary from Jonathon Dunne.

22:58 19/11/2023
They might be talking about perfect Portugal...

But let's just enjoy that historic third place finish from the Red Lions!

22:53 19/11/2023
What to look forward to?

Well for the Red Lions, in case you missed it, we have the playoffs in March with a spot at EURO 2024 on the line.

Before that, here at RTL Today we have more live Champions League coverage for you as the group stages come to a close, 9 days from today.

All in all, exciting times ahead.

22:51 19/11/2023
Elsewhere tonight

Here are the other scores from around Europe tonight:

Full Time:

Belgium 5 - 0 Azerbaijan
Sweden 2 - 0 Estonia
Hungary 3 - 1 Montenegro
Serbia 2 - 2 Bulgaria
Scotland 3 - 3 Norway
Spain 3 - 1 Georgia
Bosnia & Herzegovina 1 - 2 Slovakia
Portugal 2 - 0 Iceland

22:44 19/11/2023
Full Time
Liechtenstein 0 - 1 Luxembourg

It's an ugly win for Luxembourg to finish up the campaign.

It wasn't a classic by any stretch of the imagination. Coming into this one Luxembourg would have been hoping to continue on from their tremendous performance against Bosnia & Herzegovina earlier this week. But only 5 minutes in all of Luc Holtz's plans were thrown out the window as Danel Sinani saw red for a reckless challenge.

What followed was a backs to the wall job by the Red Lions. For large stretches of the game they didn't look troubled as they controlled possession but they were living on the edge as they struggled to create openings, and slowly the hosts were able to make their man advantage count.

Then Luc Holtz made some changes in the second half, and once again Bohnert was able to step up with a magical cross into the box for a teammate to head home.

It was a game of very few chances, and Salanovic wasted the hosts best opportunity of the game as he broke free down the left but could only fire straight at Moris, scuffing his shot into the turf.

The Red Lions will be happy to have come out of this one without injury with the number of hard tackles the hosts put in, and they may feel hard done by that it didn't earn more cautions for their opponents.

And now they can look ahead to March and a playoff match against Georgia, with a spot at EURO 2024 on the line.

22:41 19/11/2023
90' +6
Freekick Liechtenstein

Last chance saloon for the hosts?

It fails to clear the first man and Gerson wins another freekick for Luxembourg to relieve the pressure.

22:39 19/11/2023
90' +3
Gerson wins a freekick

Luxembourg are trying to just kill off these last minutes, winning freekicks wherever possible.

22:36 19/11/2023
90'
8 minutes added on

That seems like a lot! But we still have a little way to go here!

22:35 19/11/2023
88'
Substitution for Luxembourg

Laurent Jans comes off to chants from the travelling Luxembourg fans, replaced by Marvin Martins for the final few minutes.

Leandro Barreiro takes the armband in the absence of Christopher Martins.

Show more

Team sheet 

© Roland Miny

Goalkeepers:
Moris Anthony, Pereira Cardoso Tiago, Schon Ralph

Defence:
Bohnert Florian, Carlson Dirk, Chanot Maxime, Goncalves Pinto Mica, Gerson Lars, Jans Laurent, Korac Seid, Mahmutovic Enes, Martins Marvin

Midfield:
Barreiro Martins Leandro, Martins Christopher, Olesen Mathias, Rupil Timothé, Thill Olivier, Thill Sébastien, Thill Vincent

Forwards:
Curci Alessio, Jonathans David, Muratovic Edvin, Rodrigues Gerson, Rodrigues James, Sinani Danel

Staff:

HOLTZ Luc, national coach
SANTOS Daniel, assistant coach
ORIGER Claude, fitness coach
DUARTE FORTE Rui Manuel, goalkeeper coach
Dr DANG Patrick, team doctor
Dr HEINZ Lara, team doctor
HOFFMANN Gilles, physiotherapist
KÄHLER Alexander, physiotherapist
DESHOUX Erwan, physiotherapist
GONIN Clément, video analyst
DE BORGER Carlo, kit manager
DE OLIVEIRA Domingos, kit manager
HUSS Léon, kit manager

Table
Links

TELE: Goal - De Football zu Lëtzebuerg

RADIO: FLF-Magazin

Most read
Update – Cetinje
Montenegro shooting rampage leaves 12 dead, including children
Montenegro shooting rampage leaves 12 dead, including children
Key dates and shopping tips
Winter sales start in Luxembourg and the Greater Region
Winter sales start in Luxembourg and the Greater Region
Two injured
Helicopter joins emergency response to morning accidents
Helicopter joins emergency response to morning accidents
Careful on the roads
Meteolux warns of freezing rain during the weekend
Meteolux warns of freezing rain during the weekend
Weather & Traffic
Thursday, 2 January: Happy snow year
Thursday, 2 January: Happy snow year
More news
Gearing up to the Hundred
Former Australia coach Langer to take charge of London Spirit
Former Australia coach Langer to take charge of London Spirit
Bigger picture
Everton boss Dyche unconcerned by Maupay jibe
Everton boss Dyche unconcerned by Maupay jibe
Iconic figure
Agnes Keleti, world's oldest Olympic champion, dies at 103
Agnes Keleti, world's oldest Olympic champion, dies at 103
Too close to new season
Premier League chief fears Club World Cup's impact on Man City and Chelsea
Premier League chief fears Club World Cup's impact on Man City and Chelsea
Warming up for Australian Open
Swiatek battles back to take Poland into United Cup semis
Swiatek battles back to take Poland into United Cup semis
Rising stars
Djokovic cruises past Monfils as rising stars impress in Brisbane
Djokovic cruises past Monfils as rising stars impress in Brisbane
Iconic gymnast
Agnes Keleti, world's oldest Olympic champion, dies at 103
Agnes Keleti, world's oldest Olympic champion, dies at 103
'Wake-up call'
Perera's 46-ball ton gives Sri Lanka consolation T20 win over New Zealand
Perera's 46-ball ton gives Sri Lanka consolation T20 win over New Zealand
Back to top
Subscribe to our newsletter
Do you want to advertise on today.lu? Contact our advertising agency IPLuxembourg directly
News
Luxembourg
World
Fact Check
Business + Tech
Think Lab
Science + Environment
Opinion
Young Voices
Letters
Entertainment
News
The Luxembourg Wurst
Quizzes
Lifestyle
Food
Travel
Sport
Local
International
F1
Family Matters
School & Nursery
What's On: Family Edition
Health & Wellbeing
Activities
After-school
The Expat Family
Shopping & Supplies
TravelMatKanner
Know your rights
Luxembourg Insider
Dining and Drinking
Events and Traditions
Guides
Healthcare
History
Daily Life
Language
Practical Information
Mobility
Traffic
Fuel Prices
Classified
Culture
Music
Theatre + Dance
Exhibitions + History
Film + Books
Agenda
Cinema listings
Pictures
Radio
Jobs
Jobdag
Moovijob
Lifelong Learning
Info
Weather
Emergency Services
Real Estate
Contact us
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Cookie settings
RTL Charter
Push settings
© 2025 RTL Luxembourg. All rights reserved.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
News
Sport
Traffic
People
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://today.rtl.lu/sport/international/a/2139703.html 
 ----- 
