SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
GHANA ALL BUT OUT OF TOURNAMENT AFTER STUNNING MOZAMBIQUE FIGHTBACK
Ghana all but out of tournament after stunning Mozambique fightback
Tom Thornton,
22.01.2024 22:06
Geny Catamo slotted home Mozambique's first of two goals in second-half stoppage time
AFP
Ghana threw away a two-goal lead in stoppage time as Mozambique came from behind to secure a dramatic draw in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). The result sees the Black Stars finish third in Group B, pipping the Mambas on goal difference, although their two-point haul may not be enough for progression.

Ghana were staring down the barrel of consecutive AFCON group stage exits, going six competition matches without a win and in need of a positive result.

It seemed Chris Hughton’s men understood the task at hand, starting on the front foot with Bournemouth’s Antoine Semenyo stinging the palms of Ivane Urrubal inside the opening minute from distance.

Their attacking intent then came to fruition moments later, with Joseph Paintsil drawing a penalty when darting between Mexer and Nanani and catching a trailing leg in the process. On reflection, it looked a soft one from Libyan referee Mohamed Ibrahim, but skipper Jordan Ayew showed no mercy stroking the ball home on his 98th Ghana cap with Urrubal unmoved.

Andre Ayew’s introduction at the break signalled intent as he overtook legendary Rigobert Song as the all-time AFCON appearance maker with 37 over eight consecutive tournaments. 

His first action was to be cautioned before signalling for calm amongst his ranks when Mozambique’s marauding left-back Bruno Langa went close with a driven effort from Lau King’s cutback. Just when the Mambas looked like they were building up a head of steam, their slim hopes were dashed when Ibrahim again pointed to the spot, this time as Mohammed Kudus’ effort crashed against Reinildo’s arm. 

Jordan Ayew once again took responsibility, this time opting for the opposite side, sending a tormented Urrubal the wrong way.

It seemed harsh that two penalty kicks would define Mozambique’s tournament after a 12-year hiatus from the competition, but they had one of their own as they netted what they thought was a consolation late on when Andre Ayew handled in the box, allowing Geny Catamo to convert.

Remarkably, Ghana’s fate was then put out of their hands as Reinildo equalised in stoppage time with a well-timed header. With Egypt managing to secure an equally dramatic result in the group’s other tie, Ghana look likely to exit at the group stages for the second successive tournament on two points.

Flashscore Player of the Match: Jordan Ayew (Ghana)

Mozambique - Ghana player ratings
Flashscore

Check out the match stats from the game with Flashscore.

Share the match report on Facebook.

MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
African football
Ghana
Ghana
Mozambique
Related Articles
From elephants to scorpions: The nicknames of all 2023 AFCON participants
11.01.2024 20:06
2023 Africa Cup of Nations: Everything you need to know about fixtures and dates
05.01.2024 15:09
Ghana's Partey and Lamptey miss out on Cup of Nations finals
01.01.2024 16:35
Show more
Football
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
21 min ago
Updated
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
1 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
1 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
2 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
13 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
13 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
13 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
13 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
15 h ago
Nottingham Forest defence too good for Everton as they continue to defy expectations
15 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/mozambique-ghana-report-2024-01-22/YenRXV6F/ 
 ----- 
