www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 03 23 → Article 1922790
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Saturday, 23 March 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Check out the medal table of 13th African Games after Ghana won 8 gold medals on Friday

« Prev

Next »

Comments (3)

Listen to Article

Share:

File Photo

It was a ‘golden Friday’ for Team Ghana at the African Games with the country winning as many as eight gold medals on Friday, March 22, 2024.

Successes in the finals of the men’s and women’s football, men’s 200m race, men’s high jump, some weight divisions in boxing and men’s hockey shot up Ghana’s gold medal tally from 11 on Thursday to 19 by close day, Friday, March 22, 2024.

The 19 gold medals is the highest the country has ever chalked in the history of the African Games. The 1973 edition which had Ghana winning seven gold medals used to be the highest.

Added to the gold medals are five silver and four bronze medals which came in various competitions on Friday.

The medal-laden Friday has seen Ghana’s medal accumulation rise from 50 on Thursday to an impressive 68 which is the highest the country has managed in the history of Africa’s biggest sporting festival.

Despite Ghana’s outstanding achievements on Friday, the country could still not break into the top five as Egypt, Nigeria, South Africa Tunisia and Algeria continue to hold on to their first, second, third, fourth and fifth positions respectively. Ghana are sixth with 68 medals.

With the tournament ending today, Saturday, March 23, 2024, Egypt looks destined to take the crown of first place with their 187 medal haul.

Nigeria are second with 121 medals after winning 23 more medals on Thursday with South Africa upping their medal accumulation to 106 from 98 in the previous day.

Completing the top five are Algeria and Tunisia who occupy the fourth and fifth positions respectively with 114 and 86 medals each.

Morocco, (34 medals) Ethiopia (22 medals), Mauritius (25 medals) and Kenya (35 medals) complete the top ten.

Chad, Djibouti, Guinea-Bissau, Lesotho and Rwanda who all have a medal each are ranked 41st which is the last position on the medal table.

Check out the full table below

EK/MA

Check out the table below







Our coverage of the 13th African Games is brought to you by Bethel Logistics Co. Ltd. Bethel Logistics, experts in shipping logistics

13th African Games: Final medal table



Related Articles:
Forum for Accountable Governance petitions OSP over $245m expenditure for All African Games
MPs clash in Parliament over breakdown of money spent on African Games
Rose Amankwaah: The Ghanaian sprinter who served as a nurse in the UK for 50 years
13th Africa Games: GIS honours Armwrestling Team, offers recruitment to five medal winners
Black Satellites coach Desmond Ofei names Jose Mourinho as his role model
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 3 comment(s), give your comment
Finance minister to present governm ent's expenditure to Parliament this...
LIVESTREAMED: Parliament resumes sitting, major government business...
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
"Stay Cool, Stay Warm, Stay Comfort able – HVAC Made Easy!"
Watch the skills and passes of Derek Boateng's talented son
Thomas Partey helps Arsenal to reach EFL Cup semi-final with victor...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
"Stay Cool, Stay Warm, Stay Comfortable – HVAC Made Easy!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Health Breakthrough Discovered: Eat This On An Empty Stomach If You're 40+
Gundry MD
|
Sponsored
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Tax Filing Software Tools- Ensure Tax Compliance
Conquer Tax Season With Ease With Tax Filing Software
Traveltrendstoday
|
Sponsored
Learn More
1/2 Cup Of This (After Bed) Can Melt Your Blood Sugar Like Never Before!
Sugar Reverse
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
Outgoing Akufo-Addo govt performs better in 10 out of 13 key macroeconomic indicators
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Check-out-the-medal-table-of-13th-African-Games-after-Ghana-won-8-gold-medals-on-Friday-1922790 
 ----- 
