Skip to content
44°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTS
Padres notes: Scott Barlow finds his fit, Jose Espada’s first, Austin Nola update
Padres reliever Scott Barlow had been rolling until stumbling in his second inning of work on Saturday against the Cardinals
The San Diego Union-Tribune
1 of 2

Padres relief pitcher Scott Barlow (58) reacts after striking out Cardinals second baseman Tommy Edman (19) during the tenth inning at Petco Park on Saturday, Sept. 23, 2023 in San Diego.

By JEFF SANDERS | Jeff.Sanders@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: September 24, 2023 at 11:48 PM PDT

Scott Barlow hopped off the mound in a heap of hair and emotion after catching Tommy Edman looking at the slider he landed on the outside corner to end the 10th inning with the “Manfred man” still anchored at third base.

The 30-year-old reliever has learned, through trial and error, how to rein it back in fairly quickly. His wits were certainly about him when pitching coach Ruben Niebla asked him if he had another inning in him.

The answer: An emphatic yes.

“I’m someone that always wants to be out there pitching,” Barlow said.

The 11th did not go nearly as smoothly as his 18-pitch 10th.

The score still knotted at 2 after the Padres left runners at second and third, Barlow intentionally walked Paul Goldschmidt after failing to get him to chase three pitches outside the zone. Jordan Walker’s ensuing single put runners on the corners and Richie Palacios’ sacrifice fly broke the tie. Two more runs scored before Padres manager Bob Melvin pulled Barlow with both his eight-inning scoreless streak halted and the team’s eight-game winning streak slipping through their fingers.

It did not end well this time, but Barlow has already endeared himself to a bullpen with both his eagerness to get into games and his results.

While he endured a rocky stretch after arriving from Kansas City at the trade deadline, Barlow had allowed one run in 20 innings (0.47 ERA) until Saturday, striking out 23 batters against six walks while holding hitters to a .177/.263/.191 batting line.

Equally important is Barlow’s availability.

Since the trade deadline, Barlow leads all Padres relievers with 26 1/3 innings. The relievers behind him are not especially close: Luis Garcίa (21 2/3 IP), Robert Suarez (19 1/3), Tom Cosgrove (18 1/3), Ray Kerr (17) and Josh Hader (13).

“Lefties, righties, doesn’t matter,” Padres manager Bob Melvin said. “I mean it used to be a little bit of a split where he had a tougher time with lefties, but (he’s got) his breaking ball now and he’s throwing for strikes, throwing it for chase. His sinker seems to be a better pitch for him right now, too, which is moving a little bit harder. He’s been a closer before. He’s just pitching now like he has in his career when he’s been very successful and he’s doing that now.”

Lefties were especially troublesome earlier in the year, as his .280 opponent average against them is still the second highest of his career. But the pairing with Niebla not only had the two experimenting with various grips, it led Barlow wholly embracing his two-seamer as a contact weapon.

“In years past, I would mess around with it and it was almost like I wanted it to be a swing-and-miss pitch, but that’s not necessarily the case,” Barlow said. “It’s something that righties and lefties, you want them to make contact and induce the ground ball.”

That said, it was a strict diet of breaking balls — yes, all 18 pitches — that allowed Barlow to strand the Manfred runner in the 10th. A day later, Barlow spent more energy talking about that pitch usage than the fact that the offense’s letdown led to a second inning of work.

Kansas City had good days, sure.

Petco Park was good every day and that was something to feed off as he did in the 10th inning Saturday night in his final home appearance of the season.

“Day in and day out, like I couldn’t believe it,” said Barlow, under team control through 2024. “Every time you show up on the field, regardless of what day of the week it is, day game, night game, the stands are filled. … It’s unmatched by the show-outs form the fans and everything.”

Keepsake

Sunday’s 12-2 win was well in hand when Richie Palacios swung through a 2-2 slider for the first strikeout of José Espada’s career in the top of the ninth inning. It followed a four-pitch walk in which the 26-year-old rookie wrestled with the speed of the game as he took the mound for a big-league debut in front of a sellout crowd of 42,505.

Hard to blame him.

Last July, Espada was in independent ball when a COVID-19 outbreak at high Single-A Fort Wayne sent the organization scrambling for arms.

“It’s part of the nerves I was feeling,” Espada said through interpreter Danny Sanchez. “It felt like I was a little quick to home plate with my delivery, but I was able to calm down and move past it.”

Espada ultimately walked two batters and struck out two in a scoreless ninth inning to put a bow on Sunday’s MLB debut. He smiled wide as he talked in Petco Park’s home clubhouse, with the strikeout ball that catcher Brett Sullivan threw into the dugout after his first punchout still in the glove in the chair in front of his locker.

“I’m going to hold onto that for the rest of my life,” he said.

Notable
C Austin Nola (vision) has begun a hitting progression at the Padres’ spring training complex in Peoria, Ariz. He hopes to face live pitching in the fall instructional league.
RHP Steven Wilson (hip) will return to Arizona to throw a live batting practice on Tuesday or Wednesday. He hopes to pitch in at least one big-league game before the end of the season.
SS prospect Jackson Merrill (hamstring) was left off Double-A San Antono’s postseason roster and will not be called up this month, as had been loosely discussed earlier this summer — before the Padres bunched their top prospects in San Antonio for the playoffs.

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 4:54 PM PDT
Around the Web
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Prices of Used Cars in Taipei Could Surprise You
Used Cars | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
See How Much Nurses Make in The Canada. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in Canada
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
San Diego escapes a major wildfire as Santa Ana winds die down. More could hit this weekend.
The 6 ickiest spots in your home, and how to clean them
Michael Smolens: Gloria plans an unmistakable message for San Diegans
Why is Los Angeles on fire but San Diego isn’t? It has to do with wind direction
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
2025 NFL Mock Draft: Cam Ward to the Titans in our initial first-round projections
Is it a ‘wildfire’ or a ‘power line fire’? This distinction matters.
1 in 10 Los Angeles homes don’t have insurance, says one estimate
3 San Diego organizations raising funds or collecting donations for L.A. wildfire victims
With more Santa Anas on way, San Diego fire agencies take aggressive stance
Macy's and Kohl's store closures in San Diego County
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
MORE IN SPORTS
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
Padres could be headed to first arbitration hearing since 2014
2023
September
24
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2023/09/24/padres-notes-scott-barlow-finds-his-fit-jose-espadas-first-austin-nola-update/ 
 ----- 
