The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs manager Craig Counsell not sugarcoating 83-79 season: 'We've got work to do'
The Cubs finished the season with the same record they had in 2023.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 30, 2024, 7:41pm UTC

Chicago Cubs manager Craig Counsell looks on from the dugout during the first inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds in Chicago, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. 

Paul Beaty/AP Photos

SHARE
COPY LINK

Sitting in the home dugout at Wrigley Field and addressing reporters before the Cubs’ final game of the season Sunday, manager Craig Counsell could have taken the out that was built into the question: ‘‘Is it naive to think a manager alone can add wins to a team’s record?’’

Instead, he answered the question truthfully.

‘‘It’s never going to be about one person,’’ he said. ‘‘I mean, that is my job — to help us win baseball games. So I should be expected to do that, absolutely.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
LATEST STORIES
Sportscasters' plans to be everything to everyone are overwhelming
Another police chase turned deadly triggers proposed $4.5 million settlement
White Sox avoid arbitration with Andrew Vaughn, three others
Chicago Air Force vet killed in Texas crash with driver of stolen car fleeing cops
The Boat Show settles into its new home
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
ENVIRONMENT
Casino operator Bally’s faces no city fines for demolition debris dumped into the Chicago River
The company hopes to resume the teardown of Chicago Tribune’s former printing plant to make way for new casino.
By Brett Chase  Jan 9, 2025, 7:59pm UTC
COLUMNISTS
Los Angeles is burning — or is it?
We’re entering — or returning to — an era where truth is whatever anybody can convince you is true.
By Neil Steinberg  Jan 9, 2025, 7:53pm UTC
CRIME
Slain gunman who targeted far-right provocateur Nick Fuentes had mounting legal battles
John Lyons, 24, was killed in a shootout with police after fatally shooting three people downstate and then showing up at Fuentes’ apartment building, which had become a magnet for his critics after the address was leaked online in response to a controversial social media post he made.
By Tom Schuba  and  Matthew Hendrickson  Jan 9, 2025, 7:47pm UTC
CITY HALL
Three of CPD's most notorious bad actors trigger $33.75 million in settlements
Former Detective Reynaldo Guevara and former Sgt. Ronald Watts take their place alongside Jon Burge and his midnight crew of Area 2 detectives as the Chicago Police Department’s most notorious bad actors and legal liabilities.
By Fran Spielman  and  Andy Grimm  Jan 9, 2025, 7:36pm UTC
THEATER
Jokes, puns, one-liners: 'Shucked' is a cornucopia of laugh-out-loud comedy at CIBC Theatre
The musical comes complete with a fabulous 21st century sensibility roasted into its “farm-to-fable” tale.
By Catey Sullivan | For the Sun-Times  Jan 9, 2025, 7:34pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/30/cubs-manager-craig-counsell-not-sugarcoating-83-79-season-weve-got-work-to-do 
 ----- 
