Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
CONTRIBUTORS
Opinion | Bruxy Cavey’s megachurch is closing. It’s a reminder that putting blind faith in leaders is always dangerous
Updated Dec. 20, 2024 at 8:23 a.m.
Sept. 4, 2024
2 min read
Save

Bruxy Cavey delivers a sermon at a movie theatre in Kitchener in 2006.

The Record
By Michael Coren Contributor

Rev. Michael Coren is a Toronto writer. His memoir, “Heaping Coals,” can be preordered now.

Note: Two remaining sexual assault charges against Bruxy Cavey were withdrawn in a Hamilton courtroom Wednesday Sept. 4, 2024.

The Meeting House, one of the largest churches in Canada, has announced that it is closing down. “It is with sadness that we are required to bring the public-facing ministry of The Meeting House to an end as of August 29,” its leaders stated on the Oakville-based church’s website. “Going forward, there will no longer be churches operating programs or doing ministry under the banner of The Meeting House” but “new missional churches” will be launched.

The decision isn’t a complete shock. With its numerous plant branches and home churches throughout Ontario the church reached 5,000 people, but paused programming earlier this year when it was unable to find abuse liability insurance. The hope was that this was temporary.

Therein lies the central reason for the church’s collapse. The man on whom the church was largely built is the deeply charismatic Bruxy Cavey, and in December, 2021 he was placed on leave of absence pending an investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct.

Then, in June, 2022, he was charged by Hamilton police with sexual assault. This July that charge was stayed by the court. Two remaining sexual assault charges against him were withdrawn in a Hamilton courtroom Wednesday. Full disclosure. I know Cavey has tried to provide some form of counsel since all this began.

It’s not for me to comment on the charges, but I have attended several times and saw Cavey take a small community church in a school hall to a converted theatre where crowds would gather to worship. I remember him saying to the assembled enthusiasts, “If you’re here just for me, then please leave now.” Then he stressed that church was about Jesus rather than the priest or preacher.

Problem is, many of those listening were there precisely because of him, which is why his failing and falling has caused such devastation. This isn’t the first time, and won’t be the last, that personality-driven churches tumble when leadership is exposed as flawed or even criminal.

In this case there seems to be a systemic failure to address an obvious problem and it has resulted in multimillion-dollar civil lawsuits from women alleging the church’s breach of duty of care in earlier situations.

In many denominations a church facing so many accusations would likely have already been closed. The Meeting House is part of a Mennonite group called Be in Christ, the Canadian branch of the Brethren in Christ, but is sufficiently large to have always seemed autonomous.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

It also raises the question of why so many Christians, especially younger Christians, feel the need for novel, ostensibly heroic leaders, who seem to offer something fresh. In Cavey’s case, beyond his undeniable abilities was his persona — long hair, tattoos, jeans and what one of the church members insisted to me was, “Such a different type of guy up there telling us about the Bible. He’s cool.”

It’s to the shame of the mainstream church that we’ve left a vacuum, created a stereotype or even a caricature of what a leader looks and sounds like, and made so many people feel that they need an alternative, sometimes any alternative.

But the appeal of the compelling leader is a dangerous phenomenon, whether it be religious or political — European populism, Donald Trump, and 20th-century dictators have proven that. Churches are more vulnerable because with a leap of faith comes a leap of trust, and one of the most painful things I’ve ever heard was the oft-repeated response of Roman Catholic parents when their children claimed to have been abused. “Father would never do that. He’s a priest!” God wept.

I genuinely mourn for everybody involved in this current awful mess but for the life of me I’m not especially surprised.

Editor’s note — Sept. 6, 2024

This column has been updated to reflect the fact two remaining sexual assault charges against Bruxy Cavey were withdrawn in a Hamilton courtroom Wednesday.

Opinion articles are based on the author’s interpretations and judgments of facts, data and events. More details

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
2 days ago
FEDERAL POLITICS
India alleges widespread trafficking of international students through Canada to U.S.
58 mins ago
REAL ESTATE
Laneway housing has finally popped up in Toronto’s tony Rosedale neighbourhood. Will there be more to come?
1 hr ago
GTA
‘We’re reaping what we’re sowing’: Why more young Torontonians are being charged with homicide and gun crimes
5 hrs ago
CANADA
Emergency exit or dead end? How vulnerable migrant workers in Canada are being failed by an open-permit program
4 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Experts sound the alarm on credit report errors amid rising personal insolvency filings
25 mins ago
BUSINESS
Trump’s tariff threat could drive interest rates even lower in 2025, economists predict
30 mins ago
ALBERTA
Multi-vehicle crash in Calgary kills nine-year-old child on Boxing Day: police
3 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Opinion
READERS’ LETTERS
OPINION
Our Christmas tree in Amsterdam was all lit up with burning candles
7 hrs ago
Comments
STAR COLUMNISTS
OPINION
Edward Keenan: Beach visits, island hopping, baseball action: 17 — yes, 17 — reasons to love Toronto this winter
Article was updated 4 hrs ago
Comments
QUIZ
OPINION
A rare moment of unity, the eclipse brought millions together. Was it the biggest event of 2024?
8 hrs ago
Comments
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Have diversity initiatives died? Maybe in the U.S. — but there is still time for Canada
8 hrs ago
Comments
A GOOD LIFE
OPINION
Help! I think my cool cousin wants to have sex with me!
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
FEDERAL POLITICS
We asked 152 Liberal MPs whether Justin Trudeau should resign. Here’s what we heard back
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/opinion/contributors/bruxy-caveys-megachurch-is-closing-its-a-reminder-that-putting-blind-faith-in-leaders-is/article_f682b178-6a01-11ef-a368-b71fa48347fa.html 
 ----- 
