www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 03 26 → Article 1923219
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Tuesday, 26 March 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

I have evidence of how I tried to get David Akologo to play for Ghana – Richard Kingson

« Prev

Next »

Comments (9)

Listen to Article

Share:

Former Black Stars goalkeepers' trainer, Richard Kingson

One of the major talking points from Otto Addo’s recent squad was the call-up of Bolivia-based goalkeeper, David Akologo.

The controversy did not stem from the competence or qualification of David Akologo, but rather the timing of the call-up, just as the goalkeeper confirmed the completion of his nationality switch from Ghana to Bolivia.

In fact, at the time the Ghana squad was announced on March 18, 2024, David Akologo was in the camp of Bolivia, who were preparing for their friendly game against Algeria.

The development led to criticism of the previous technical team of the Black Stars, particularly, the goalkeepers’ trainer, Richard Kingson.

Some Ghanaians called out Olele for not ensuring that Akologo, who has been making waves with his Bolivian club, Club Aurora, in their league, was invited for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON).

Angel FM, on the March 19 edition of their sports show, sought answers from Richard Kingson over his supposed failure to get the goalkeeper to commit to Ghana.

According to the producer of the show, Olele declined to comment publicly on the matter but insisted that he did all he could to get the then-technical team to have a look at the goalkeeper.

According to Benjamin Owusu, who is the producer of the show and was tasked with calling the legendary goalkeeper, Olele dared to produce evidence of communication between him and Akologo to prove how hard he tried to get the goalkeeper to play for Ghana.

“Per the conversation he (Olele) had with me, he did his best and has evidence of how he tried to get Akologo to play for Ghana. As to why the goalkeeper couldn’t play for the country, he laughed over it. He said he has evidence of his communications with Akologo,” the producer said on the show.

In the absence of Akologo, Ghana went into the game against Nigeria and Uganda with Lawrence Ati-Zigi, Jojo Wollacott and Frederick Asare.

In the game against Nigeria on March 22, 2024, Lawrence Ati-Zigi kept the post as Ghana succumbed to a 2-1 defeat at the hands of the Super Eagles.

It is expected that Wollacott will be in post for the match against Uganda, today, March 26, 2024.

EK



Comments:
This article has 9 comment(s), give your comment
Upper West Chiefs call on Mahama to retain Bagbin
Kenya will enhance her relations with Ghana - Ruto
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
"Paying Too Much to Stay Comfortabl e? Let Us Help!"
Ursula Owusu Arrested
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
"Paying Too Much to Stay Comfortable? Let Us Help!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Seniors: New Electric Cars Come With Tiny Price Tags (Take A Look)
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New and Permanent Teeth in 24 Hours - Life Changing!
Over 15,000 people can’t be wrong! Every day, G4 by Golpa restores smiles and transforms people’s lives. That’s why...
G4 By Golpa
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
|
Sponsored
7.5% High Yield CD! Find High CD Interest Rates Now
CD Interest Rates | search ads
|
Sponsored
Read More
News
Outgoing Akufo-Addo govt performs better in 10 out of 13 key macroeconomic indicators
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/I-have-evidence-of-how-I-tried-to-get-David-Akologo-to-play-for-Ghana-Richard-Kingson-1923219 
 ----- 
