Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Ugliest 8 minutes of the season cost Wolves against Oklahoma City
Minnesota had 10 turnovers in the final 8:30 of the third quarter.
Joe Nelson | Jan 1, 2025
Dec 31, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder forward Jalen Williams (8) steals the ball away from Minnesota Timberwolves forward Julius Randle (30) during the second half at Paycom Center. Mandatory Credit: Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Minnesota Timberwolves

New Year's Eve in Oklahoma City could've been so much better had the Timberwolves not coughed up a 12-point lead to blow an opportunity to make a statement against the West-leading Thunder.

Mike Conley's third 3-pointer in a span of 42 seconds put Minnesota on top of the 27-5 Thunder 65-53 with 8:30 left in the third quarter, but things unraveled for the Timberwolves starting just 34 seconds later when Rudy Gobert missed a dunk and it led to a transition 3-pointer for Lu Dort.

From there, the Thunder destroyed the Wolves, outscoring Minnesota 36-9 over the final 8:30 of the third quarter and then holding on for the 113-105 win despite the Wolves cutting the lead to 106-103 with 2:03 to play in the game.

"We did the one thing we couldn't do, we turned it over at a high level," Wolves head coach Chris Finch said.

Minnesota had 10 turnovers in the final 8:30 of the third quarter.

Julius Randle turnover
Shot clock violation
Julius Randle offensive foul
Rudy Gobert bad pass
Nickiel Alexander-Walker bad pass
Anthony Edwards bad pass
Nickeil Alexander-Walker turnover
Nickeil Alexander-Walker turnover
Donte DiVincenzo turnover
Julius Randle steps out of bounds

Then, after Shai Gilgeous-Alexander put OKC up 109-103 with a 3-pointer, DiVincenzo grabbed an offensive rebound only to turn it over with a bad pass. After holding on defense, Naz Reid was stripped from behind and Jalen Williams coasted to the other end for an uncontested layup and a 111-103 lead. That was the dagger.

"We don't turn the ball over, we can control this game. No doubt about it," Finch said.

Finch also had an interesting comment about OKC during his postgame press conference.

"They're super physical. They foul you everywhere, every time down," Finch said. "We gotta be able to play through that and fight through it."

The Thunder were called for just 13 personal fouls compared to 18 whistles on Minnesota. The result was the Wolves going to the free-throw line 12 times compared to 23 attempts for Oklahoma City.

Published Jan 1, 2025
JOE NELSON

Joe Nelson has more than 20 years of experience in Minnesota sports journalism. Nelson began his career in sports radio, working at smaller stations in Marshall and St. Cloud before moving to the highly-rated KFAN-FM 100.3 in the Twin Cities. While there, he produced the popular mid-morning show hosted by Minnesota Vikings play-by-play announcer Paul Allen. His time in radio laid the groundwork for his transition to sports writing in 2011. He covers the Vikings, Timberwolves, Gophers and Twins for On SI.

Home
/
Minnesota Timberwolves News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/timberwolves/minnesota-timberwolves-news/ugliest-8-minutes-of-the-season-cost-wolves-against-oklahoma-city-01jghb6jx4xc 
 ----- 
