Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies

Cookies are used for the purpose of performing advertising and marketing activities on our sites.




These cookies work by identifying the browsers and devices of the user.




If you allow these cookies, we can provide you with personalized ads and a better advertising experience on our pages. While doing this, we would like to remind you that our aim is to provide you with a better advertising experience and that we make our best efforts to provide you with the best content and that advertising is our only income item to cover our costs.




In any case, if users do not enable these cookies, they will not receive targeted ads.




In order to provide you with a better service, our website uses cookies belonging to us and third parties. Various personal data of yours are processed through these cookies, and necessary cookies are used for the purpose of providing information society services. Other cookies will be used for limited purposes, subject to your explicit consent, to make our website more functional and personal as well as for advertising/marketing activities for you. You can set your cookie preferences through the panel below. To learn more about cookies, you can click on the Settings button and read our Cookie Information Text.

Consent Selection
Mandatory/Technical Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance/Analytical Cookies
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
MOTORSPORTS
TENNIS
Messi-less Argentina tighten World Cup grip with 3-0 win over Chile
Argentina's midfielder Paulo Dybala (2nd L) celebrates with teammates after scoring during the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualifiers football match between Argentina and Chile at the Mas Monumental stadium, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sept. 5, 2024. (AFP Photo)
BY AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE - AFP SEP 06, 2024 11:02 AM

Alexis Mac Allister, Julian Alvarez and Paulo Dybala found the net as Argentina tightened their grip on South America's 2026 World Cup qualifiers with a commanding 3-0 victory over Chile on Thursday.

Liverpool’s Mac Allister broke the deadlock three minutes into the second half with a precise low finish at the Estadio Monumental in Buenos Aires against a stubborn Chilean defense.

Julian Alvarez, the former Manchester City forward, doubled the lead in the 84th minute with a powerful strike from distance, before substitute Dybala sealed the win with a stoppage-time goal.

The reigning world champions delivered another clinical performance as they edge closer to securing their spot at the 2026 finals in the U.S., Mexico and Canada.

Lionel Scaloni’s team leads South America’s 10-team round-robin qualifying table by five points after seven games.

The top six teams in the final standings qualify automatically for the 2026 finals in North America, with the seventh-placed team advancing to a playoff.

Argentina, who also beat Chile 1-0 on their way to clinching back-to-back Copa America titles earlier this year, entered Thursday’s game missing injured captain Lionel Messi and veteran winger Angel Di Maria, who retired from international football after the Copa America triumph in July.

Di Maria was honored by his former teammates in a pregame ceremony before taking his place in the stands to watch the world champions secure their sixth win from seven qualifying games.

Despite the absence of Messi and Di Maria, Argentina showed plenty of creativity in attack, with Lautaro Martinez and Atletico Madrid’s Alvarez causing problems for the Chile defense.

Argentina controlled the midfield, with Mac Allister lining up alongside Rodrigo De Paul and Enzo Fernandez.

After a cagey first half, the breakthrough came in the 48th minute when Alvarez whipped in a low cross from the right. Martinez cleverly dummied, allowing the ball to roll through to Mac Allister, who guided an accurate shot into the bottom corner.

Bolivia thrash Venezuela

In Thursday’s other qualifier, Bolivia reignited its campaign with a 4-0 drubbing of Venezuela in a game played more than 4,000 meters (13,100 feet) above sea level.

Goals from Ramiro Vaca, Carmelo Algaranaz, Miguel Terceros, and Enzo Monteiro handed Bolivia only its second win of qualifying, lifting the team into seventh place in the standings.

The result vindicated Bolivia’s decision to play Thursday’s game in El Alto — Spanish for "The Heights" — rather than at its usual home venue in neighboring La Paz, which is 3,600 meters above sea level.

The thin air of El Alto left Venezuela's players struggling for energy against a Bolivian team aiming to qualify for its first World Cup since reaching the 1994 finals in the United States.

Despite his team’s heavy loss, Venezuela coach Fernando Batista refused to dwell on the altitude issue after the game.

“Out of 10 questions, eight are about altitude,” Batista said. “You won’t hear anything from me about it.”

The pick of Bolivia’s goals came from Vaca after just 13 minutes. The 25-year-old midfielder gathered the ball around 30 yards from goal, cut in from the left, and unleashed a ferocious shot that flew into the top corner.

Venezuela, the only team from South America never to have qualified for a World Cup, remains well-placed to reach the finals despite Thursday’s loss.

The "Vinotinto" is fourth in the standings with nine points from seven games, trailing Argentina, Uruguay, and Colombia.

Venezuela hosts Uruguay next Tuesday in its eighth qualifying game.

South America’s qualifiers continue on Friday, with second-placed Uruguay hosting Paraguay in Montevideo, while struggling Brazil, 11 points adrift of leaders Argentina in sixth, faces Ecuador in Curitiba.

Third-placed Colombia, meanwhile, travels to Lima to face bottom-of-the-table Peru.

SHORTLINK COPIED
LAST UPDATE: SEP 06, 2024 1:31 PM
KEYWORDS
2026 FIFA WORLD CUP
JULIAN ALVAREZ
FOOTBALL
LIONEL MESSI
Muslims around the globe observe holy month of Ramadan
PHOTOGALLERY
POLITICS
TÜRKİYE
WORLD
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
ARTS
SPORTS
OPINION
PHOTO GALLERY
DS TV
   
JOBS
PRIVACY
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RSS
© Turkuvaz Haberleşme ve Yayıncılık 2021
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailysabah.com/sports/football/messi-less-argentina-tighten-world-cup-grip-with-3-0-win-over-chile 
 ----- 
