Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
En vivo: Protestas en Venezuela
SPORTS
Yankees blow 5-run lead with epic defensive meltdown as Dodgers rally to clinch World Series
1 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Kiké Hernández, right, is safe at third as New York Yankees third baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. reaches for a throw from shortstop Anthony Volpe during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. Volpe was charged with a throwing error. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)

Read More
2 of 11 |  

New York Yankees center fielder Aaron Judge makes error fielding on a ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers’ Tommy Edman during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

3 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Kiké Hernández, right, is safe at third as New York Yankees third baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. reaches for a throw from shortstop Anthony Volpe during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. Volpe was charged with a throwing error. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

Read More
4 of 11 |  

The New York Yankees watch during their loss against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

5 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole looks back toward the scoreboard after throwing against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

6 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole, center, is pulled by manager Aaron Boone, left, as first baseman Anthony Rizzo (48) puts his hand on the Cole’s shoulder during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

Read More
7 of 11 |  

New York Yankees first baseman Anthony Rizzo (48) talks with starting pitcher Gerrit Cole during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

8 of 11 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Freddie Freeman watches his two-run single against the New York Yankees during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

9 of 11 |  

New York Yankees first baseman Anthony Rizzo (48) talks with starting pitcher Gerrit Cole during the fifth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

10 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole acknowledges the crowd as he leaves during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)

11 of 11 |  

The Los Angeles Dodgers celebrate their win against the New York Yankees in Game 5 to win the baseball World Series, Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

BY  MIKE FITZPATRICK
Updated 9:38 AM UTC, October 31, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Just when it appeared Aaron Judge and the New York Yankees were right back in this World Series, they all but gave away the trophy.

An epic meltdown of defensive miscues, beginning with Judge’s embarrassing error in center field, helped the Los Angeles Dodgers rally in a five-run fifth inning that tied the score at 5.

Young shortstop Anthony Volpe and ace pitcher Gerrit Cole also committed costly mistakes. New York’s bullpen squandered a one-run lead in the eighth, and the Dodgers held on for a 7-6 victory Wednesday night in Game 5 that wrapped up their eighth championship and second in five years.

Fans celebrated in Los Angeles on Wednesday night after the Los Angeles Dodgers won the World Series, defeating the New York Yankees four games to one.

“This is like, as bad as it gets,” Cole said. “It’s the worst feeling that you can have.”

Finally back in their first World Series since 2009, the Yankees didn’t last long.

It was the latest autumn failure for baseball’s most successful franchise — one that used to own October.

Not anymore. Not lately, at least. And in the Yankees’ universe, 15 years is a long time between titles.

“We didn’t get the job done,” Judge said. “We made some mistakes along the way that hurt us.”

On deck, an offseason of uncertainty as New York tries to retain free agent slugger Juan Soto, who is expected to have several eager suitors and command a massive contract.

RELATED STORIES
Juan Soto free agency: Which teams are in the running? When could he sign?
Left-hander Max Fried agrees to $218 million, 8-year contract with Yankees, AP source says
Juan Soto starting to eliminate teams from negotiations, agent Scott Boras says

“I’m really happy with the city, with the team, how these guys do, but at the end of the day, we will see,” Soto said. “We’re going to look at every situation, every offer that we get and take a decision from there.

“I feel like every team has the same opportunities,” he added. “I don’t want to say anybody has any advantage because at the end of the day we’re going to look at what they have and how much they want me.”

Judge wants Soto back in the Big Apple.

“I think everybody in this room wants him back,” the captain said. “You could look at the stats and what he did on the field, I think it was the type of leader he is in this clubhouse. He just does a lot of the little things that people don’t notice that truly make him one of the best players if not the best player in the game. ... I definitely would love to see him in pinstripes for quite a long time.”

After losing the first three games to LA, the Yankees won 11-4 in Game 4 behind Volpe to prevent a sweep. That left them looking to become the first of 25 teams that fell behind 3-0 in the World Series to force a Game 6, which would have been back at Dodger Stadium.

And they got off to a rollicking start, too, with back-to-back homers by Judge and Jazz Chisholm Jr. in the first inning. Giancarlo Stanton went deep leading off the third, and the Bronx Bombers had a 5-0 cushion.

“You feel pretty confident with your ace up there and a five-run lead. But you know, that’s baseball, man,” left fielder Alex Verdugo said. “They played the better baseball in this World Series.”

Cole cruised through four hitless innings, pitching around a leadoff walk in the fourth with the help of a remarkable catch by Judge as he crashed hard into the left-center fence.

California, here we come, right?

Wrong.

“I’m heartbroken,” manager Aaron Boone said. “The ending is cruel.”

Kiké Hernández opened the fifth with a single, then Judge dropped Tommy Edman’s easy fly to center for his first error all year, putting runners at first and second with nobody out. It appeared Judge took his eye off the ball, which he tried snagging with just his glove hand.

“You can’t give a good team like that extra outs,” Judge said. “It starts with me there on the line drive coming in, misplayed that. So that doesn’t happen, then I think we’ve got a different story tonight.”

Will Smith followed with a grounder to the right of Volpe, who fielded it cleanly in the hole and tried to get the lead runner at third base. But the 2023 Gold Glove winner bounced a hurried throw that glanced off Chisholm’s glove for another error, loading the bases.

After a mound visit, Cole buckled down and struck out Gavin Lux and Shohei Ohtani as the sellout crowd of 49,263 at Yankee Stadium roared.

And it looked as though Cole had wriggled out of the jam when Mookie Betts grounded a slow squibber to first baseman Anthony Rizzo. But because the ball was spinning so much, Rizzo waited back on it. Cole initially broke to cover first base, then stopped. And when Rizzo scooped up the ball, the pitcher was nowhere close.

Cole pointed toward first, but by then Rizzo had no chance to beat the speedy Betts to the bag. He was credited with an infield single that shaved New York’s lead to 5-1.

“I took a bad angle to the ball,” Cole said. “I wasn’t sure really off the bat how hard he hit it. ... By the time the ball got by me, I was not in a position to cover first.”

World Series MVP Freddie Freeman followed with a two-run single, matching a Fall Classic record with 12 RBIs, and Teoscar Hernández tied it with a two-run double over Judge’s head in left-center.

“We didn’t take care of the ball well enough in that inning,” Boone said in an understatement.

With the five-run advantage gone in a flash, the end almost felt inevitable.

Stanton put the Yankees back in front 6-5 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth, but reliever Tommy Kahnle loaded the bases with none out in the eighth on two singles and a four-pitch walk.

A catcher’s interference call on Austin Wells also hurt as Lux and Betts came through with sac flies off closer Luke Weaver to give the Dodgers a 7-6 lead that right-handers Blake Treinen and Walker Buehler refused to relinquish.

In the clubhouse afterward, Cole summed up the collapse with two words.

“It’s brutal,” he said.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Johnny Gaudreau's number will be retired by the junior USHL's Dubuque Fighting Saints
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
Self-help author James Arthur Ray, whose seminar led to trag edy and death, dies at 67
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Everton fires manager Sean Dyche with team near relegati...
Everton has fired manager Sean Dyche with the Premier League club just two...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro
Advertisement:
Read More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitor ing: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply Sign Up For A Free...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Nevada That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Handmade Cardin al Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By...
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
Canadian leaders say Trump's talk about Canada becoming th...
Trump keeps floating the idea that Canada should join the United States as the 51st...
AP News
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years da...
President Joe Biden is casting doubt on his fitness to serve another four years in a...
AP News
Democrat elected speaker of tied Pennsylvania House after...
A Democrat is returning to the job of speaker of the Pennsylvania House after...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene:Advertisement
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/world-series-yankees-errors-ff3ca215e6064c1983e4cce4f41a97e0 
 ----- 
