Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
En vivo: Protestas en Venezuela
SPORTS
Dodger Stadium fans toss balls and trash on field, interrupt Padres’ 10-2 win that evens NLDS
1 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres outfielders Brandon Lockridge, left, Jackson Merrill, center, and Fernando Tatis Jr. celebrate after a win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

2 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ Kyle Higashioka connects for a solo home run during the ninth inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

3 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres manager Mike Shildt (8) and players talk to umpires after items were thrown on the field by fans during the seventh inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

Read More
4 of 15 |  

Fans react toward San Diego Padres left fielder Jurickson Profar, foreground, after items were thrown at him in the outfield during the seventh inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Padres, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
5 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres left fielder Jurickson Profar, right, talks to umpire Adrian Johnson after items were thrown at Profar in the outfield during the seventh inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

Read More
6 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ David Peralta, left, celebrates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run that also scored Jackson Merrill, middle, during the second inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
7 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani walks back to replace his bat after breaking it on a foul ball during the third inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

8 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres pitcher Yu Darvish pauses on the mound during the seventh inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

9 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ David Peralta celebrates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

10 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Jack Flaherty throws to a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

11 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ Fernando Tatis Jr. celebrates as he rounds first base after a solo home run during the first inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

12 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ Fernando Tatis Jr., left, celebrates his solo home run with Jurickson Profar during the first inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles.

13 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres’ Fernando Tatis Jr. watches his double in front of Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Will Smith, bottom, during the third inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

14 of 15 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani grounds out during the third inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

15 of 15 |  

San Diego Padres pitcher Yu Darvish throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning in Game 2 of a baseball NL Division Series Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

BY  BETH HARRIS
Updated 12:26 PM UTC, October 7, 2024
Share

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Fans threw baseballs in the direction of San Diego left fielder Jurickson Profar and then tossed trash that caused a lengthy delay before the Padres beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-2 on Sunday night to even their NL Division Series at a game apiece.

Yu Darvish limited the Dodgers’ powerful offense to one run and three hits over seven innings and Fernando Tatis Jr. went deep twice as the Padres tied the postseason record of six homers.

David Peralta and Jackson Merrill each hit two-run homers, and a hobbled Xander Bogaerts and Kyle Higashioka had solo shots. At 21, Merrill became the youngest Padres player with a postseason homer.

“Six of them is a special treat for us,” Merrill said.

The delay in the middle of the seventh inning led to a 12-minute gap between pitches and occurred as two balls were thrown from the stands in the direction of Profar. He chased after one of them but a security officer got to it first. Trash was strewn on the warning track in right near the Padres bullpen.

“I feel like when it went over the line, when they started throwing stuff onto the field,” Tatis said. “I felt like that should not be happening in a big league game.”

RELATED STORIES
Juan Soto free agency: Which teams are in the running? When could he sign?
With Roki Sasaki looming, Orioles left $2.1 million unspent from allotment and Dodgers $1.9 million
Dodgers announce 5-year contract with LHP Blake Snell

There was continuous booing by the sellout crowd of 54,119 — the largest at Dodger Stadium this season.

“The bear’s been poked for a while. It’s been poked previous years, decades,” Merrill said. “We just finally got the firepower, we finally got the team to take it to them. They’re a good team. I love the way they play. They give us a battle every time. They don’t stop.”

Security rushed onto the field as Padres manager Mike Shildt and his team huddled in shallow left. They were joined by the umpiring crew. Security appeared to be trying to identify potential perpetrators in the crowd.

“We were looking for a higher security presence out in the left-field corner to ensure that that behavior didn’t continue,” crew chief Dan Bellino told a pool reporter, “and to make sure that if anybody did throw anything out on the field they would be identified immediately and removed from the stadium.”

The Dodgers did not immediately respond when asked whether there had been any arrests.

Manny Machado gathered his teammates in the dugout to boost them before the game resumed.

The Dodgers have lost four straight Game 2s and seven of their last eight playoff games.

The best-of-five series shifts to San Diego on Tuesday.

Dodgers starter Jack Flaherty hit Tatis with a pitch in the sixth inning, and Profar exchanged words with Dodgers catcher Will Smith.

“There’s too much of an important series just to be throwing at guys,” Tatis said. “When he hit me, he just gave me more energy. My boys gave me more energy.”

The Dodgers thought they’d tied it in the bottom of the first. Mookie Betts hit a deep fly to the corner and left field umpire Adrian Johnson circled his arm signaling a home run.

But Profar battled the outstretched arms of fans, reeling in the ball on the webbing of his glove. He barely reacted to his spectacular grab, hopping away backward as he stared at the astonished fans.

“That was hilarious,” Merrill said of Profar trolling the fans. “He’s having fun. He was playing like a little kid and I love that.”

Later, there were verbal exchanges between fans and Profar.

The Dodgers lost first baseman Freddie Freeman, who left after five innings with discomfort in his sprained right ankle. He struck out and flied out in two at-bats. Freeman got hurt on Sept. 26 and has fought to be healthy enough to make the playoffs.

Just like in Game 1, the Padres took a quick 3-0 lead. Tatis went deep in the first off Flaherty and former Dodger Peralta added a two-out, two-run shot in the second.

Darvish struck out three and walked two against his former team. He shut down fellow Japanese Shohei Ohtani, who struck out and grounded out twice against his friend.

“I was trying to see how he reacted to some of the pitches that I was throwing,” Darvish said through an interpreter. “On top of that, I was trying to keep him off-balance by holding a little bit longer. I think it worked pretty well.”

Ohtani finished 0 for 4 with another strikeout. Mookie Betts was hitless for a sixth consecutive playoff game.

Pitching not far from where he grew up in Burbank, Flaherty gave up four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings, becoming the first Dodgers starter to reach the sixth inning of a postseason game since Max Scherzer in 2021.

Max Muncy homered for the Dodgers in the ninth.

UP NEXT

RHP Walker Buehler will start for Dodgers in Game 3 and RHP Michael King will go for the Padres. King was dominant against Atlanta in the NL Wild Card Series, striking out 12 in seven scoreless innings. King faced the Dodgers four times this season, tossing 12 innings of shutout ball in two of the outings while getting hit hard in the other two.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026? Yep.
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
From Carter's funeral, an Ameri can snapshot: A singular image, 5 presidents, 379 years of histo ry
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinn amon ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Canadian leaders say Trump's talk about Canada becoming th...
Trump keeps floating the idea that Canada should join the United States as the 51st...
AP News
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
This Handmade Cardin al Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By...
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
2 Indian companies charged with smuggling chemicals used in...
Two pharmaceutical companies based in India have been charged with smuggling...
AP News
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro:Advertisement
Read More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mlb-playoffs-padres-dodgers-score-7735823d51ac695a0555fa20e3dd0d3e 
 ----- 
