Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Tossed baseballs from stands — apparently aimed at Jurickson Profar — interrupts San Diego Padres’ Game 2 win
Padres’ Jurickson Profar walks back to the outfield during the seventh inning against the Dodgers in Game 2 of the NLDS at Dodger Stadium on Oct. 6, 2024. (Meg McLaughlin / The San Diego Union-Tribune)
By BETH HARRIS | Associated Press
UPDATED: October 7, 2024 at 10:46 AM CST

LOS ANGELES — Tempers flared on the field and in the stands at Dodger Stadium, with rowdy fans tossing baseballs, apparently at San Diego left fielder Jurickson Profar, and then trash that caused a 12-minute wait between pitches during the seventh inning of the Padres’ 10-2 win in NL Division Series Game 2 on Sunday night.

“That’s just not acceptable,” Padres manager Mike Shildt said.

There were words exchanged between Dodgers starter Jack Flaherty and Padres slugger Manny Machado, who took exception to Flaherty hitting Fernando Tatis Jr.

“Well, shoot, I’ve seen over a thousand games here, well over a thousand games in this ballpark, and I’ve never seen anything like that,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “It was ugly.”

Profar had robbed Mookie Betts of a home run in the first inning, reaching into the stands behind the low left-field wall. Left field umpire Adrian Johnson circled his arm signaling a home run.

But Profar battled the outstretched arms of fans, reeling in the ball on the webbing of his glove and helping spark the Padres to evening the best-of-five series at one game each.

“He tried,” Profar said of a fan who tried to snatch the ball. “I dunked on him.”

Profar hopped away backward as he stared at the astonished fans, then threw the ball to the infield. Later, there were verbal exchanges between fans and Profar.

“He said the fans out there were trying to get it out of his glove,” Padres slugger Manny Machado said. “What a hell of a catch to start off the game.”

With San Diego leading 4-1 and Yu Darvish warming up for the bottom of the seventh, fans appeared to be yelling at Profar, who motioned back at them with his right arm.

A couple of balls were thrown. Johnson came up to him, soon joined by Shildt, San Diego players and more umpires. Profar yelled and pointed before teammate Xander Bogaerts put an arm around him and Padres players, including Darvish, formed a huddle.

“Yes, I was upset. You can hurt somebody,” Profar said. “I hope our people in San Diego don’t do that.”

Profar said Dodgers fans “wanted to start throwing stuff on the field yesterday.”

Roberts said, “Obviously there’s a lot of emotions and things like that. But that’s something that should never happen.”

Dodgers security staff attempted to identify the fans who caused the trouble. Officer Drake Madison, an LAPD spokesperson, said “there were no arrests and no radio calls.”

“We were looking for a higher security presence out in the left-field corner to ensure that that behavior didn’t continue and to make sure that if anybody did throw anything out on the field they would be identified immediately and removed from the stadium,” umpire crew chief Dan Bellino said.

Public address announcer Todd Leitz told the crowd: “We ask that you do not throw objects onto the field.”

“You’re in a tough environment,” Machado said. “You’re going to get some things said to you but once you start throwing things onto the field that’s just uncalled for.”

There was trash on the warning track in right field near the Padres bullpen.

“Now we had a second instance that was happening at a different part of the stadium, so we just had to reiterate with security that we needed an enhanced security out in right field as well,” Bellino said.

After the seventh inning, Machado gathered his teammates for a brief meeting in their dugout.

Machado said his message was “just stay focused.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
San Diego Padres not going anywhere, Matt Seidler says in response to sister-in-law’s lawsuit
Widow of late San Diego Padres chairman sues 2 of her husband’s brothers over control of team
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs

Flaherty hit Tatis with a pitch in the sixth inning, and Profar exchanged words with Dodgers catcher Will Smith.

“You can’t get him out, don’t hit him,” Machado said. “They got the best player in the game, (Shohei) Ohtani. We don’t go out there and try to hit Ohtani. We try to get him out.”

Flaherty struck Machado out swinging with Tatis and another runner on in the sixth.

“He did some s—- in between innings. He threw a ball at our dugout,” Flaherty said. “There was no reason for that.”

Asked about Flaherty’s accusation, Machado said, “I throw balls all the time into dugouts. Both dugouts. They have bad balls, you throw the ball back in there.”

Bellino said the situation never escalated to the point umpires considered directing players off the field.

“We would not hesitate to do that if we thought that their safety was in jeopardy,” he said. “And if that was to proceed, then obviously it would be referred to the commissioner’s pffice to see if a potential forfeit would be called for.”

The best-of-five series moves to Petco Park for Game 3 on Tuesday.

“We’re about to go back to San Diego with a very, very loud, raucous, aggressive, hungry crowd that’s going to be super-excited and going to be getting after it,” Shildt said, before borrowing a line from the Will Ferrell comedy “Anchorman.”

“But I know also that we’ll stay classy, San Diego.”

Originally Published: October 7, 2024 at 6:12 AM CST
Around the Web
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A 65-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over
Yifare
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
[Watch] "Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Wellness Gaze
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Las Vegas Drivers Rave About These Headlight Glasses
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Always Place a Toilet Paper Roll Under the Toilet Seat at Night, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Your Car Insurance Too Expensive? Do This!
Policy Wagon
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
HealthReview24
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Las Vegas Home
Ribili
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Chicago Bears Q&A: Has the dynamic shifted? Should there be confidence they’ll get the coach right this time?
Today in Chicago History: ‘McCaskey, you’re a bum!’ The coin flip that cost the Chicago Bears Terry Bradshaw.
Homebuilder Pulte plans 132 homes in Orland Park near 159th and La Grange; residents raise stormwater concerns
Chicago Bears are expected to interview Iowa State’s Matt Campbell for their coaching job
Teens arrested in 2023 Libertyville-area carjacking, kidnapping
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
Mexico’s President Sheinbaum offers sarcastic response to Trump’s ‘Gulf of America’ comment
Brother Rice alum Nick Niego — yes, from that Niego family — thrives in college at St. Francis. ‘Has that gene.’
Park Ridge City Council agrees to further look into liquor license cigar bar would need to operate
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
San Diego Padres not going anywhere, Matt Seidler says in response to sister-in-law’s lawsuit
Widow of late San Diego Padres chairman sues 2 of her husband’s brothers over control of team
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
2024
October
7
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/10/07/jurickson-profar-padres-dodgers/ 
 ----- 
