SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Euro 2024 five quick hits — Hungary's Barnabás Varga knocked out in scary collision as Scotland bows out of contention in heartbreaking loss

Topic:
Sport

Sun 23 Jun
Sunday 23 June

Scotland's goalkeeper Angus Gunn collides with teammate Anthony Ralston, having already collected Barnabas Varga (white kit, second from right) with an elbow that knocked the Hungarian out. (AP: Matthias Schrader)

abc.net.au/news/euro-2024-five-quick-hits-monday-barnabas-varga-knocked-out/104013616
Link copied
Share article

A Hungarian attacker suffers a brutal knockout in his team's victory over Scotland, an Albanian is banned for two matches over nationalist chants, and England's Harry Kane hits back at former players criticising the team's lacklustre start to the tournament.

Here's the five quick hits from the Monday morning action in the Euro 2024 competition.

1. Hungarian attacker Varga knocked out cold

Hungary forward Barnabás Varga suffered a serious-looking injury at his team's final group match at the European Championship.

The Group A game against Scotland was halted for nearly 10 minutes so Varga could get treatment after colliding with opposing goalkeeper Angus Gunn.

Varga's teammates held up blankets to shield the player as he was tended to by medical staff, while everyone looked on in concern.

Players hold a blanket up as medical personnel treat Hungary's Barnabas Varga after he was knocked out in a collision with the Scottish goalkeeper. (AP: Antonio Calanni)

On the live coverage, the worst of the collision seemed to be between Gunn and Scottish teammate Anthony Ralston, with the cameras not initially picking up that Varga was down in the goal mouth knocked out.

Stills of the incident showed Varga had been collected by Gunn's elbow on the way through as he attempted a flying header, appearing to be out before he even hit the ground.

It was a scary-looking incident and fans from both sides applauded as Varga was stretchered off.

2. Albanian player banned for two matches over nationalist chants

Albania player Mirlind Daku was banned for two games after leading fans in nationalist chants, that UEFA said brought soccer into disrepute.

Daku took a megaphone after Albania's 2-2 draw with Croatia on Wednesday in Hamburg and joined in chanting slogans against Serbia and North Macedonia.

The incidents and fallout from the game in Hamburg have been the most serious involving Balkan politics at a Euros with the most-ever teams from the region playing — and offering a stage for some fans to air its issues.

It also has highlighted rifts in soccer between Albania and Serbia at a time when their soccer federations have tried to heal them by teaming up, despite opposition from many fans, in a bid to co-host the Under-21 Euros in 2027.

On Sunday, UEFA said its disciplinary judges found Daku guilty of "failing to comply with the general principles of conduct, for violating the basic rules of decent conduct, for using sports events for manifestations of a non-sporting nature and for bringing the sport of football into disrepute".

UEFA also ordered the Albanian soccer federation to pay fines totalling 47,250 euros ($76,000) for incidents at the game where its fans chanted an anti-Serb slogan, reportedly "kill the Serbs".

The Serbian soccer federation said it would quit the tournament if UEFA did not punish the incidents.

3. Germany scores late equaliser to ensure it finishes top of its group

Germany found a stoppage-time goal from substitute Niclas Füllkrug to draw 1-1 with Switzerland and ensure the host nation finished top of its group.

Füllkrug rose high in a crowded penalty area to head into the far corner of the net past Swiss goalkeeper Yann Sommer.

Switzerland had impressed while protecting a 28th-minute goal from Dan Ndoye’s clever volleyed shot.

The point for each team ensured Germany finished top and Switzerland second in Group A.

In the other match from the group, a dramatic stoppage-time goal saw Hungary beat Scotland 1-0 to wreck its opponent’s hopes of reaching the knockout stage of a major tournament for the first time in its history.

Late substitute Kevin Csoboth scored his first international goal in the 10th minute of stoppage time to see Hungary secure third spot in the group.

Hungary now faces an anxious wait to see if its three points will be enough to reach the round of 16 at Euro 2024 as one of the four best third-place teams.

They might not find out until Thursday morning (AEST) when the final round of group games finishes.

4. Mbappé getting used to mask after breaking nose in Euro opener

France captain Kylian Mbappé is getting used to wearing his new protective mask ahead of a possible return to play at Euro 2024 against Poland on Tuesday, his teammate Aurélien Tchouaméni said.

Mbappé sat out France's 0-0 draw with the Netherlands on Friday after breaking his nose in the team's opening 1-0 win over Austria and has been fitted with a protective mask as the injury heals.

"It's no secret that he's really looking forward to the next game, and as far as the mask is concerned, he's starting to get used to it," Tchouaméni said Sunday.

"Obviously he would have preferred to play without it, but I think if you ask the doctor, he's not going to give him the choice. It's not going to change anything for him, we know he'll be ready as soon as he's on the pitch, and he's going to bring us a lot."

France's Kylian Mbappé in the mask he's wearing to protect his broken nose. (AP: Antonio Calanni)

Midfielder Tchouaméni and Mbappé will also be club teammates after the European Championship when the striker joins up with his new club Real Madrid.

Tchouaméni suggested France was working on its finishing after the World Cup runner-up scored just one goal in its first two group-stage games at Euro 2024.

"We know we've got world-class strikers, and after a while they're going to score goals, and it's not necessarily just the strikers, it's up to us too, whether it's the midfielders or even the defenders, it's a collective effort," Tchouaméni said. 

"But being more clinical in front of goal is one of our areas for improvement."

5. Kane hits back at critics of England's performances

Harry Kane says former England stars should remember how hard it is to play for their country before criticising the team’s lacklustre performances so far at Euro 2024.

"I always feel like they have a responsibility," the England captain said at the team’s training camp on Sunday. 

"I know they have got to be honest and give their opinion but also they have a responsibility of being an ex-England player that a lot of players look up to, that people do listen to them and people do care what they say."

Kane was responding to strong criticism from former England internationals Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer, among others, after England’s 1-0 win over Serbia and a 1-1 draw with Denmark. 

Lineker, who scored 48 goals in 80 games for England, had described the draw against Denmark with an expletive and said Kane "needs to do a lot better" despite scoring England's opener.

Kane, who scored 36 goals in 32 Bundesliga appearances for Bayern Munich last season, said he never wants "to be disrespectful to any player, especially a player who has worn the shirt and knows what it is like to play for England", but, "the bottom line is we haven’t won anything as a nation for a long, long time and a lot of these players were part of that as well and they know how tough it is".

Next games (all AEST times): 

Tuesday, 5am — Albania v Spain

Tuesday, 5am — Croatia v Italy

AP/ABC

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Sun 23 Jun 2024 at 9:46pm
Sunday 23 Jun 2024 at 9:46pm
, updated Wed 26 Jun 2024 at 9:29pm
Wednesday 26 Jun 2024 at 9:29pm
Related topics

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Plane carrying 181 crashes during landing in South Korea, at least 85 dead

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Photo shows Fire on a crashed plane with thick smoke.
School chaplain killed in shark attack while spearfishing off Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Celestial V70 named as provisional overall winner of this year's Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

Topic:
Sailing

Just In
Celestial V70 named as provisional overall winner of this year's Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

Topic:
Sailing

31m ago
31 minutes ago
Evacuation order as bushfires bear down on communities in WA's Mid West

Topic:
Bushfires

5m ago
5 minutes ago
Two people drown at notoriously dangerous beach in WA's South West

Topic:
Drownings

26m ago
26 minutes ago
Plane carrying 181 crashes in South Korea, at least 85 dead

LIVE

1m ago
1 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-24/euro-2024-five-quick-hits-monday-barnabas-varga-knocked-out/104013616 
 ----- 
