Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Steph Curry Makes Honest Statement About Jordan Poole After Warriors-Wizards Game
Steph Curry spoke about his former Golden State Warriors teammate.
Ben Stinar | Nov 5, 2024
October 18, 2022; San Francisco, California, USA; Golden State Warriors guard Jordan Poole (left, 3), guard Stephen Curry (center, 30), and center Kevon Looney (right, 5) celebrate with their championship rings before the game against the Los Angeles Lakers at Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-Imagn Images / Kyle Terada-Imagn Images

On Monday evening, Steph Curry returned to the starting lineup when the Golden State Warriors faced off against the Washington Wizards.

After missing three games, he finished with 24 points, three rebounds and six assists while shooting 7/15 from the field and 4/9 from the three-point range in 24 minutes of playing time.

The Warriors won by a score of 125-112 to improve to 6-1 in their first seven games.

After the game, Curry was asked about going up against his former teammate (Jordan Poole).

Curry (via Warriors on NBCS): "It's always great to see teammates, good friends. Rooting for him to try to make something out of this organization with his opportunity here to lead. He's playing a lot better than he did last year, getting comfortable. Just excited for him... The sky's the limit for him... You can see, he plays with joy, he plays with flash, the same old JP we know. I'm just glad we got the win and the bragging rights this time."

Poole finished the loss with 24 points, one rebound, three assists, three steals and four blocks while shooting 8/20 from the field and 2/10 from the three-point range in 34 minutes.

The Wizards will play their next game on Friday when they visit Ja Morant and the Memphis Grizzlies.

After spending the first four seasons of his career with the Warriors, Poole was traded to the Wizards during the 2023 offseason.

The Warriors will resume action on Wednesday when they host the Boston Celtics.

Published Nov 5, 2024|Modified Nov 5, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/steph-curry-makes-honest-statement-about-jordan-poole-after-warriors-wizards-game-monday-nba 
 ----- 
