LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
England sends ODI series with Australia to a decider with 186-run hammering at Lord's
Australia endured another uncomfortable experience at the home of cricket

Updated - September 28, 2024 11:27 am IST - London

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

Harry Brook of Engkand bats watched by Australia wicketkeeper Josh Inglis during the 4th Metro Bank ODI between England Australia at Lord’s Cricket Ground on September 27, 2024 in London. | Photo Credit: Getty Images

Playing at Lord's for the first time since a heated Ashes Test last year when they were accused in crowd chants of cheating, the Australians were steamrollered in a 186-run loss to England in the fourth match of their ODI series on Friday, September 27, 2024.

"In the end, they thoroughly outplayed us today," Australia captain Mitchell Marsh said.

The series is tied at 2-2 heading into the decider in Bristol on Sunday.

In a match reduced to 39 overs per side because of wet weather, England powered to 312-5 thanks to 87 from stand-in captain Harry Brook and an unbeaten 62 from Liam Livingstone, who hit 28 runs off the final over by Mitchell Starc.

Australia was bowled out for 126 in 24.4 overs, losing its 10 wickets for 58 runs having been 68-0 early in its chase.

Australia's cricket team — the World Champion in the 50-over format — rarely gets beaten as heavily as this.

After winning 14 straight games, the tourists have now lost two in a row.

Australia hadn't played at Lord's since a test against England in the summer of 2023 that will live long in Ashes infamy.

A controversial stumping of England batter Jonny Bairstow by wicketkeeper Alex Carey led to Australia players being jeered mercilessly, with Usman Khawaja and David Warner getting verbally abused and touched by Marylebone Cricket Club members in the sacred Long Room at the lunch interval.

British newspaper The Guardian reported that security was tightened at Lord's 15 months on, with ropes in the Long Room pushed back to widen the walkway for the teams and stairwells off limits to members when players are on the move.

Every England batter got into double figures after Australia won the toss and opted to bowl under a cloudy sky.

Ben Duckett got England off to a fast start with 63 off 62 and that was bettered by Brook, who followed up his innings of 110 — his first ODI century — in the win in Durham in the third ODI on Tuesday with 87 off 58 balls, which contained 11 fours and one six.

Livingstone and Jacob Bethell (12 not out) put on 71 runs in seven overs in an unbroken stand for the seventh wicket. Livingstone dominated the partnership, smashing three fours and seven sixes — four of those maximums coming in that expensive last over by Starc — in a 27-ball knock.

"Liam Livingstone played a gem of an innings," Marsh said.

Starc had figures of 0-70 off his eight overs, with spinner Adam Zampa — back from illness — also expensive but at least getting in the wickets with 2-66 off eight overs.

England's bowlers were much more dangerous on an increasingly sticky wicket, especially Jofra Archer, who was sending down deliveries as quick as 93 miles per hour (150km/ph) in his first ODI at the home of cricket since the 2019 World Cup final.

Set the equivalent of 400 in a regulation ODI, Australia raced to 68-0 but stumbled to 96-6 after Brydon Carse and Archer turned up the heat to take five of the first six wickets. Carse finished with 3-36, Archer had 2-33 and fellow pacer Matthew Potts claimed 4-38.

After openers Marsh (28) and Travis Head (34), no batter made more than 13. (AP) AH AH

Published - September 28, 2024 11:16 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

cricket / sport

Most Popular
Opposition criticises Ajit Pawar for ‘you are not my boss’ remark
India needs Bumrah the bowler more than Bumrah the captain
Konstas regrets stand-off with Bumrah; ‘If it happens again, I wouldn’t have said anything’, he says
Tenable CEO, Amit Yoran, passes away
Jasprit Bumrah continues to remain No. 1 in ICC Test rankings
Vijay Hazare Trophy knockout stage kicks off on Thursday
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Constitutional debate LIVE updates 
News 
Live news 
Places of Worship Act in Supreme Court LIVE 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Parliament Winter Session Day 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/england-sends-odi-series-with-australia-to-a-decider-with-186-run-hammering-at-lords/article68693501.ece 
 ----- 
