Skip to content
City AM
Main navigation
DOWNLOAD FREE APP
Friday 27 September 2024 5:00 pm  |  Updated:  Thursday 26 September 2024 3:28 pm
Cricket in focus: England, India, the IPL and Hundred

By:
Matt Hardy

Deputy Sports Editor

Share
As England and India forge their own paths with white-ball cricket competitions the Hundred and T20, is the future one of cooperation?

As England and India forge their own paths with white-ball cricket competitions the Hundred and T20, is the future one of cooperation?

When the bumper England versus India Test series rolls around in the summer of 2025 – a year where the hosts also head Down Under to face Australia in the Ashes – the entire landscape of cricket could be drastically different.

In England you could see announcements surrounding the sale of the eight Hundred franchises – despite issues surfacing around Hampshire being able to keep hold of their Southern Brave outfit.

You could also see a changed white-ball team given Brendon McCullum’s widened brief to include ODI and T20 cricket.

And, arguably more importantly, you could see Indian influence in the English game through IPL owners in both the 100-ball format and at county level: Sunrisers Hyderabad are reportedly interested in a £50m takeover of Yorkshire County Cricket Club.

Play Video
India vs England

In India there will be a desire for new talent after various retirements across the game: Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma have retired from T20 cricket while there are rumours about others following suit from other formats.

The subcontinent will also look to strengthen their already tight grip on the sport, which could be helped by Jay Shah’s appointment as chairman of the International Cricket Council. Shah is the Secretary of the Board of Control for Cricket in India and the son of Amit Shah, India’s minister of home affairs.

Cricket could be a hugely different place. And that’s no bad thing.

The global trend in format preference has shifted to the shorter styles of the game, with Test cricket enjoyed in countries few and far between.

And even countries where it is more popular, such as England, price rises and Bazball have reduced the will to attend on days four and five.

READ MORE
Australian Ashes winner heads to Lord’s to coach London Spirit in Hundred

For reference, Marylebone Cricket Club this week also confirmed that prices for the Test series between England and India would reach £175 apiece. 

Play Video
Hundred x IPL cooperation?

“The IPL is clearly out there,” director of business operations at the England and Wales Cricket Board told the Business of Sport podcast. 

“But in the men’s game there are 17 short format franchise domestic leagues [Including T20 Vitality Blast and The Hundred in the UK] in the world.

“Seventeen all after the same 50 players, maybe 40 players. It’s just unsustainable, it is not going to work.

“And I don’t know what that is going to look like: I don’t know whether some will go completely or they’ll end up being like a tiering around the world.”

“But when that change comes, when that split comes at a rapid rate it’s really important we’re in that top tier.

“I can see the very top four leagues pulling up and pulling apart and it is very important for English cricket that we are one of those.

“The Hundred has the ability to get there, we just need to go through the process to allow us to get to that top table.”

It is clear there are planned futures for the IPL and Hundred franchises – eight of the 10 Indian Premier League teams have a franchise outside of the IPL – and no matter what happens it appears that closer collaboration is on the cards.

Time for annual England versus India matches? Maybe.

Play Video
READ MORE
Hundred salaries rise amid rumours of player boycott of cricket competition

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Similarly tagged content:
Sections
SPORT
Categories
SPORT
SPORT BUSINESS
Related Topics
CRICKET
INDIAN PREMIER LEAGUE CRICKET
Trending Articles
A ‘painful sequel’ to the Budget may be coming, Deutsche Bank warns
Billionaire Bet365 boss Denise Coates slashes pay as betting giant makes huge profit
Our polling shows hope of ‘change’ has turned to despair for Labour
WPP staff made to work from the office four days a week
MORE FROM CITY AM
Australian Ashes winner heads to Lord’s to coach London Spirit in Hundred
SPORT
Hundred salaries rise amid rumours of player boycott of cricket competition
SPORT
England new boy gets central contract and another chance to impress
SPORT
England legend backs radical shake-up of Test cricket
Ahead of the Game: India want rule change to World Test Championship
SPORT BUSINESS
Mayor Khan: London will be capital for women’s sport in 2025
SPORT
Downing Street asks ICC to support Afghan women amid boycott calls
SPORT
Ratcliffe, IPL and Littler: The City AM Sport 2024 year in review
SPORT BUSINESS
SUBSCRIBE

Subscribe to the City AM newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up to our newsletters you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Athers: England can be encouraged by...
'I wanted to take on KP every time post...
'I don't want to be celebrated!' |...
India's Ashwin retires from...
'It's problematic!' | Nasser, Athers...
'Good but not vintage' | Nasser and...
'Good but not vintage' | Nasser and...
Atherton assesses England's end of year...
'Should never have happened' | Smith on...
Ward: Stokes injury blow 'a big concern
FULL INTERVIEW: Lawson talks Red Bull...
Isak shows why he's a transfer target...
<
>
About Us
Advertising
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
News
Markets & Economics
Opinion
Life&Style
City AM Studios
Got A Story?
The Punter
City AM Curated
Wine
Casino

FOLLOW US FOR BREAKING NEWS AND LATEST UPDATES

Newsletters
Latest paper
Advertising
About
Tickets
Copyright 2025 City AM Limited
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Find out more
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cityam.com/cricket-in-focus-england-india-the-ipl-and-hundred/ 
 ----- 
