Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Giannis Antetokounmpo Makes Brutally Honest Statement After Bucks-Nets Game
Giannis Antetokounmpo met with the media after Sunday's game.
Ben Stinar | Oct 28, 2024
Apr 26, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo (34) sits on the bench after a 128-126 loss to the Miami Heat during game five of the 2023 NBA Playoffs at Fiserv Forum. Mandatory Credit: Michael McLoone-Imagn Images / Michael McLoone-Imagn Images

On Sunday evening, the Milwaukee Bucks had an extremely disappointing 115-102 loss to the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center in New York.

The Nets are supposed to be one of the worst teams in the league, while the Bucks are expected to contend for the 2025 NBA Championship.

Two-time MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo finished with 22 points, 12 rebounds, seven assists, one steal and one block while shooting 7/11 from the field in 33 minutes of playing time.

After the game, he made an honest statement when he met with the media.

Antetokounmpo: "Right now, we don't have an identity. How are we going to win the game? Are we going to defend? 48 minutes. Are we going to move the ball for 48 minutes? Are we going to attack?... We've gotta find an identity. We don't have that right now."

Antetokounmpo is averaging 28.3 points, 12.3 rebounds and 6.3 assists per contest while shooting 66.7% from the field through the first three games.

However, the Bucks are just 1-2.

Eric Nehm of The Athletic also shared a quote from head coach Doc Rivers after the game.

Rivers (Via Nehm): "The last two games have been very disappointing. It's the third game still. You still gotta keep fighting, but these are games you should win."

Following the Nets, the Bucks will resume action on Monday evening when they visit Jayson Tatum and the Boston Celtics.

Going up against the 2024 NBA Champions will give them an excellent chance to see where they are at.

Published Oct 28, 2024|Modified Oct 28, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/giannis-antetokounmpo-makes-brutally-honest-statement-after-bucks-nets-game-nba-october 
 ----- 
