Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
What’s Happening This Week: Phillies vs. Rays, September 9-11
Share
What’s Happening This Week: Phillies vs. Rays, September 9-11
Phillies day of game employee, retiring after 60 years, to be recognized on-field; Players to wear purple shirts during BP in honor of PCADV Night; Plus, Phillies and Toyota to honor First Responders, Observe September 11th Remembrance
September 8th, 2024
Share

The hunt for Red October continues as the Phils return home to take on the Tampa Bay Rays, Monday, September 9, to Wednesday, September 11, at Citizens Bank Park. Here’s a look at some of the fan highlights surrounding this week’s games:

The series begins on Monday, September 9, at 6:40 p.m. Before the game, members of the Phillies Baseball Academy will parade on the field. Plus, Wes Whittington, a Phillies game-day employee who will be retiring after 60 years, will be recognized on-field.
Whittington, a Buena Vista Township resident, has worked at Citizens Bank Park as the Director of Communications since opening day 2004. Before he retires, Phillies Vice President, Operations & Security Sal DeAngelis and Director of Facility Operations Ed Speer will present him with a special gift for his long-time service. His time with the Phillies, 1964-2024, has spanned three ballparks: Connie Mack Stadium, Veterans Stadium and Citizens Bank Park.
The Phillies will host the final Strike Out the Stigma event of the season, presented by GHOST®. This month’s topic is “Culture in Sports,” and features special guests from the Phillies front office and mental health departments. Limited tickets remain, click here to purchase.
On Tuesday, September 10, at the 6:40 p.m. game, the Phillies will host Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence (PCADV) Night, with awareness to be made on the importance of healthy relationships. Plus, stop by the pregame Chevy Block Party on Citizens Bank Way!
Players will wear purple shirts in honor of the cause during batting practice. Also, members of PCADV and local domestic violence (DV) organizations will be recognized on-field pregame. Joining them will be Phillies Manager Rob Thomson, who will be featured, along with his wife Michele, in a PhanaVision video about the importance of healthy relationships, recorded from a recent sit-down interview.
Local DV organizations will be onsite with information including Lutheran Settlement House, Women in Transition, Women Against Abuse, and Congreso de Latinos Unidos (First Base Gate) and Domestic Violence Center of Chester County, Laurel House, Turning Point of Lehigh Valley, and Women’s Center of Montgomery County (Third Base Gate).
Awareness will also be made on how to find help 24/7: by contacting a local domestic violence program by visiting PCADV.org or the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233).
In addition, fans are invited to the Chevy Block Party from 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. on Citizens Bank Way, featuring the new lineup of exciting electric vehicles, including the first-ever all-electric Blazer EV, Equinox EV and Silverado EV.
Also pregame, the Phillies and Philadelphia Area Chevrolet Dealers will honor paramedic Matthew Patterson, Officer Robert Hoppe and Officer Melissa Robison as they are presented with National Liberty Museum Awards of Valor.
As part of Nemours Family Day, Nemours employee and cancer patient Jennifer Ness will throw a ceremonial first pitch. Plus, Air Force veteran Paula Jermyn, who is a Nemours employee, will change third base at the end of the 3rd
Habitat for Humanity CEO Corrine O’Connell will throw a ceremonial pitch.
Before Wednesday’s game, the Phillies and Toyota will host a special “First Responders Night” pregame tribute as they join Major League Baseball to remember the events of September 11, 2001, and honor those whose lives were affected or lost on that tragic day. Fans are encouraged to be in their seats by 6:15 p.m.
In recognition, there will be special line-up cards and base jewels. Players will wear on-field New Era cap with a 9/11 silhouetted ribbon patch.
In addition to a Philadelphia Police Department All-Service Honor Guard, there will be an on-field presentation of the 50 state flags as the national anthem is performed by the United States Army Herald Trumpets. There will also be a moment of silence in recognition of those who lost their lives on 9/11.
As part of the evening, Toyota will be honoring the Veterans Multi-Service Center for their support of military and first responders. Highlights include: a $5,000 check presentation to the Veterans Multi-Service Center from the Toyota Dealers Association; a ceremonial first pitch thrown by Jim Davie, United States Marine Corps Veteran and Veterans Multi-Service Center Board Vice President; and a ceremonial base change conducted by Steve Phillabaum, United States Navy veteran and Veterans Multi-Service Center Board treasurer.
Other highlights include a “God Bless America” performance by a trumpeter quintet from the United States Army Herald during the 7th inning stretch.
For this series only, Brynn Bradley will be offering its Chicken Cutlet Sandwich at Coca-Cola Corner (left field), and paired with a Coke Zero for $22.98+tax.
Place your bids on the final Phillies Charities, Inc. Online Auction of the regular season, featuring team-issued and game-used autographed memorabilia signed by former and current players, on com/auctions until September 30 at 6:00 p.m.

More Need-to-Know Information:

Gate Openings: 5:10 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
NEW Phillies Live Audio: Fans at Citizens Bank Park can enjoy the Phillies 94 WIP radio broadcast in real time. Using the MLB Ballpark app, navigate to the “Phillies Live Audio” tile and follow the instructions.
Go-Ahead Entry: Enroll on the MLB Ballpark app for a free-flow ballpark entry experience that allows ticket holders the ability to enter the ballpark at full walking speed without stopping. Go-Ahead Entry lanes are located at the First Base, Third Base and Left Field Gates.
Access Tickets & More: Use the free MLB Ballpark app for your guide to Citizens Bank Park and to access tickets (including sports complex parking), forward tickets to friends, use the interactive concourse maps, enroll in Go-Ahead Entry and enjoy games.
Broadcast: All three games will be broadcast on NBCSP, as well as nbcsportsphiladelphia.com and the NBC Sports App. The games will also be broadcast on 94 WIP and WTTM 1680.
Mobile Ordering: Includes Manco & Manco @ Foundry Pizza, Miller Lite Liberty Landing, Pass and Stow and Shake Shack. Order your favorite menu items and skip the line when ordering through the MLB Ballpark app.
Bag Policy: In an effort to expedite entry, guests are prohibited from bringing non-clear bags, including backpacks and drawstring bags, into the ballpark. Only clutch purses and/or fanny packs (no larger than 5" x 7"), clear bags (no larger than 12" x 6" x 12"), medical bags and diaper bags will be permitted into Citizens Bank Park. All bags will be subject to inspection upon entry in accordance with Major League Baseball security regulations.
Uber RideShare Lot: Lot T is designated for Uber RideShare for all Citizens Bank Park and Wells Fargo Center events. Fans should exit the Third Base Gate and walk along Pattison Avenue toward Broad Street to enter the lot and request a vehicle, which will meet each rider in the designated area.
Parking: Please click here for a parking map. Parking for Phillies games is cashless. Methods of payment include credit/debit cards and mobile payment (Apple Pay, Google Pay). To expedite entry, pre-paid parking passes may also be purchased prior to the game.
Public Transportation: Transit services are also available; for a SEPTA schedule, please visit septa.org.
Traffic: Log on to 511pa.com, www.511nj.org or call 511 from any phone to check traffic conditions.
Stay informed! Follow @PhilliesCBP on X and like the official Citizens Bank Park Facebook page.
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-what-s-happening-this-week-phillies-vs-rays-september-9-11-2024 
 ----- 
