HOME
MATCHES
STANDINGS
NEWS
VIDEOS
TEAMS
STATS
SHOP
FAN PASSPORT
BUY TICKETS
PLAYER OF THE TOURNAMENT
PERFECT-DELIVERY
ABOUT
ICC HOME
ENGLISH
VIDEOS
SHOP
SIGN IN
22 June, 2024
Jones ready for England challenge as USA eye a positive end
Aaron Jones shared his determination to win the game against England, confident that his men will give their best to ensure USA’s T20 World Cup campaign concludes on a positive note.

With a nine-wicket loss to the West Indies on June 21, USA stand on the brink of exit from the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024, albeit having displayed some exceptional performances throughout the tournament, making their way into the Super Eights comfortably, by defeating Pakistan and Canada.

In Group 2 of the Super Eights, South Africa sit at the top of the table with wins against England and USA, having registered four points, whereas England and West Indies occupy the second and third spots respectively, with two points each. USA are currently at the bottom with no points to their name as of yet.

West Indies impress against USA in Barbados to stay in semi-final race

The co-hosts will be taking on England in their final Super Eights fixture on June 23, 2024, at the Kensington Oval Stadium in Barbados, determined to conclude their season on a positive note.

Captain Aaron Jones considers the match against England important, and shared his desire to win every game when he dons the USA kit, irrespective of who the opponent is.

Aaron Jones hit a monster six

Summing up their T20 World Cup campaign and highlighting its importance in the rise of associate cricket in the USA, Jones shared, “I think the game against England is important. For me personally, every time I put on a US jersey, I want to win the game, regardless of who we're playing against.

“I think over the last couple of weeks, starting from winning the series against Bangladesh, it really and truly opened the eyes of everybody in the world, not only for US cricket, but associate cricket in general.”

“And then obviously moving on to beating Pakistan in the World Cup, and then having a close game against India and then a close game against South Africa. People know that associate cricket is on the rise I would say.”

USA will go all out against England to ensure a positive end to their fairytale campaign, but Jones doesn’t feel any pressure taking on the defending champions to achieve that.

USA stun Pakistan in a dramatic Super Over finale in Dallas at the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024.

“I don't think (there) is any pressure. I think when we first started the World Cup a lot of people didn't think that we would be here right now. Obviously, we always believed, even before the World Cup started, that we could beat any team in the world. And as I say, every time you put on your jersey and you go and play for your country, you want to win,” stated Jones with optimism.

“So definitely we want to win the game against England and finish well, although we can't advance in the next round for sure.”

“For me personally, I will go into the game just looking to win the game and doing as best as possible as a team and me personally as well. And then let's see what happens after that.”

ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024
USA Vs England - Super Eight - Match 9 - 6/23/2024
PREMIER PARTNERS
GLOBAL PARTNERS
OFFICIAL SUPPORTER
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
CAREERS
RELATED SITES
ABOUT
Copyright 2024 ICC. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Policy
Reject All Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.icc-cricket.com/tournaments/t20cricketworldcup/news/jones-ready-for-england-challenge-as-usa-eye-a-positive-end 
 ----- 
