Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
5 things we learned about the Philadelphia Phillies this season
By
Nick Butler
|
Sep 21, 2023
Sep 20, 2023; Cumberland, Georgia, USA; Philadelphia Phillies designated hitter Bryce Harper (3) high fives with right fielder Nick Castellanos (8) after scoring a run against the Atlanta Braves during the tenth inning at Truist Park. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
Prev
5 of 6
Next
Sep 18, 2023; Cumberland, Georgia, USA; Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Bryce Harper (3) records the final out against the Atlanta Braves during the ninth inning at Truist Park. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports

At the beginning of this season, the Phillies took a massive blow losing Rhys Hoskins to a freak non-contact ACL injury and Darrick Hall to a broken thumb. With those injuries, question marks surrounded first base. While playing Alec Bohm at first and Edmundo Sosa at third was a good lineup, it wasn’t the permanent fix.

Even sprinkling Jake Cave and Kody Clemens wasn’t exactly doing it for the team. Then, out of the blue one day, an alert came through on most sports fans phones about Bryce Harper wanting a move to first base for this season. While a lot of fans were skeptical, those in Philly believed that if anyone could do it, it would be Bryce Harper.

The moment Bryce Harper jumped to first base was the second Bryce Harper returned. While it was a wonder as if we would see Harper’s power return, leave it to him to show it off in an insane fashion. Hitting clutch run after run, the Bryce Harper who had the biggest swing of his life had returned.

There is no fear for Harper not being Harper going into the playoffs and that is the big key for this team to get back to the mountaintop.

Next
Home/Philadelphia Phillies
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/21/philadelphia-phillies-5-things-learned-2023-season/5/ 
 ----- 
