Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Raiders 10 - 38 Bills
Buffalo Bills bulldoze Las Vegas Raiders in Josh Allen vs. Jimmy Garoppolo showdown

The Bills beat the Raiders after week 1 Jets upset

Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen, left, talks to Las Vegas Raiders quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo / LAPRESSE
LW
17/09/2023 - 20:52 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Bills at Jets thriller on Monday Night Football breaks viewership record
New York Jets. Aaron Rodgers could return to action this season

The Buffalo Bills vs. Las Vegas Raiders was an exciting game proving that the worse Josh Allen plays one week, the better he will play the next finishing 38-10 in favor of the Bills, meanwhile, Jimmy Garoppolo and the Raiders seemed to have the game under control the first minutes, however, it all slipped away after a few intense plays from Buffalo's defense.

Josh Allen had a terrible season opener even with Aaron Rodgers being out of the game due to an Achilles tendon rupture, the Bills lost to the Jets in overtime due to different factors, but mostly Allen's turnovers did not help the game.

Buffalo's Josh Allen had 4 turnovers in total against the New York Jets

Allen addressed the feeling he had after the terrible loss against the Jets "I love feeling how I felt last week. I really do, because it makes the good feel that much better," Allen elaborated "I take the bad with the good, I understand it, and I'm just trying to let it fuel me and use it to my benefit."

Against Jimmy G's team, Allen threw three touchdown passes in a game he opened by completing his first 13 attempts changing it up from last week's more aggressive approach that did not work against the Jets.

Allen's constant and steady rhythm with short easy and secure attempts was the key for him to finish 31 of 37 for 274 yards and -surprisingly- no turnovers.

Buffalo's Center Mitch Morse weighed in on Allen's performance "I think it represents his tenacity as a competitor, and also that he understands who he is," Morse said. "It's a beautiful thing. And it was just awesome to see and be a part of this week, especially Josh going out there and finding his mojo."

The Raiders began strong with Davante Adam's 16-yard touchdown catch within the first three minutes into the game and remained in a 10-point lock for the rest of the game while the Bills bulldozed them over.

Raider's Coach Josh McDaniels addressed the loss
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Sarah Fergu...
Marca

"I thought we created some momentum at the beginning of the game. But momentum is just a word," Raiders coach Josh McDaniels said. "We need to play well and coach well, for 60 minutes. We can't just live off the momentum of a drive. We had five decent plays and then didn't play very well the rest of the game."

The Raiders will welcome the Steelers on their first home opener while the Bills will fly to Washington to face the Commanders on Sunday.

NFL - English
Buffalo Bills - English
Las Vegas Raiders - English
Josh Allen - English
Jimmy Garoppolo - English
Buffalo BillsHow long can the Buffalo Bills keep their Super Bowl dream alive maintaining their contender status?
Las Vegas RaidersJimmy Garoppolo makes game-winning play in Raiders debut vs. Sean Payton's Broncos
NFLAaron Rodgers, Josh Allen and Daniel Jones churn out worst NFL week in NY history
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Jennifer Aniston's last words to An...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/buffalo-bills/2023/09/18/65078f08268e3e2f108b458a.html 
 ----- 
