EPL

Transfer News
Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
What Now for Walker & Man City?
Does the PL Have a Corner Problem?
The Premier League’s PSR Deadline
Manchester City’s ball-carriers add a new dimension to the champions’ attacking intent
By Sam Lee
Sep 12, 2023

37

Manchester City’s summer business suggests the football they play might look pretty different this season.

By bringing in Josko Gvardiol, Matheus Nunes, Mateo Kovacic and Jeremy Doku they have signed players, in all areas of the pitch, who are very comfortable dribbling past opponents.

City were obviously not missing much last season considering they won the treble, and their midfield in particular would be hard to improve upon given it was often made up of Rodri, Ilkay Gundogan and Kevin De Bruyne — an essentially perfect trio in so many aspects.

But, for all of their ways of picking apart defences, they were not especially well-equipped to run with the ball past an opponent or two.

John Stones started to add that when he stepped up from defence, but City clearly felt they needed more options — and somebody who perhaps has a better final pass.

6/6 – John Stones completed all six of his attempted dribbles against Internazionale (100%); the last player to complete more than that in a UEFA Champions League final was Lionel Messi in 2015 (10 v Juventus). Total. #UCLFinal pic.twitter.com/BYXf2kHZEQ

— OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) June 10, 2023

As Pep Guardiola looks to evolve the team once again, dribbling appears to be top of the agenda given the summer business, especially considering they had initially pursued Jude Bellingham, then Declan Rice, and had also given strong consideration to Eberechi Eze.

Those close to Guardiola insist the club were not going out of their way to add that particular quality, and it is also said regularly that the players they did sign have other qualities, too.

In fact, Guardiola’s assistant, Juanma Lillo, said exactly that in public.

“Each one has their own qualities, and one of them is that (carrying the ball),” he said. “And then, in terms of how they contribute to the game, they have more qualities.”

But while we should not lose sight of the various other things that City’s new signings will supply, the move towards dribbling — particularly through the middle of midfield — is already evident.

That will prove to be important throughout the season for two reasons.

First, City expect more teams to use man-to-man marking against them and, because Guardiola’s chosen method to combat that is long balls over the pressure and to fight for the second balls, there will be spaces opened up into which his players can run. That will be especially useful for Doku, the very direct Belgian winger.

But it also has a very useful purpose against teams that like to sit deep and stay compact, because a well-executed dribble can take out several players at once and bring City up the pitch quickly while opponents scramble to reorganise.

Kovacic, in particular, has been showing the benefits since day one.

In the Community Shield against Arsenal he picked the ball up inside his own box and set off.

He was able to move past three Arsenal players…

… and get into a position to aim a pass in behind for Erling Haaland — something Guardiola had wanted his players to perfect all the way through last season.

Guardiola lamented that his players should look for Haaland more often (at the right moment). De Bruyne was the only midfielder who constantly tried to send the Norwegian in behind, but Kovacic has shown himself to be very willing already.

Take this example against Newcastle, when he picked the ball up inside his own half and drove forward, past three Newcastle players.

Suddenly he was beyond Newcastle’s line of midfielders, all courtesy of his own work, and was again in a position to aim for Haaland even if, on this occasion, his pass was cut out well.

He pulled off another line-breaking run at Sheffield United, City’s most defensively stubborn opponents to date this season.

Again he drives through players but this time ends up reaching the final third…

… where he gets dragged down. Here, he has taken City more than 35 yards up the pitch in around six seconds, causing panic in the Blades’ defence.

Against Fulham before the international break he showcased another of his skills — the ability to slip out of tight spots under pressure and come out with the ball. Here, he turns his man and again darts up-field.

Yet again he was past the entire opposition midfield line all through his own work before trying to pick out Haaland, although again unsuccessfully.

While these examples showcase his ball-carrying ability rather than his eye for a pass, he has picked out Haaland (and other players) with through balls this season, including in the build-up to City’s first goal against Fulham, before City’s penalty at Sheffield United and for a great Haaland chance later in that game, as well as for Julian Alvarez’s goal against Newcastle.

Without De Bruyne, those kind of passes are especially welcome.

Gvardiol, Kovacic’s team-mate for club and country, has also showed what he can do on the ball. First, he heads the ball up in the air and bamboozles his opponent with a smart turn that gives him some space in which to work.

He sets off, leaving opponents in his wake.

Like Kovacic, he moves City up the pitch more than 35 yards in about six seconds, before attempting an in-field pass.

Against Sevilla in the Super Cup the two Croatians combined.

Gvardiol brought the ball up the pitch with a more routine carry, not committing any opponents.

When he gets into the Sevilla half he lays it off to Kovacic, who immediately sets off.

He shrugs off a challenge and gets into a pocket of space in front of the defence, again breaking through the middle line.




He finds Haaland this time, who passes to Phil Foden, but the chance is crowded out.

Doku made his debut at the weekend and showed flashes of his biggest quality, too — standing up his man and then bursting toward the touchline…


… where he put in a cross with his left foot.

There was an example of his threat on the break, too, as he sprinted forward down the left.

As he approached the area, all Issa Diop could do is bring him down and pick up a booking.

Doku had an up-and-down debut, but did highlight his dribbling, as this video shows.

If anything, this aspect of City’s play will only become more common as the season goes on once Matheus Nunes beds in. City sporting director Txiki Begiristain said the new arrival from Wolves brings “a new dynamic” to the group and that is something Kyle Walker picked up on during a recent interview.

“Nunes — a great ball carrier,” he said. “We’ve seen what he did at Old Trafford (with Wolves). Fantastic player.”

Matheus Nunes has completed the most take-ons in the Premier League so far this season (11) and no player in Europe’s top seven divisions has won more duels (23).

In 2022/23, he clocked the highest top speed of any central-midfielder in the Premier League (36.32 km/h). pic.twitter.com/j21so5mhn9

— Squawka (@Squawka) August 23, 2023

Indeed, there were glimpses of things to come from somebody who has stood out for his dribbling ability through midfield. Before half-time of Wolves’ match at Manchester United in the opening round of Premier League fixtures, he took possession under pressure, but rolled the ball under his foot and span away.

As he moved clear he was fouled, halting his progress.

A few moments later he picked his way through a challenge and was able to drive forward into space.

And when he approached the final third he played the ball in behind for Matheus Cunha to collect.

Some of Guardiola’s tactical tweaks and evolutions can be harder to spot, with matches often turned on their head thanks to subtle readjustments rather than substitutions.

But their move towards ball carriers — coincidental or otherwise — promises to be more eye-catching.

GO DEEPER

Inside Manchester City's strangely complicated transfer window

(Top photos: Getty Images)

Sam Lee is the Manchester City correspondent for The Athletic. The 2020-21 campaign will be his sixth following the club, having previously held other positions with Goal and the BBC, and freelancing in South America. Follow Sam on Twitter @SamLee

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4844512/2023/09/12/manchester-city-ball-carriers-doku-kovacic-gvardiol-nunes/ 
 ----- 
