SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
SLOVENIA COMPLETE DOUBLE OVER KAZAKHSTAN AS THEY EDGE TO NATIONS LEAGUE VICTORY
Slovenia complete double over Kazakhstan as they edge to Nations League victory
Anthony Tomas,
13.10.2024 14:58
Slovenia and Kazakhstan in Nations League action
Profimedia
Slovenia extended their perfect record against Kazakhstan to four wins from four meetings, claiming a 1-0 win at the Almaty Central Stadium and leaving the visitors still searching for their first goal in UEFA Nations League (UNL) Group B3.

Protecting a four-match unbeaten run on home soil in the UNL, Kazakhstan made the brighter start, testing visiting goalkeeper Jan Oblak before the 15-minute mark when Abat Aimbetov turned on the edge of the box and curled an effort onto the crossbar as Oblak stood helpless.

The hosts were powerless to stop Benjamin Sesko putting three past them in the reverse fixture, and the striker had his first sight of goal five minutes later, but Igor Shatskiy got down well to deny him.

After his side shipped four unanswered goals in Austria on Thursday, the decision by Stanislav Cherchesov to play a back five was paying off, as the Hawks kept Slovenia at bay despite mounting pressure.

However, they still had Shatskiy to thank late in the half, as he denied Sesko’s header with a great reflex save, before securing the half-time stalemate by keeping Adam Gnezda Cerin’s strike from finding the bottom corner.

Match stats
Flashscore

However, the home side’s resistance was broken 10 minutes after the break in some style. Erik Janza picked out Jan Mlakar on the edge of the area, and his thunderous strike had too much on it for Shatskiy as it clipped the underside of the bar on its way in. 

Searching for a quickfire double, Matjaz Kek’s side struck the woodwork on the other side of the hour mark, but this time, Sesko’s weaving run ended with his shot cannoning back off the post.

Chances were few and far between in the latter stages as the visitors stifled any Kazakh hopes of a late equaliser.

Moving level with Norway on seven points was the ideal response from Slovenia, whose 3-0 loss to the Norwegians on Thursday is their only 90-minute defeat in 13 matches – a run that began with a win over Kazakhstan last November.

The same match, incidentally, also started the Hawks’ run of eight losses in their last 10.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Jan Mlakar (Slovenia)

Check out the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
Kazakhstan
Slovenia
UEFA Nations League
Jan Mlakar
Related Articles
Uninspired Poland still struggle to close gap to elite in Portugal loss
13.10.2024 13:28
Motivated Belgium hope to end long wait for competitive France win
13.10.2024 12:31
Croatia win extends 'brave' Scotland's worst losing streak in five years
13.10.2024 05:29
Show more
Football
Former England assistant Steve Holland appointed Yokohama F Marinos manager
30 min ago
Brazil legend Ronaldo running to be president of nation's FA
56 min ago
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
1 h ago
Simone Inzaghi hails Inter Milan players after side thrash in-form Lazio
1 h ago
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
11 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
11 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
11 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
13 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
13 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
14 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-uefa-nations-league-slovenia-complete-double-over-kazakhstan-as-they-edge-to-nations-league-victory/x05SZKVN/ 
 ----- 
