www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 10 10 → Article 1954748
Click to view details
56.426%   

5,206,193

Sports News of Thursday, 10 October 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Team News and Head-to-Head: All you need to about Ghana vs Sudan clash

« Prev

Next »

Comments (0)

Listen to Article

Share:

Sudan coach, Kwasi Appiah and Ghana coach, Otto Addo

The biggest match in Group F of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers takes place today, October 10, 2024, at the Accra Sports Stadium.

The Black Stars of Ghana take on the Falcons of Jediane in a match whose result will have huge ramifications on Ghana’s chances of qualifying for the AFCON, which will be held in Morocco.

The build-up to the game has focused largely on Ghana’s last-minute efforts to get the stadium ready for the game, as well as the battle between Ghana coach Otto Addo and Sudan coach Kwasi Appiah, who is a Ghanaian.

Ahead of the game, GhanaWeb brings you all that you need to know

Ghana has been dealt major blows in terms of the availability of key players, with Thomas Partey, Joseph Paintsil, Kingsley Schindler, and Osman Ibrahim all ruled out.

Sudan, on the other hand, has no injury worries and came to Ghana with the full complement of their squad.

Group F standings

After one point from two games, the Black Stars currently lie third on the table, while Sudan has three points from two games and is second.

Angola leads the group with six points, while Niger is at the bottom with one point.

Otto Addo’s record as Ghana coach

The Black Stars have played six matches since Otto Addo returned as substantive coach. The Black Stars have won two, lost two, and drawn two of the matches.

In the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, Otto Addo is yet to win a game, having played two matches.

The Black Stars have scored ten goals in Otto Addo’s second stint and conceded.



Kwasi Appiah’s record as Sudan coach

Under Kwasi Appiah, Sudan has played sixteen matches, winning eight, drawing four, and losing four of the sixteen matches.

They have scored twenty goals and conceded eleven.

Ghana vs Sudan head-to-head

Ghana and Sudan have met 14 times, with the Black Stars having the upper hand in terms of the number of victories chalked so far.

Of the 14 matches, Ghana has won 10, with Sudan winning 3, while one ended in a draw.

Key players

Mohammed Kudus’ 2024/2025 season may not be going as expected, but he is still Ghana’s best player. The West Ham midfielder has the potential to conjure miracles and make things work for the Black Stars.

Seifi Tieri is the one man the Sudanese will be hoping to do the damage for them in their game against Ghana. The 30-year-old, who plies his trade with Pharco FC, will prove a headache for the Ghanaian defense, which has not looked solid recently.





EK



Related Articles:
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Sudan's assistant coach explains 'heated exchange' with ace Ghanaian journalist Atta Poku
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has no comments yet, be the first to comment
Basintale, Dafeamekpor, Hannah Bissiw: EC official blows cover of 3 NDC gurus who led supporters to attack police, officials
I lied about Nana Addo – Kwadwo Twum Boafo
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Wash New Clothes Before Wearing, Here's Why!
NDC youth attack Seth Terkper for suggesting Free SHS must be limited to day students
Why Ken Agyapong is to be partly blamed for NPP's defeat - UG lecturer
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Wash New Clothes Before Wearing, Here's Why!
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's what a Water Filtration System Should Cost in North Charleston
Finally... A Whole-House Water Treatment System That Is Affordable To Everyone
Smart Lifestyle Trends
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Low Energy? Chuck Norris Says Eat This 1 Fruit
In this free video, action star Chuck Norris reveals his keys to getting more energy later on in life.
Roundhouse Provisions
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Never Wear New Clothes Before Washing, Here's Why
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Sneaky Way South Carolina Homeowners Are Getting New Water Filtration System
Finally... A Whole-House Water Treatment System That Is Affordable To Everyone
Smart Lifestyle Trends
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's 5 reasons why an Ooni makes the perfect gift.
Surprise your loved ones with a pizza oven this holiday season
Ooni Pizza Ovens
|
Sponsored
News
LIVESTREAMING: Parliament reconvenes after Speaker Bagbin's recall
Business
Cedi gains momentum at forex bureaus
Entertainment
'I don’t earn from TikTok; I make money from wearing wigs and female clothes' – Akonoba
Africa
West African bloc pins hopes on ambitious superhighway from Ivory Coast to Nigeria
Opinions
Behind President Mahama’s historic victory are his loyalists; how Lordina Mahama, Julius Debrah, Seidu Agongo stood the test of loyalty
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Team-News-and-Head-to-Head-All-you-need-to-about-Ghana-vs-Sudan-clash-1954748 
 ----- 
