Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Detroit Tigers pull off another rally to stun Rays, 4-3, can clinch playoffs Friday
Evan Petzold, Detroit Free Press
Thu, Sep 26, 2024·3 min read
2

The Detroit Tigers couldn't get anything going against Tampa Bay Rays left-hander Tyler Alexander.

Alexander, a crafty southpaw who pitched for the Tigers from 2019-23, shoved five scoreless innings with six strikeouts, limiting the Tigers to just four hits.

After waiting out Alexander, the Tigers mounted a comeback in the later innings for a 4-3 win over the Tampa Bay Rays in Sunday's finale of a three-game series at Comerica Park, extending their winning streak to five games.

Colt Keith finished 2-for-4 with two RBIs.

The Tigers (85-74) have a 30-11 record in their past 41 games.

JEFF SEIDEL: Detroit understood the assignment: Comerica Park comes alive and Tigers win

Detroit Tigers second base Colt Keith (33) throws towards first base as Tampa Bay Rays catcher Ben Rortvedt (30) slides into second base during the second inning at Comerica Park in Detroit on Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024.
More

The Tigers took care of business in the eighth inning, scoring two runs against left-handed reliever Garrett Cleavinger for a 4-3 lead. Keith tied the game, 3-3, with an RBI single.

At that point, there were runners on the corners with one out for Justyn-Henry Malloy, who pinch-hit for Kerry Carpenter. Malloy hit a sixth-pitch slider to center field, deep enough for Matt Vierling to score with a head-first slide from third base.

The sac fly from Malloy made it 4-3.

The Tigers stormed back in the sixth inning, facing right-handed reliever Hunter Bigge. Three consecutive batters reached safely, all with two outs: Matt Vierling worked a seven-pitch walk, Keith ripped a triple and Carpenter smacked a single.

The triple from Keith and the single from Carpenter drove in one run apiece, cutting the Tigers' deficit to 3-2. Carpenter came off the bench as a pinch-hitter, replacing Spencer Torkelson.

[ MUST LISTEN: Make "Days of Roar" your go-to Detroit Tigers podcast, available anywhere you listen to podcasts (Apple, Spotify) ]

Reese Olson starts

Right-hander Reese Olson made his third start since returning from the injured list, increasing his pitch count to 72 pitches. He threw 50 pitches in his first start and 58 pitches in his second start.

In his third start, Olson allowed two runs on four hits and zero walks with three strikeouts across four innings. The Rays tagged him for two runs on three singles in the third inning.

HIS TIME: How Jackson Jobe learned he would join Tigers: 'It came out of nowhere'

All three singles were hit past Keith at second base, including Brandon Lowe's two-run single with two outs. The other two hits came from Ben Rortvedt and Taylor Walls.

Olson bounced back by avoiding damage on a one-out single in the fourth inning. The 25-year-old owns a 6.75 ERA across 9⅓ innings in three starts since coming back from a right shoulder strain, which sidelined him for nearly two months.

Casey Mize's new role

It was odd to see.

Right-hander Casey Mize worked as a reliever for the first time in his professional career, following 31 starts in the minor leagues and 59 starts in the major leagues. He hadn't pitched in a relief role since his freshman season at Auburn in 2016.

CALLING ALL FANS: Tigers' Tarik Skubal sends message to fans during postseason push

Sure enough, Mize jogged out of the bullpen for the fifth inning of Thursday's game against the Rays. The 27-year-old gave up one run on three hits and zero walks with four strikeouts across two innings, throwing 39 pitches.

A triple and a wild pitch in the fifth put the Rays ahead, 3-0.

But Mize impressed in the sixth, when he allowed a leadoff double but stranded the runner with three strikeouts in a row: Dylan Carlson (splitter, swinging), Josh Lowe (fastball, swinging) and Jose Siri (fastball, called).

Contact Evan Petzold at epetzold@freepress.com or follow him @EvanPetzold.

Listen to our weekly Tigers show "Days of Roar" every Monday afternoon on demand at freep.com, Apple, Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. And catch all of our podcasts and daily voice briefing at freep.com/podcasts.

This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Detroit Tigers pull off another rally to stun Tampa Bay Rays, 4-3

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win over Penn State

Both teams combined for 31 points in the fourth quarter after scoring just 20 in the first three quarters.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

40m ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Hideki Matsuyama avoids disaster after driver flies out of hands at Sony Open in Hawaii

Matsuyama nearly hit someone with his driver on a tee shot. He proceeded to birdie the hole.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Australian Open preview: Novak Djokovic tries to get back on top, Aryna Sabalenka goes for 3rd consecutive trophy

Aryna Sabalenka and Jannik Sinner will try to defend their 2024 titles, but Coco Gauff and Novak Djokovic loom large.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
About Last Night: Fantasy basketball stars deliver as Cavaliers top Thunder in matchup of NBA's top teams

Wednesday's NBA slate provided a blend of history and standout fantasy performances. Dan Titus has the top takeaways from the slate.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Travis Kelce disputes that Chiefs threw game vs. Broncos to duck Bengals in playoffs: 'We didn't f***ing throw any game'

"I'll play them at the Walmart parking lot, I don't give a s***."

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders reportedly request interviews with Lions coordinators, putting Tom Brady's Fox broadcast conflict front and center

How exactly is Tom Brady supposed to provide unfettered commentary on coaches he's interviewing as a minority owner of the Raiders?

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bengals WR Jermaine Burton reportedly accused of assaulting woman, no charges filed

Jermaine Burton's rookie year was an unmitigated disaster.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/detroit-tigers-pull-off-another-193644282.html 
 ----- 
