Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESHBH vs SYS - LiveBRH vs MLS - TossWEL vs NK - NK WonNZ vs SL - PreviewRGR vs SYST - RGR Won
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
Australia vs India
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
Pakistan vs South Africa
1st Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
2nd T20I
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
3rd T20I
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
1st Test
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
BBL 2024-25
Sydney Thunder vs Melbourne Renegades
16th Match
Adelaide Strikers vs Perth Scorchers
17th Match
Hobart Hurricanes vs Sydney Sixers  LIVE
18th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Melbourne Stars
19th Match
Melbourne Renegades vs Adelaide Strikers
20th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Sydney Sixers
21st Match
BPL, 2024-25
Durbar Rajshahi vs Fortune Barishal
1st Match
Rangpur Riders vs Dhaka Capitals
2nd Match
Khulna Tigers vs Chittagong Kings
3rd Match
Rangpur Riders vs Sylhet Strikers
4th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Dhaka Capitals
5th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Rangpur Riders
6th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Chittagong Kings
7th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Otago vs Central Districts
4th Match
Wellington vs Northern Knights
5th Match
Auckland vs Canterbury
6th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Tamil Nadu vs Vidarbha
Round 5, Group D
Jammu and Kashmir vs Mizoram
Round 5, Group D
Chandigarh vs Uttar Pradesh
Round 5, Group D
Sikkim vs Maharashtra
Round 5, Group B
Uttarakhand vs Haryana
Round 5, Group A
Karnataka vs Hyderabad
Round 5, Group C
Odisha vs Jharkhand
Round 5, Group A
Punjab vs Saurashtra
Round 5, Group C
Goa vs Assam
Round 5, Group A
Puducherry vs Arunachal Pradesh
Round 5, Group C
Baroda vs Bihar
Round 5, Group E
Manipur vs Gujarat
Round 5, Group A
Mumbai vs Nagaland
Round 5, Group C
Delhi vs Tripura
Round 5, Group E
Services vs Rajasthan
Round 5, Group B
Bengal vs Kerala
Round 5, Group E
Himachal Pradesh vs Railways
Round 5, Group B
Meghalaya vs Andhra
Round 5, Group B
Goa vs Gujarat
Round 6, Group A
Mumbai vs Puducherry
Round 6, Group C
Assam vs Manipur
Round 6, Group A
Arunachal Pradesh vs Nagaland
Round 6, Group C
Kerala vs Tripura
Round 6, Group E
Jharkhand vs Uttarakhand
Round 6, Group A
Hyderabad vs Punjab
Round 6, Group C
Bengal vs Bihar
Round 6, Group E
Railways vs Rajasthan
Round 6, Group A
Baroda vs Madhya Pradesh
Round 6, Group E
Andhra vs Maharashtra
Round 6, Group B
Uttar Pradesh vs Vidarbha
Round 6, Group D
Meghalaya vs Sikkim
Round 6, Group A
Tamil Nadu vs Mizoram
Round 6, Group D
Himachal Pradesh vs Services
Round 6, Group A
Chhattisgarh vs Jammu and Kashmir
Round 6, Group D
Haryana vs Odisha
Round 6, Group A
Saurashtra vs Karnataka
Round 6, Group C
T20 WORLD CUP 2022
Live Cricket Score - India vs England, 2nd semi-final, T20 World Cup 2022
by  Cricbuzz Staff  •  Last updated on Thu, Nov 10, 2022, 11:15 AM
Live Score Updates
England 170-0 (16 Ovs)
Jos Buttler  80 (49)
India 168-6
Mohammed Shami  3-0-39-0
England won by 10 wkts
Live Scores Full Scorecard
Share
	
Tweet
England smash India to reach the final © AFP
All over! England decimate India to reach the final

Exceptional. Absolutely exceptional from Buttler and Hales. They both carried their bats to add 170 together - the highest partnership in T20 World Cups. You could say India were too flat and toothless on the field but the issues in this game stretch back to how they batted in the start of the innings. Rohit Sharma reckoned he would've batted first too if he had won the toss and that added up considering this was a big knockout game and scoreboard pressure always climbs on the chasing side. But England bowled beautifully at the start and India had familiar struggles with Rahul falling early and Rohit being scratchy.

Buttler was top-class with his proactive captaincy, throwing Rohit and Kohli a leg spin challenge with both Rashid and Liam Livingstone bowling. Rashid finished with figures of 1 for 20 in 4 overs. India even got to 168 only because of a superlative effort right at the end from Hardik, where he smashed 50 in the last four overs. But as it turned out, that was not enough after the poor start that India made eventually cost them big. England's response to India's 168 was absolutely faultless. India hardly had a sniff in the 16 overs of bowling, never coming close to getting even one breakthrough. With that, the rude reality of falling short in another ICC event continues for India.

Spare a thought for India who've thoroughly entertained in this World Cup but have fallen short but also doff the biggest hat you've got to England here. They've bounced back from a defeat to Ireland, a washout against Australia and two backs-to-the-walls performances that even brought them to the last-four. Now they have a shot at glory against an equally feisty side - Pakistan - who too were headed for the exit when South Africa offered them an unreal detour with a defeat to Netherlands. Pakistan showed they can be exceptionally clinical too by dumping out last year's finalists - New Zealand.

All this means only one things - there's one hell of a final in store on Sunday, even without India in it. That's all from us for now, Ciao!

If you're looking for the difference maker in this game, this sums it up...

Deepu Narayanan
@deeputalks
Follow
India hit all of six boundaries in their first ten overs. England has hit 14 in the same period and there hasn't been a single over without a four or six in their innings yet!#INDvsENG
10 Nov 2022
  160  22

Hales, Buttler put England on course

It's just the 11th over and the openers have added a 100-run stand. India have been flat on the field from the start. No swing on offer, so no teeth in the bowling and the boundaries have come at will for Hales and Buttler. Every now and then you can hear shouts of 'come on, lads' from Rishabh Pant to help lift shoulders but it hasn't made the desired impact. For a while, Hardik and Kohli tried to get the massive India crowd going with increasing the decibel levels but that was quickly quashed by Buttler with a couple of commanding boundaries. This is a masterclass in T20 batting in a big chase here from the duo.

Flying start for England...

This is superb game management from England. They were top-class with the ball early on and through the middle and now they know they were going after a just about par total, they've gone about smashing it in the PowerPlay. It has worked in their favour - particularly Buttler's - that the white ball has just not swung for India. The openers have swung their bat around taking advantage of the field restrictions to bring up 52 for 0 in 5 overs. It's still early but the game is currently slipping away from India's grasp rather quickly.

Deepu Narayanan
@deeputalks
Follow
82 runs off 73 balls at a strike rate of 112 from India's top three today!!!#INDvsENG
10 Nov 2022
  240  17

India finish with 168/6!

And that's because they hit 68 off those in the 30 balls. It's a total down to Hardik Pandya's late pyrotechnics because India were headed for a lowly finish otherwise, considering they started slow, struggled in the middle-order and Suryakumar Yadav fell cheaply. Hardik smashed 63 off 33, before being hit wicket off the last ball of the innings (note it down, folks! There's a quiz question in there). This is a total just above par for the venue but feels a little underwhelming still against England's brawny batting. There will be the pressure of a big game so it could still be a close affair from here, so don't go anyhwere!

Fifty for Hardik!

He's got there off 29 balls. More importantly, he's done all the belting in the death overs to give india a lift.

Hardik flourish and Kohli's exit

Hardik Pandya gave Chris Jordan the treatment he deserved for horrendous lengths with two big sixes to start the 18th over. A couple of balls later, Kohli reached his half-century of 38 balls, but fell right away, dabbing to short third. 15 runs came off the over to push India to 136 for 4 in 18 overs.

Sam Curran at the death watch...

The two overs from the left-armer have the ability to tilt the game eitherway, and at this venue with shorter square boundaries, India should have an edge over pacer. Hardik welcomed him in the 17th with a flat six hammered over extra cover but Curran did well to come back and give away only 11 in the entire over. At that stage, that's excellent bowling and a missed chance for India to give their score a bigger push.

Kohli nears fifty but India need a big finish

They've got 110 for 3 in 16 overs, but need to target around 50 off the ending to even stand a chance here. Batting doesn't seem too tough and England pack quite a punch with the bat. India need something in the 160s to pull something off here.

Deafening silence at the Adelaide Oval!

And a big celebration from Adil Rashid. Understandable because Suryakumar Yadav has just failed (yes, you've read that right!). He went big on the offside against the a ball that was turned away from him and didn't middle it. Phil Salt took a simple catch at sweeper cover.

Rohit is gone!

He looked sharp very briefly against Curran but another lowly outing for the India captain. He went for a big shot against Chris Jordan, but with zero timing. The aim was to find the square fence with the straight ones being longer at this venue. The ball went high but not far and Sam Curran took a good catch at deep square leg.

England's mini leg-spin strangle

Right after Adil Rashid bowled the final over of PowerPlay, Buttler brought on LIam Livingstone to try and test waters against two batters who've been susceptible against the away-turning ball. They largely kept the two down giving away 8 and 5 in the two overs after the PP.

Rohit Sharma shrugs the lethargy?

It's lasted until the fourth over but the India skipper has had enough. One classy pull off Curran was followed by an absolutely disdainful one, and then a risky cut on the offside that was stopped well by the point fielder. Buttler brings in his leggie Adil Rashid and Rohit welcomes him with a sweep shot. It's not been the best PowerPlay for India but they've done alright towards the end. India 38 for 1 in 6 overs.

Consistent Curran at it again...

He beats the outside edge of Kohli with his left-armer's angle, even gets nick that falls short of Moeen in the slips and then has an appeal for LBW against Rohit Sharma turned down. Good start from England, this.

Here's a damning Rahul stat...

Scores against top-eight teams in T20 World Cups: 3(8) vs Pak in Dubai, 18(16) vs NZ in Dubai, 4(8) vs Pakistan in Melbourne, 9(14) vs SA in Perth, 5 (5) vs Eng in Adelaide.

Chris Woakes removes KL Rahul...

No third successive fifty for KL Rahul. He in fact falls in the second over, undone by extra bounce from Chris Woakes. He rises with the rising ball and ends up poking at the ball to Buttler behind. First blood in this massive game belongs to England!

Interesting...

Deepu Narayanan
@deeputalks
Follow
With Wood out, England probably realizes their best bet is to out-bat India. Hence the decision to bowl first despite England's poor recent record chasing. Adil Rashid batting at #11 is serious batting depth for a team.#INDvsENG
10 Nov 2022
  81  5

Ben Stokes at the start...

Before today, the all-rounder has dismissed KL Rahul twice in 13 balls in T20Is. Nice aggressive move from Buttler early on.

TOSS: England win the toss, opt to bowl; India pick Pant ahead of Karthik. England bring in Phil Salt and Chris Jordan for Dawid Malan and Mark Wood.

Let's talk tactics...

Against a current T20 batting behemoth, these are numbers are incredble from Bhuvneshwar Kumar. If the white ball swings, Bhuvneshwar will be in business again!

Can Buttler do better against Bhuvneshwar today? ©Cricbuzz

Chris Jordan has always been lauded for his death-overs bowling and wide yorkers, but maybe there's a reason to use a couple early on snuff out the opener with two successive fifties in the tournament.

Can KL Rahul get another half-century today? ©Cricbuzz

Captains thoughts...

Indeed. Two teams capable of flexing their batting muscles at will here. Interestingly, both teams have had to mellow down and tailor their otherwise gung-ho batting mentality to suit the testing conditions on offer in Australia. To be fair, both teams have done a decent job of it. Jos Buttler acknowledged the need to know that not always do you go for a 200-run total, but also that pushing the boundaries - like his team does so often - would be to get 150 when 125-130 is considered par.

Rohit Sharma meanwhile did a fine job of tempering the sky-high expectations, squarely taking the pressure off his players. Got to say something that hasn't been said in this World Cup so far - well played, Rohit!Because that's exactly what you want your skipper to do - let the world know that a failure in the semis - which comes with an iron-clad 50% possibility - doesn't define this side that has made giant strides since the lows of the early exit in 2021.

Prelude - India vs Pakistan or England vs Pakistan?

That's the big question tonight! Imagine being Babar Azam & Co. right now, sitting back, relaxed and watching two really, really strong sides leave everything on the field today to tussle them for the trophy. Ah, life! Anyway, I digress...

It's second semifinal day, folks! Hopes, expectations, pressures and nerves will all be through the roof for both sets of fans. Just imagine the stakes. Gargantuan. But there's something oddly calming about India vs England in a knockout game. For starters, it isn't India-v-Pakistan so the narrative and context is not heavily peppered with history and the relationship of the countries outside of the sport. And there's no recent big clash between these two sides to recall and cite as motive for revenge.

Coincidentally or not, these are two exceptional sides that have charted its own paths in white-ball cricket and now finally meet at the intersection. Tactically, this match is loaded with narratives and that's what's going to make the next four-odd hours extremely enticing. So, find your nearest cozy couch, clear your schedule for the day (you know you have to!) and glue yourself to the TV (or this BLOG!) and watch some magic unfold, because... that's just what this World Cup has been about.

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
India England ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2022 ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2022, 2nd Semi-Final
RELATED STORIES
Adil Rashid epitomises England's unique dynasty in white-ball cricket
Ben Stokes - So human, so very good
Pakistan go down swinging and singing
When England had a ball
England - the merry and glorious world champions
Best teams learn from their mistakes - Ben Stokes
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Seizing the moment ft. Pat Cummins
26m ago
Discussions set to take place with Rohit and Gambhir post BGT
15h ago
Abhishek-Prabhsimran record stand powers Punjab to massive win
18h ago
Allen, Connolly and bowlers extend Strikers' losing streak
19h ago
2024: The year of landmark overseas Test wins
1d ago
Zimbabwe thwart Afghanistan's victory push to hold on for draw
1d ago
More News
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you non-personalized ads. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policyOK
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
Privacy Preferences
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/124471/live-cricket-score-india-vs-england-2nd-semi-final-t20-world-cup-2022 
 ----- 
