Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
NBA
New York Knicks
Brooklyn Nets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
NBA
Nets GM Sean Marks has sights set on draft during West Coast trip
By Brian Lewis
Published Jan. 11, 2025, 10:13 p.m. ET

SALT LAKE CITY — The Nets are on the longest road trip of their season. And the most important. 

But perhaps not in the way many think. 

The trades of Dennis Schroder and Dorian Finney-Smith doubled down on the Nets’ commitment to building through the draft.

4
The Nets appear committed to building through the draft.
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST

And this marathon six-game trek may have an outsize impact on their positioning for that all-important lottery. 

“We’re building this, and we’re building this for hopefully sustainable success,” Nets GM Sean Marks told The Post. “That’s what we want. We want to get to that. 

“We’re going to have to be systematic with some of the decisions we make. And they may not always be in line with winning the next game or putting the most talent out there.” 

Less than a month ago, the Nets had Schroder and Finney-Smith and were sitting in the 15th draft position, with no chance at even a top-four pick. 

But Brooklyn (13-25) has dropped seven of eight, and the past four by a combined 77 points. Now the Nets have the sixth-best odds in the lottery, with a 37.2 percent chance of getting inside the top four and 9 percent chance of landing the top overall pick. 

“To be frank, you’ve still got to get a little lucky. We all know that,” Marks told The Post. “The hot-button topic has always been the draft. We all know we’ve still got to get lucky. At the end of the day, the Ping-Pong balls are going to drop a certain way.” 

The Nets came into the weekend a half-game ahead of the seventh-place Trail Blazers in the lottery standings, and three behind the fifth-place Jazz. 

4
The Nets have lost seven of their last eight games.
Ron Chenoy-Imagn Images

Brooklyn’s next two tilts? Sunday in Utah, and Tuesday in Portland. 

It’s obvious how important the games could be to those Ping-Pong balls. 

“They’re doing exactly what they should be doing,” a Western Conference scout told The Post. 

CHECK OUT THE LATEST NBA STANDINGS AND NETS STATS

In seventh, the Nets’ odds would fall to 32.0 percent for the top four and 7.5 percent for the top overall pick. Climb to fifth, and those improve to 48.1 percent and 12.5 percent. 

The Nets will face a Utah team playing on the second night of a back-to-back, having been at Phoenix on Saturday. But the Jazz have won two of their prior four and have three straight winnable games, one versus the Hornets (fourth in the lottery seedings) and two against the Pelicans (second in the seedings). 

Then Brooklyn heads to Portland to face a Blazers squad that had won four of eight before Saturday’s tilt against the Heat. 

4
Brooklyn faces the Jazz on Sunday and the Trailblazers on Tuesday.
Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images

This trip started with a loss in Denver, and after these next two games continues with the Clippers, Lakers and Thunder. It’s not only Brooklyn’s longest of the season, but just one shy of the longest in the entire NBA for 2024-25. 

“We’ve got to focus on just getting better,” Ben Simmons said. “We can’t really focus on all the games coming up. We’ve got focus day at a time and just getting better. We’ve got to keep improving, watch film and try to get better. It’s not going to happen overnight, but it’s something we’ve just got to be focused on.” 

Jordi Fernandez echoed those sentiments. 

4
The Nets traded away Dennis Schroder and Dorian Finney-Smith in December.
AP

“I don’t think we want to be thinking, ‘Oh, this is a long road trip.’ No … once [one game] is over, then we’ll think about the next team,” Fernandez said. “That’s the mentality we have. Keep getting better, getting healthier, working with the new groups we have now on the court. And that’s what I want to see, that competitiveness, development. That’s the things we’re working on.” 

For a rebuilding team, that means developing young players such as Noah Clowney, Keon Johnson and others. 

What do you think? Be the first to comment.

“We know it’s gonna be a long road trip,” Johnson said. “We’re all over the place. But just locking in one day at a time and taking it one game at a time is the best way we can go about it, because we’re limited, just with a few guys. But that’s besides the point. The opportunity’s there for a lot of guys, so just being able to take advantage of the moment, this in front of us right now.” 

FILED UNDER BEN SIMMONS  BROOKLYN NETS  JORDI FERNANDEZ  NBA DRAFT LOTTERY  SEAN MARKS  1/11/25
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Trump Finally Spills The Tea On His Viral Moment With Obama
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
The Best-Looking Datsun Pickup Trucks Ever Produced
Slashgear.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Fox News' Tomi Lahren Has Killer Legs & Isn't Shy About Them
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Inside The Rumors Behind Guilfoyle & Don Jr.'s Split
TheList.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2025/01/11/sports/nets-gm-sean-marks-has-sights-set-on-draft-during-west-coast-trip/ 
 ----- 
