  
THIS IS AN ARCHIVED TOPIC WHICH IS NOT REGULARLY UPDATED

George Dockrell revels in Irish joy: "Pretty special to be able to win"

NICK HOWSON: As Curtis Campher took centre stage, Dockrell played a relatively considered knock as the pair put on 119 in 57 balls to down Scotland in Hobart

Nick Howson | 19/10/2022 at 12:16

This one meant more. Watched on by family and well-wishers in Hobart, Ireland stormed to a victory that for so long looked unlikely and by the conclusion seemed unbelievable.

Indeed, the scenes at the close when the Irish celebrations and Scottish regrets began, were as memorable as anything that had gone before.

"I have a lot of family here at the moment," explained George Dockrell, who hit an unbeaten 39 in the chase. 

"My mum and dad were over, as well as my sister lives in Melbourne. So made the short trip across with her husband and kids. Lovely having them plus my girlfriend watch the game.

"Pretty tight-knit group, the Irish cricket community. So a lot of people are here. Pretty special to be able to win a game and have them all there."

Still being in the Super 12s shake-up is the headline take from this six-wicket win, but it is far from the only one. This was Ireland's highest-ever successful chase, individual score and partnership in T20 World Cup history.

Match-winner Curtis Campher (DAVID GRAY/AFP via Getty Images)

Head coach Heinrich Malan has only been in place since January and yet the impact has been almost immediate. Of their 41 highest T20I scores, 10 of them have come in 2022. There were signs of progress against India, New Zealand and South Africa before they beat Afghanistan.

"I think we're trying to play a certain way now across the summer," explained Dockrell.

"Since Heinrich's come on board, we're trying to take a little bit of that away from how we play, trying to play a similar way so despite the situation, whether there is pressure or outside these competitions, you're able to still do the same things.

He added: "Heinrich's been incredibly clear about what he wants from us as a group. His communication is excellent. The roles he's defined for everyone are very clear to us.

"And Gary Wilson, the batting coach as well, have most certainly been wanting us to take our options a little bit earlier.

"Again, it probably takes the pressure away from it that you know what your shots are and you go to them as soon as possible and make sure we keep throwing punches.

Campher and Dockrell ran Scotland ragged (DAVID GRAY/AFP via Getty Images)

"Some days that means you're all out from your hundred, but it means that you're always testing yourselves, and when you're chasing the game, you're always giving yourself a chance. We saw that when we played India in the summer and almost chased 220 total back home in Ireland.

"I think the clarity, the communication, and how well they define everyone's roles has really helped us, and I think we've learned a huge amount from them."

While Scotland's campaign is far from over, captain Richie Berrington has a job to do to pick up his players after defeat was snatched from the jaws of victory.

The required rate climbed to nearly 12 an over with eight overs remaining but the Scots were unable to put a clamp on the scoring rate, unable to prevent singles, twos or damaging boundaries.

Key moments came in the 13th and 17th overs from Mark Watt, which went for a combined 29 and included just three dots. It was a rough night too for Josh Davey (0 for 46) while Brad Wheal's final over went for 14.

Scotland lost control after four early wickets (DAVID GRAY/AFP via Getty Images)

"We've seen how effective our spinners can be, and we put a lot of trust in our guys to bowl in certain phases of the game," said Berrington. 

"Obviously you have to adapt to what's in front of you, but there's two guys out there. We've got a bowler, and there was another man at the other end as well.

"Of course, you've got to try and make those decisions. As I said, we'll certainly reflect on it and see if there are areas we can maybe do slightly differently."

He added: "There will certainly be a couple of areas that we'll look at to see where we didn't execute as well as we can. 

"But again I think you have to give credit to the way they played. They made it really hard for the guys to bowl at them. It's the way they changed the field."

Related Topics
Ireland keep hopes of Super 12s progress alive as Scotland are stunned

16
Shares
 Share
Comments
Your name
Your email

Your comment ....
Post Comment 
No comments received yet - Be the first!
LATEST NEWS
A Bazball reality check, county concerns and ECB failures - the best of George Dobell in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

The Big Three will return, Ireland's next superstar and the diary of a cricket writer - the best of our columnists in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

Northamptonshire link sparks Bedford hopes of producing next Emilio Gay

Schools | The Cricketer

STAY UP TO DATE
Sign up to our newsletter...
I confirm I would like to receive The Cricketer Newsletter which may include other news and promotions from The Cricketer
SIGN UP

Units 7-8, 35-37 High St, Barrow upon Soar, Loughborough, LE128PY

website@thecricketer.com

Welcome to www.thecricketer.com - the online home of the world’s oldest cricket magazine. Breaking news, interviews, opinion and cricket goodness from every corner of our beautiful sport, from village green to national arena.

About Us
Contact
Advertise
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecricketer.com/Topics/mens-t20-world-cup-2022/george_dockrell_revels_irish_joy.html 
 ----- 
