Skip to content
Home
News
Business
Sport
Sport
UK Sport
Viral Sport
More News
Voices
UK News
World News
Viral News
Entertainment
Motoring
Weather
Puzzles
Competitions
Subscribe
Property
Jobs
Motoring
Family Notices
Picture Sales
Read the eEdition
Sign-up to our newsletter
 Account Login
Search
Andy Balbirnie celebrates Ireland’s ‘pretty special’ achievement at World Cup
UK Sport | Published: 19 October 2022 | Last Updated: 19 October 2022 | By Sport

Ireland captain Andy Balbirnie celebrated a “pretty special” achievement from Curtis Campher and George Dockrell as they blasted their side to a thrilling victory over Scotland at the T20 World Cup.

A place in the Super 12 stage looked to be disappearing from Ireland’s grasp when Campher and Dockrell flipped the match on its head with a match-winning stand of 116 in just 57 deliveries.

Chasing down a stiff target of 177 looked to be off the table at the mid-point of the innings, with the top four back in the pavilion and just 65 on the board, but Campher seized the moment with seven fours and two sixes in a stunning knock of 72 not out.

“It was pretty special, I can’t remember as important a partnership as that,” said Balbirnie, whose side badly needed the points after kicking off their campaign with defeat by Zimbabwe.

“All year we’ve played pretty good cricket and games we’ve been out of, we’ve been throwing punches. To get over the line with a punch thrown is great. It was a special knock from Curtis and from George as well.

“I’m delighted and hope we can take that momentum into Friday (against the West Indies). We started the tournament pretty disappointingly, it got away from us in the first innings here and at the start of the second, so to drag it back was very important for us.”

All-rounder Campher, who famously took four wickets in four balls at the 2021 World Cup, was visibly emotional at the close and battled tears as he revealed he had received “bad news” from home.

He did not wish to elaborate on that but told fans watching back in Ireland: “Thanks for the support, hopefully we’ll put a smile on your face a bit longer.”

Scotland captain Richie Berrington, whose side began their time in Australia by upsetting the Windies, was staying positive after the setback.

“We know from last year these group situations are never straight forward, but we’ll learn from today, reflect on what we need to and come back strong in our final game,” he said.

“We certainly put Ireland under pressure early on but give credit to the boys who put the partnership on. It was an excellent knock from Curtis, credit to them.”

 
 
 
 
– Advertisement –
Trending Stories
Fraudster doctor jailed for 13 more months for blocking investigators
'Lucky no-one was hurt' after car crashes into wall on Pier Road
More delays at Jersey Airport after days of fog disruption
Blue Islands launches direct flights to Newcastle for 2025
Kismet Cabana owners submit plans for catering business after bidding 'heartfelt farewell' to beach café
– Advertisement –
UK News
UK News
A bereaved mother is not to be messed with, say women honoured for campaigning
31 December 2024
UK News
Head of MI5 knighted and artist becomes a dame among Scots in New Year Honours
31 December 2024
UK News
Infected blood campaigner hopes OBE shows ‘story is not over’
30 December 2024
UK News
Former school union chief made CBE says leadership was ‘like walking tightrope’
30 December 2024
More UK News
Read the latest free supplements

Read the Town Crier, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like mortgage advice, business, cycling, travel and property.

Read More
– Advertisement –
– Advertisement –

© 2025 Jersey Evening Post. All rights reserved.

Get involved
Send us your news
Subscriptions
Pride of Jersey
Help Lines
Useful links
Advertise with us
Our services and platforms
Making A Complaint
Bailiwick Express
Jersey Confidential
About the website
About Us
Contact us
Terms of website use
Privacy policy
Comment Policy

Powered by PageSuite

We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 868 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.jerseyeveningpost.com/uksport/2022/10/19/andy-balbirnie-celebrates-irelands-pretty-special-achievement-at-world-cup/ 
 ----- 
