English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: West Indies vs Zimbabwe MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: West Indies vs Zimbabwe MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More
West Indies would look to bounce back after a shocking defeat against Scotland.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 17 Oct 2022 12:28 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:

Time: 01:30 PM (IST)
Date: October 19, 2022
Venue: Bellerive Oval, Hobart

Preview:


Two-time world champions West Indies will be up against Zimbabwe in a must-win game on October 19 at Bellerive Oval in Hobart. After facing a shocking defeat against Scotland on October 17 (Monday), Nicholas Pooran-led side will give it all against Zimbabwe in order to qualify among Super-12 stage of the ICC tournament. Meanwhile, Zimbabwe, which features some quality batters and bowlers in the side, will fancy its chances in the upcoming faceoff.


Pitch Report:


  


Weather Report:


  


Team Analysis:


West Indies:


Nicholas Pooran-led side had a horrific outing against Scotland on October 17 as the side suffered a 42-run defeat. All-rounder Jason Holder (38 off 33) helped the side to cross the 100-run mark, otherwise, none of the batters looked comfortable against Scotland. 

Players like Kyle Mayers, Evin Lewis, Rovman Powell can feature in the fantasy team as they have the potential to do well. The skipper Nicholas Pooran can also be considered for valuable points on board. Jason Holden is an obvious pick for the fantasy squad. Alzarri Joseph and Akeal Hosein are two mandatory picks from the bowling department.


Zimbabwe:


Craig Ervine-led Zimbabwe is one of the most balanced sides in this round as it features talented cricketers in all the departments. Sikandar Raza was brilliant against Ireland as he scored 82-runs off just 48 deliveries. 

Raza should be a mandatory pick for the fantasy team. Although skipper Ervine didn't perform up to the reputation, he is a quality batter and must be part of the fantasy squad. 24-year-old Richard Ngarava was also instrumental in the last game and should be considered while forming a fantasy squad.


Probable XI:


Zimbabwe:


Regis Chakabva (wk), Craig Ervine (c), Wesley Madhevere, Sean Williams, Sikandar Raza, Milton Shumba, Ryan Burl, Luke Jongwe, Tendai Chatara, Richard Ngarava, Blessing Muzarabani


West Indies:


Kyle Mayers, Evin Lewis, Brandon King, Shamarh Brooks, Nicholas Pooran (c & wk), Rovman Powell, Jason Holder, Odean Smith, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Obed McCoy


Key players:


  


People's pick:

  



Grand League Fantasy Suggestion:
  
Head-to-head Fantasy Suggestion:

  
Best 14:


Wicketkeepers: Nicholas Pooran, Regis Chakabva
Batters: Craig Ervine, Evin Lewis, Milton Shumba, Rovman Powell,
Allrounders: Sikandar Raza, Jason Holder, Sean Williams, Wesley Madhevere
Bowlers: Richard Ngarava, Blessing Muzarabani, Alzarri Joseph, Akeal Hosein

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author's point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same. 


ZimbabweWest Indies
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

01 January 2025

Karnataka High Court issues stay order on arrest warrant against Robin Uthappa in PF fraud case

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-west-indies-vs-zimbabwe-myteam11-fantasy-tips-probable-xis-captain-and-vice-captain-and-more 
 ----- 
