TOI
T20 World Cup 2024
Schedule
Points Table
Teams
T20 World Cup Stats
Today's ePaper
Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates Highlights, ICC T20 World Cup 2022: Sri Lanka beat UAE by 79 runs
NEWS
SPORTS NEWS
CRICKET NEWS
SRI LANKA VS UNITED ARAB EMIRATES HIGHLIGHTS, ICC T20 WORLD CUP 2022: SRI LANKA BEAT UAE BY 79 RUNS
THE TIMES OF INDIA | Oct 18, 2022, 17:26:40 IST
SHARE
FOLLOW US
Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates Highlights, ICC T20 World Cup 2022: Sri Lanka beat UAE by 79 runs
Get live cricket score updates of T20 World Cup match between Sri Lanka and United Arab Emirates. Check live scorecard, ball by ball commentary, cricket score online on Times of India.
COMMENTARY
SCORECARD
17:26 (IST) Oct 18

Right then. That's it from the coverage of this game. The T20 World Cup action continues on Wednesday, 19 October 2022. Another double-header coming your way with Scotland taking on Ireland at 9.30 am IST (4 am GMT). Followed by a game between West Indies and Zimbabwe which will be played at 1.30 pm IST (8 am GMT). But as you all know you can join us early for the build-up. Until then, take care and goodbye!

17:23 (IST) Oct 18

Dasun Shanaka, the victorious skipper is in for a chat. He says that the crowd follows them and he is thankful to them for their support. Mentions that he is really disappointed with the way they ended the innings as they could have easily got to 180 or 190. Adds that he and Bhanuka Rajapaksa didn’t click in the middle overs and that cost them a few runs. Claims that coming into this game it was important to get the win and they didn’t worry about net run rate. Adds that they were able to put up a good score on the board and Dushmantha Chameera and Wanindu Hasaranga did well to restrict the opponents. Credits Pathum Nissanka for an outstanding innings and adds that he has always had the talent and they are proud of him. Ends by saying that hopefully everything will be fine with Dushmantha Chameera.

17:21 (IST) Oct 18

Chundangapoyil Rizwan, the skipper of United Arab Emirates says that they restricted the opponents to a decent total. Admits that they could have bowled better in the first half of the game but they did well to get back in match. Credits Karthik Meiyappan for bowling beautifully and adds that getting a Hat-trick in the World Cup is exceptional. Mentions that they usually play in hotter conditions but need to adapt to the different climates. Ends by saying that the batters could not get going as the Sri Lankan fast bowlers bowled well with the new ball and they need to work on their skill sets to do better.

17:18 (IST) Oct 18

Pathum Nissanka wins the Man of the Match award for his incredible knock of 74 runs. He says along with Kusal Mendis he was able to build a good opening partnership. Adds that all the other batters helped him build his innings. Claims that he is happy to play a game like this in the World Cup and thanks the crowd for their support.

17:18 (IST) Oct 18

Stay tuned for the presentation...

17:17 (IST) Oct 18

Earlier in the innings, Sri Lanka seemed to be on track to score around 180, although they could not keep the ante up and only posted 152 on the board. It was the brilliant effort of the UAE bowlers that helped them to pull things back. It was majorly because of Karthik Meiyappan who turned the game on its head with his Hat-Trick. Later though UAE could not turn on the heat with the blade and got bundled out for 73 runs.

17:14 (IST) Oct 18

Sri Lanka ripped the hearts of the UAE outfit. The bowlers never allowed the batters to have a breather at the crease. It was Dushmantha Chameera who opened the floodgates and boy, he was enjoying his time back from injury. Although, to break the hearts of Sri Lankan fans he was unable to complete his spell of 4 overs, as he went off the ground after picking up a niggle in his run-up. Hopefully, he should be back soon and it does not affect Sri Lanka's journey. Dushmantha Chameera was the star with 3 wickets. Wanindu Hasaranga and Maheesh Theekshana also did the trick with the ball and combined for 5 wickets. 

17:08 (IST) Oct 18

United Arab Emirates could not turn up with the blade tonight. It looked like they will put up a solid fight with the way Chirag Suri started the innings, although things went bad very soon as they lost 4 wickets inside the Powerplay. Later, on only Aayan Khan played a gritty knock and Junaid Siddique entertained the crowd with his aggressive approach. Apart from them, no other batter could live up to the task.

17:01 (IST) Oct 18

Sri Lanka record their first win of the campaign in front of the buoyant Sri Lankan fans. United Arab Emirates tried their very best with the ball but the early collapse with the bat took the game away from them. Although there are a lot of sweet memories that UAE will take from this game.

16:57 (IST) Oct 18
W
Overs
17.1
Score
73 - 10

Maheesh Theekshana to Junaid Siddique, OUT! CAUGHT! Maheesh Theekshana wraps up the game for Sri Lanka and celebrates the wicket in style with a bow and arrow celebration! This is bowled in line with the stumps on a fuller length, Junaid Siddique gets his front foot to the leg side and heaves the ball toward the leg side. He slices this to long on where Pathum Nissanka takes an easy catch and it fitting that he ends the game after his outstanding knock in the first inning. Sri Lanka have won by 79 runs and this has been a walk in the park for them. 

16:56 (IST) Oct 18
1
Overs
16.6
Score
73 - 9

Dasun Shanaka to Junaid Siddique, This is a fraction fuller and outside the off pole, Junaid Siddique pushes at the ball and gets an inside edge towards short fine leg for a single. 

16:56 (IST) Oct 18
1WD
Overs
16.6
Score
72 - 9

Dasun Shanaka to Junaid Siddique, WIDE! Dasun Shanaka bowls a slower bouncer just outside off, Junaid Siddique is deceived by the pace but the umpire calls this wide for height. 

16:55 (IST) Oct 18

OH NO! A huge blow for Sri Lanka. Their big man Dushmantha Chameera is struggling at the moment with an injury. He pulls out of his run-up and makes his way out of the field. The physio will surely have a closer look on the injury. Hopefully, it is nothing major.

16:53 (IST) Oct 18
0
Overs
16.5
Score
71 - 9

Dushmantha Chameera to Junaid Siddique, Goes back to bowling on a good length and in line with the stumps Junaid Siddique looks to block this but gets an outside edge towards point. 

Don't missanything!

Subscribe to our newsletter and get all the stories that matter delivered to your inbox

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy
16:53 (IST) Oct 18
0
Overs
16.4
Score
71 - 9

Dushmantha Chameera to Junaid Siddique, Bowls this back of a length and outside off, Junaid Siddique slashes at the ball but does not connect as the ball goes through to the keeper. 

16:52 (IST) Oct 18
0
Overs
16.3
Score
71 - 9

Dushmantha Chameera to Junaid Siddique, This is on a good length and straight, Junaid Siddique looks to swing across the line but misses this time as the ball goes just over the stumps. 

16:51 (IST) Oct 18
6
Overs
16.2
Score
71 - 9

Dushmantha Chameera to Junaid Siddique, SIX! Junaid Siddique is not hanging around here! The ball has been dispatched out of the stadium for the longest six in the tournament so far! Dushmantha Chameera bowls this full on the pads, Junaid Siddique gets his front foot out of the way and plunders this over the deep square leg for a 109 meters biggie! 

16:50 (IST) Oct 18
2
Overs
16.1
Score
65 - 9

Dushmantha Chameera to Junaid Siddique, Dushmantha Chameera begins the over with a really full delivery in line with the stumps, Junaid Siddique digs this out past the mid off fielder and they take two runs as the fielder at long on cuts off the ball. 

16:48 (IST) Oct 18
1
Overs
15.6
Score
63 - 9

Maheesh Theekshana to Junaid Siddique, Bowls this one full and outside the off pole, Junaid Siddique drives this to deep cover for a single to retain strike. 

16:48 (IST) Oct 18
0
Overs
15.5
Score
62 - 9

Maheesh Theekshana to Junaid Siddique, This is on a shorter length as well and outside off, Junaid Siddique gets beaten on the outside edge as he pushes at the ball. 

228 More Updates
SEE MORE UPDATES
TRENDING
Virat Kohli
MS Dhoni
David Warner
Sam Konstas
Jasprit Bumrah
Highest Innings Total
Vinod Kambli
Magnus Carlsen
WTC Qualification
Viswanathan Anand
Virat Kohli
MS Dhoni
David Warner
Sam Konstas
Jasprit Bumrah
Highest Innings Total
Vinod Kambli
Magnus Carlsen
WTC Qualification
Viswanathan Anand
Virat Kohli
MS Dhoni
David Warner
Sam Konstas
Jasprit Bumrah
Highest Innings Total
Vinod Kambli
Magnus Carlsen
WTC Qualification
Viswanathan Anand
Tired of too many ads?
GO AD FREE NOW
MATCH STATISTICS
HEAD TO HEAD IN T20I
Total Matches 1
1
0
VENUE
Kardinia Park, Geelong
SL PLAYING XI

Pathum Nissanka

Kusal Mendis (W)

Dhananjaya de Silva

SEE ALL
UAE PLAYING XI

Muhammad Waseem

Chirag Suri

Aryan Lakra

SEE ALL
TOP STORIES RIGHT NOW
Travis Hunter’s viral video from Alamo Bowl sparks outrage as he ignores a young...
Patrick Mahomes' third child’s name might follow a unique family tradition as Ne...
Travis Head opens up about his 'controversial' celebration after Rishabh Pant di...
MORE TOP STORIES
QUICK LINKS
ICC CAMPIONS TROPHY SCHEDULELIVE SCORENFL NEWSCRICKET NEWS
Explore Every Corner
Across The Globe
Unitedhealthcare ex employee
Travis Kelce
Happy New Year 2024 Quotes
ICC Champions Trophy 2025 Schedule
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
New Year Messages
New Year 2025 Messages
Bank Holidays 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Quotes
New Year Greetings
Vivek Ramaswamy
Giannis Antetokounmpo
Rishabh Pant
H-1B Row
Pushpa 2 Box Office Collection
Milwaukee Bucks vs Indiana Pacers
Highest Run Scorers in Test
The Undertaker
Christian Mccaffrey
H1B Visa Row
Jared Pobre
Puerto Rico Power Outage
New Year's Eve
ISRO Satellite Launch
NEET UG 2025
Highest Wicket Takers in Test
Gautam Adani
Neem Karoli Baba Motivational Quotes
South Korea flight crash
About us
Create Your Own Ad
Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
RSS
ePaper
Sitemap
Archives
FOLLOW US ON
OTHER TIMES GROUP NEWS SITES
The Economic Times
Hindi Economic Times
Navbharat Times
Maharashtra Times
Vijaya Karnataka
Telugu Samayam
Tamil Samayam
Malayalam Samayam
I am Gujarat
TimesPoints
Indiatimes
Brand Capital
Education Times
Times Food
Mumbai Mirror
Bangalore Mirror
Hindi Podcast
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Headlines
Sports News
Business News
India News
World News
Bollywood News
Health+ Tips
Indian TV Shows
Celebrity Photos
Technology News
HOT ON THE WEB
Happy New Year Wishes
New Year Greetings
Happy New Year 2025 Quotes
Pushpa 2 Box Office Collection
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
Anushka Sharma
Bigg Boss 18 Contestants List
Vitamin D Deficiency
Optical illusion
Keerthy Suresh
TOP TRENDS
Elon Musk
Jasprit Bumrah
ISRO Launch
Viswanathan Anand
Glenn Mcgrath
Patrick Mahomes
US Colleges
Travis Hunter
Taylor Swift Eras Tour
Rohit Sharma
Bank holidays in January
Kevin Pietersen
Manali Heavy Snowfall
NEET UG Official Website
Shri Thanedar
Eva Marie Divorce
Andhra Pradesh Tourist Murder
Live Cricket Score
TRENDING TOPICS
Yearly Horoscope 2025
New Year Wishes
New Year Messages
Happy New Year Wishes
Numerology Horoscope 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
Baby John Box Office Collection
Pink Colour Animal
New Year 2025 Messages
Red Colour Animal
New Year Funny Memes
Jim Corbet National Park
Long Weekends 2025
New Year Card Idea
Krishna KR Death News
NYT Connections
Irctc Down
Suchir Balaji
LIVING AND ENTERTAINMENT
ETimes
Travel Destinations
Cricbuzz.com
TV
Lifestyle
Newspaper Subscription
Food News
Times Prime
Whats Hot
SERVICES
CouponDunia
TechGig
TimesJobs
Bollywood News
Times Mobile
Gadgets
Work with Us
Colombia
LATEST NEWS
30+ Happy New Year 2025 wishes, messages, and quotes to share with your loved ones
Alumnus pledges Rs 8.6 crore to set up water research centre at IIEST
Diljit Dosanjh rings in New Year’s Eve with the grand finale of ‘Dil-Luminati in Ludhiana; expresses his happiness and challenges in heartfelt words: ‘I lot of people annoyed me, but…’
'HIT: The 3rd Case' makers share new poster of Nani with a fierce look on New Year
Watch: Spectacular fireworks light up sky across the globe on New Year
From ‘Thudarum’ to ‘Identity’: Why January 2025 will be a treat for movie lovers
Wordle today: Clues and hints for January 01 2025
Brooke Shields shows off washboard abs in vacation picture with daughters
'Openly distributing money': Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, asks whether it supports BJP
A peanut butter tribute to Carter from an Unnao startup
Love across borders: Indian man arrested in Pakistan for romantic escapade
Tamannaah Bhatia celebrates virtual New Year with her loved ones
Mouni Roy falls on pavement while celebrating New Year with hubby Suraj Nambiar and BFF Disha Patani - WATCH
Suchir Balaji's mother says his death not suicide; Elon Musk 'replies'; says 'it doesn't....'
'We need smart people in our country': Trump says he hasn't changed his mind on H1B visas
My New Year resolution is to let life take it's own course: Samyuktha Viswanathan
JSW MG Motor India sales up 55% in December at 7,516 units
Delhi police crackdown on illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and issuing fake Aadhar card racket
Copyright © 2024 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
We care about your privacy
We and our 750 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Show Purposes link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/icc-mens-t20-world-cup/sri-lanka-vs-united-arab-emirates-t20-world-cup-live-cricket-score-updates/liveblog/94914161.cms 
 ----- 
