English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024: India vs Canada MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

T20 World Cup 2024: India vs Canada MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Key Players, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
India are in top spot in the Group A standings in the T20 World Cup 2024, while Canada are in fourth place.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 14 Jun 2024 05:53 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: June 15, 2024

Time: 8:00 PM IST

Venue: Central Broward Regional Park Stadium, Lauderhill

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview

In the Group A match of the T20 World Cup 2024, India will take on Canada at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium in Lauderhill. With three straight wins in the group, the Indian cricket team have qualified through to the Super 8 stage of the tournament. Meanwhile, Canada are still in the hunt to make the next round of the T20 World Cup 2024, but they need to defeat the former world champions in their last group stage match and hope for the other results to go their way.

Weather Report




Pitch Report




Analysis

The Indian batting lineup found it tough in the tricky conditions at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York, but they had a few batters standing up for them, including the captain Rohit Sharma, Rishabh Pant, Suryakumar Yadav, and Shivam Dube. The fast bowlers for India were exceptional with the ball with the likes of Arshdeep Singh, Hardik Pandya, Jasprit Bumrah, and Mohammed Siraj sharing the bulk of the wickets amongst themselves.

On the other side, the Canadian batting lineup hasn’t been quite at their best except for Aaron Johnson, Nicholas Kirton, and Shreyas Movva, which is why they find themselves in a difficult spot in the T20 World Cup 2024. Dillon Heyliger and Jeremy Gordon have been the pick of the bowlers for Canada, but they need the experienced bowlers including the captain Saad Bin Zafar and Kaleen Sana to deliver improved performances with the ball in the final group stage match of the tournament.

Key Players




Author’s Picks




Probable XIs

India: Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Rishabh Pant (wk), Suryakumar Yadav, Shivam Dube, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj

Canada: Aaron Johnson, Navneet Dhaliwal, Pargat Singh, Nicholas Kirton, Shreyas Movva (wk), Ravinderpal Singh, Saad Bin Zafar (c), Kaleem Sana, Dillon Heyliger, Junaid Siddiqui, Jeremy Gordon

Fantasy Teams




Best 14

Wicket-Keepers: Rishabh Pant, Shreyas Movva

Batters: Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Aaron Johnson, Navneet Dhaliwal, Nicholas Kirton

All-Rounders: Hardik Pandya, Saad Bin Zafar

Bowlers: Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah, Dillon Heyliger, Jeremy Gordon

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Jasprit Bumrah to be rested for England ODIs ahead of Champions Trophy: Reports

31 December 2024

Gambhir and Agarkar, guys you are on the spot: Aakash Chopra on Rohit Sharma’s future ahead of 5th BGT Test

31 December 2024

He is not ready..: Magnus Carlsen hits out at Viswanathan Anand in FIDE Vice-President job

31 December 2024

Play of the Day: Abhishek Sharma smashes fiery century as Punjab post 5th highest total in Vijay Hazare Trophy

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-ind-vs-can-dream11-fantasy-tips-india-vs-canada-fantasy-team-head-to-head-captain-probable-xi-and-more 
 ----- 
