Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
Messi scores twice in return to Argentina lineup in 4-1 win over Guatemala
1 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi lunges for the ball next to Guatemala midfielder Marco Dominguez during the first half of an international friendly soccer match, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

2 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi watches during the first half of the team’s international friendly soccer match against Guatemala, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

3 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi (10) falls down next to Guatemala defender Nicolas Samayoa (3) during the first half of an international friendly soccer match, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

4 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi (10) dribbles the ball between Guatemala midfielder Marco Dominguez (5) and defender Jonathan Franco (22) during the first half of an international friendly soccer match Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

5 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi, left, works the ball against Guatemala goalkeeper Nicholas Hagen (1) during the first half of an international friendly soccer match, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

6 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez celebrates his goal against Guatemala during the first half of an international friendly soccer match Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

7 of 10 |  

Argentina midfielder Nicolas Gonzalez (15) controls the ball in front of Guatemala defender Jose Morales (16) during the first half of an international friendly soccer match, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

8 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi (10) controls the ball during the second half of the team’s international friendly soccer match against Guatemala, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

9 of 10 |  

Argentina forward Lionel Messi controls the ball during the second half of the team’s international friendly soccer match against Guatemala, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

10 of 10 |  

Guatemala forward Rubio Rubin (9) watches the ball during the second half of the team’s international friendly soccer match against Argentina, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

BY  IAN NICHOLAS QUILLEN
Updated 3:28 AM UTC, June 15, 2024
Share

LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — Lionel Messi scored twice and assisted on another goal in his first international start since November and Argentina outclassed Guatemala 4-1 on Friday night to complete its 2024 Copa America preparations.

Messi went the full 90 minutes for manager Lionel Scaloni after playing 35 off the bench in a 1-0 win over fellow Copa America contenders Ecuador on Sunday in Chicago.

He previously missed a pair of international friendlies in March with a hamstring issue that has also contributed to his half-dozen absences for Inter Miami in MLS play.

But his sharp performance Friday — in which he also struck the woodwork with a free kick and contributed to a sequence leading to a penalty kick goal — should ease Argentine concerns ahead of next Thursday’s group play opener against Canada in Atlanta.

Going the distance also gave Messi reps with 15 Argentina field players during the match.

“That was basically the idea, maybe to look for something different, a chance to improve,” Scaloni said through an interpreter. “Angel Di Maria came in and he played more on the inside because the way the game was shaping up it gave us the opportunity to try new things.”

RELATED STORIES
Messi's son debuts at Argentina youth tournament as grandparents watch
Messi, Vinicius have frustrating nights as Argentina loses and Brazil draws in World Cup qualifying
Lionel Messi's former teammate Javier Mascherano close to becoming Inter Miami coach, AP source says

Lautaro Martinez also scored twice for the defending Copa America and World Cup champions against a Guatemala side that’s 108th in FIFA’s world rankings. That included Argentina’s goal from the penalty spot, a role Messi typically assumes during tournament play.

“Leo Messi decided,” Scaloni said. “I don’t know exactly what happened on the field, if he was asked or he decided to give it to him. This shows how kind Leo Messi can be.”

Guatemala took a surprise lead in the fourth minute when Argentina goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez redirected a chance resulting from a free kick only as far as defender Lisandro Martinez, who inadvertently bundled the ball across the goal line.

The lead lasted only eight minutes before Messi tied it when Guatemala goalkeeper Nicholas Hagen’s errant pass found the eight-time Ballon d’Or winner directly in front of an open goal about 12 yards out.

In the 38th minute, Messi’s feed sprung Valentin Carboni into the right side of the penalty area, forcing Guatemala defender Nicolas Samayoa to haul down the winger with a sliding challenge that resulted in Lautaro Martinez’s penalty shot.

Martinez scored his second in the 66th minute after Enzo Fernandez’s ball over the top found Messi, who provided a perfect, one-time service back across goal.

Messi finished the scoring in the 77th, chipping Hagen after playing a give-and-go with Di Maria.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
Nets rally late for 111-105 victo ry over Bucks, who played again without Antetokounmpo and Lillard
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake...
A Massachusetts couple and their two daughters were identified by authorities...
AP News
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you ca...
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
I Gave My Wife an Eter nal Rose
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Gilgeous-Alexander ties career high with 45 points as Thunder...
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander tied his career high with 45 points to lead the Oklahoma...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Chinese workers found in 'slaver y-like conditions' in Brazil take...
Dozens of Chinese workers have been taken and put up in hotels in Brazil’s...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Effective Non-surgical Body Contouring At Clinics In North Char...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
Why These Ski Goggles Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals:Advertisement
Read More
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Search Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/argentina-guatemala-score-messi-d830c21ed851e30f6e5e8dce40573fa9 
 ----- 
