Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  American League  /  AL East  /  New York Yankees
Yankees Win ALCS over Guardians
By Nate Miller
Photo by Nick Cammett/Getty Images
Categories Cleveland Guardians General Baseball New York Yankees
October 19, 2024
Yankees 5, Guardians 2 (10 innings)

The New York Yankees are heading to the World Series with a 5–2 win over the Cleveland Guardians. To set the scene, it was Game Five of the American League Championship series at Progressive Field in Cleveland. Yankees outfielder Juan Soto blasted a three-run shot in the 10th inning, silencing the crowd. Winning the series, four games to one, the Yankees have punched their ticket to their 41st Fall Classic, seeking their 28th series victory.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications

Their opponent is still to be determined. It all depends on who wins the NLCS between the New York Mets and the Los Angeles Dodgers. The Dodgers have a 3–2 series lead heading into Game Six, which will take place on Sunday evening. First pitch will be at 5:08 pm Pacific at Dodger Stadium.  The Mets will send lefty Sean Manaea (2–0, 2.65 ERA) to the mound in Game Six, while the Dodgers have yet to announce their starting pitcher.

Tight Ballgame

The Guardians scored in the bottom of the second off Yankees starter Carlos Rodon. After Lane Thomas struck out swinging to open the frame, Josh Naylor singled on a soft grounder that was out of the reach of Jazz Chisholm Jr. at third. Rodon collected another swinging strikeout, this one at the hands of Jhonkensy Noel, bringing up Josh’s brother Bo Naylor. The Guardians took a 1–0 lead when one Naylor drove in the other with a sharp double to right.

The Guardians scored their final run of their season in the bottom of the fifth. Andres Gimenez reached on a double to left, bringing up Brayan Rocchio, who struck out swinging. On deck was Steven Kwan, who plated Gimenez with a single to center.

The Yankees tied it 2–2 in the top of the sixth against Guardians starter Tanner Bibee. Gleyber Torres led off with a single to left. Soto followed with a single up the middle, advancing Torres to second. Aaron Judge grounded into a 6–4–3 double play, moving Torres to third, and Soto was thrown out at second on the play. That brought up Giancarlo Stanton, who tied the game with a two-run home run to left.

Extra Innings in October

The game remained tied at two runs apiece until the 10th inning. With reliever Hunter Gaddis on the mound for the Guardians, Anthony Volpe lined to short, bringing up Austin Wells, who drew a free pass. Alex Verdugo reached on a fielder’s choice. Wells reached second on a botched catch by Rocchio at short, and Jasson Dominguez was brought in as a pinch-runner for Wells at second. Torres struck out swinging with Soto looming in the on-deck circle. Soto sent one deep to center, giving the Yankees a 5–2 lead, and eventually the win and celebration on the field.

What Went Right for the Yankees

The Yankees found themselves in an early hole, but they were able to dig their way out in the sixth. Stanton’s game-tying homer in that inning proved to be a key moment in this game, second only to Soto’s blast in the 10th.

What Went Wrong for the Yankees

The brothers Naylor proved to be a bit of a problem for the Yankees on Saturday. Bo brought in Josh with his double to right in the second. The Yankees also coughed up Kwan’s RBI single in the fifth.

No-Decision for Rodon.

Yankees starter Carlos Rodon did not factor in the decision after tossing 4 2/3 innings and allowing two earned runs on five hits with one walk and six strikeouts. His 22 total strikeouts across his first three postseason games for the Yankees tie him with David Cone (1995-96) and Red Ruffing (1932-36) for the second-most in franchise history. Only Gerrit Cole had more in his first three postseason games for the club. Rodon walked Rocchio to lead off the third, which was his first walk allowed in the 2024 postseason. He had not issued a base on balls across his first 11 2/3 frames to begin the 2024 playoffs and tallied 20 strikeouts in that span.

Yankees reliever Luke Weaver earned his first career postseason win after pitching two scoreless innings to finish the game, allowing one baserunner. Weaver also had one strikeout. He appeared in four of the five games in the American League Championship Series.

Bibee’s Evening

Guardians starter Tanner Bibee also took a no-decision after tossing 5 2/3 innings and allowing two earned runs on six hits with no walks and five strikeouts. His 5 2/3 innings on Saturday mark the longest start for any Guardians pitcher in the 2024 postseason. Bibee hit two Yankees with pitches in the top of the first.

This was the first game of his career, regular-season or postseason, in which he hit multiple batters. Saturday was the third time in Cleveland postseason history that a pitcher has hit multiple batters in an inning.

After surrendering Soto’s home run, Gaddis was saddled with the loss, bringing his postseason record to 1–1 with an ERA of 4.91.

Postgame Comments

After the game, Yankees manager Aaron Boone expressed his gratitude toward his players, and for the chance to take this team to the World Series. “There are a lot of emotions,” he said. “Just really proud of this group, proud of this organization. To get to do it with these guys every single day and what they have is very special. Just going to look forward to in the next couple days see who we play. I keep saying we get to go play for a World Championship now. That’s pretty sweet.”

 

More Cleveland Guardians Articles
Article navigation
← Yankees Win ALCS over Guardians
More General Baseball Articles
Article navigation
← Alex Cobb, Tigers Agree to One-Year Deal
More New York Yankees Articles
Article navigation
← Judge, Ohtani Both Deserved to Be 2024 MVP
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Dodgers Rout Mets in Game Four of NLCS
Dodgers Slam Mets, Advance to World Series →
 

 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Categories Cleveland Guardians General Baseball New York Yankees
Tags 2024 ALCS 2024 Cleveland Guardians 2024 New York Yankees Carlos Rodón Giancarlo Stanton Juan Soto Tanner Bibee
Share "Yankees Win ALCS over Guardians" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More New York Yankees News
Dodgers Capitalize on Fielding Mishaps, Win World
New York Yankees
Yankees Beat Dodgers in Game Four of World Series
New York Yankees
Max Fried, Yankees Agree to Eight-Year Contract
New York Yankees
Judge, Ohtani Both Deserved to Be 2024 MVP
New York Yankees
Dodgers Capitalize on Fielding Mishaps, Win World
New York Yankees
Yankees Beat Dodgers in Game Four of World Series
New York Yankees
Max Fried, Yankees Agree to Eight-Year Contract
New York Yankees
Judge, Ohtani Both Deserved to Be 2024 MVP
New York Yankees
Nate Miller

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Rohit Ancha on Orioles Get Back on Track Against Rangers
Breaking News
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
Reliever Roundup and Bullpen Bonanza, Episode 14 — 2024 Relievers and Bullpens of the Year Awards
Diamondbacks Reportedly Sign Starting Pitcher Corbin Burnes
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2024/10/19/yankees-guardians-alcs-20241019/ 
 ----- 
