Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Cleveland Guardians, New York Yankees ALCS Game 5 starting lineups for Oct. 19, 2024
Updated: Oct. 19, 2024, 5:36 p.m.|Published: Oct. 19, 2024, 4:23 p.m.

The Guardians look to stave off elimination by sending Tanner Bibee to the mound against Carlos Rodon and the Yankees in Game 5 of the American League Championship Series at Progressive Field.Icon Sportswire via Getty Images

By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio — The Guardians look to stave off elimination by sending Tanner Bibee to the mound against Carlos Rodon and the Yankees in Game 5 of the American League Championship Series at Progressive Field.

Here are the starting lineups for Saturday’s game between the Guardians and New York.

Where: Progressive Field, 8:08 p.m. ET.

TV/radio: TBS, truTV, Max, WTAM 1100 AM, WMMS 100.7 FM, WARF 1350 AM (Spanish) and the Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

Teams: Guardians (4-5) vs. Yankees (6-2).

Starting pitchers: RHP Tanner Bibee (0-1, 3.60) vs. LHP Carlos Rodon (1-1, 4.66).

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians set to exchange salary figures with Steven Kwan, Lane Thomas on Thursday
5 Guardians 2025 season predictions, from Lane Thomas’ RBI total to Jose Ramirez’s homers: Paul Hoynes
5 Guardians 2025 season predictions, from Juan Brito’s roster spot to Bo Naylor’s home runs: Joe Noga

Who are The 40 Most Influential People in Cleveland Sports when it comes to fan happiness? See our list and how we ranked them.

GUARDIANS

LF Steven Kwan.

DH David Fry.

3B José Ramírez.

CF Lane Thomas.

1B Josh Naylor.

RF Jhonkensy Noel.

C Bo Naylor.

2B Andrés Giménez.

SS Brayan Rocchio.

Brayan Rocchio, Cleveland Guardians.Icon Sportswire via Getty Images

YANKEES

2B Gleyber Torres.

RF Juan Soto.

CF Aaron Judge.

DH Giancarlo Stanton.

3B Jazz Chisholm Jr.

1B Anthony Rizzo.

SS Anthony Volpe.

C Austin Wells.

LF Alex Verdugo.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/10/cleveland-guardians-new-york-yankees-alcs-game-5-starting-lineups-for-oct-19-2024.html 
 ----- 
