Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Play Daily Draw!
Key takeaways from Cavs-Thunder
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Yankees vs. Guardians: New York's bats roll, Cleveland's bullpen falters as Yankees go up 3-1 in ALCS
The Yankees' offense is starting to click from top to bottom, while Guardians super-relievers Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase are showing October fatigue
Jordan Shusterman
Senior writer
Sat, Oct 19, 2024·8 min read
47

CLEVELAND — The sixth inning arrived in Game 4 of the ALCS between the Yankees and the Guardians, and it was once again rookie right-hander Cade Smith’s turn to pitch for Cleveland.

For the third time in three games, Smith was summoned by manager Stephen Vogt to handle the monster middle of New York’s batting order: Juan Soto, Aaron Judge and Giancarlo Stanton. It’s a tall task on paper for any reliever, but Smith’s sensational debut campaign as Cleveland’s breakout bullpen ace had instilled ample confidence that the hard-throwing 25-year-old would be up for the challenge, if even on multiple occasions.

“He's the best strikeout reliever we have, and in that situation, I trust Cade to make pitches there,” manager Stephen Vogt said afterward. “He's been doing it all year.”

In Game 2 in the Bronx, Smith entered in the second inning to face Judge with the bases loaded after Vogt intentionally walked Soto with first base open and one out. Smith held Judge to a sac fly before striking out Austin Wells to end the frame and coaxing a groundout from Stanton in the following inning.

In Game 3 on Thursday — a couple of innings before the unforgettable roller-coaster ride began in earnest — Smith entered with a one-run lead in the sixth and retired Soto, Judge and Stanton on 10 pitches, including a strikeout of Judge with a gnarly splitter.

On Friday in Game 4, which the Yankees eventually won 8-6, a similar assignment arose: Soto was again leading off the sixth, followed by Judge, new cleanup hitter Jazz Chisholm Jr. and Stanton if a baserunner were to reach. This time, Cleveland trailed by a run, with Smith entering in hopes of preventing New York’s best bats from extending their lead.

That’s not what happened. Soto drew a five-pitch walk to lead off the frame. Judge followed with a quick single to left. Chisholm bunted them to second and third on a sacrifice. All of which set up Stanton and his team-leading OPS coming to the plate with one out and two in scoring position.

Smith offered four straight fastballs — all four-seamers that usually average 96 mph but were maxing out at 94 on this night — and on a 1-2 count, Stanton drilled a no-doubter to left-center field, making it 6-2 Yankees.

With each passing game and each additional trot from the bullpen to dive headfirst into the pressure cooker that is baseball’s postseason, relievers begin to wear down. At the same time, hitters — with each additional look at arms against whom they rarely get multiple at-bats during the regular season — start to build confidence and comfort. That dynamic is exaggerated when the hitters involved are already some of the best in the league under any circumstances, as is the case for the Yankees’ top bats.

Soto, Judge and Stanton are simply too talented, too meticulous in their craft, too brilliant in their execution to get repeatedly fooled or overwhelmed by the same pitcher. That was on full display Friday, as Smith suffered the consequences of overuse and overexposure against baseball’s very best.

“That is what the Yankees do really well,” Vogt said afterward. “They take a really good approach against your pitchers, and then they get pitches over the middle. They don't miss them, and they really capitalized.”

Smith’s rare meltdown — just the second time this season that he allowed three earned runs in an outing — did not sink the Guardians, however. As it has time and time again, Cleveland clawed back into the game. It wasn’t especially pretty, but the scoreboard continued to evolve in the Guardians’ favor. Seventh-inning doubles from José Ramírez and Josh Naylor off Clay Holmes — speaking of tired relievers — closed the gap to just one run.

The eighth inning featured a far goofier run-scoring effort. With Bo Naylor on third, David Fry mishit a soft bouncer back toward pitcher Mark Leiter Jr., who attempted to scoop the ball up and toss it to first baseman Anthony Rizzo for the out but instead fumbled it past Rizzo’s waiting glove and through his legs, allowing Naylor to score the tying run.

As far as style points go, it was the polar opposite of Jhonkensy Noel’s majestic, game-tying blast from the previous night, yet it counted all the same: The Guardians had evened the score and given themselves a chance to steal another stunning victory.

"It would have been real easy when Cade gives up the three-run homer for us to just fold and go away, but that is not what this group does," Vogt said. "... We got a chance to swing the bat and win the game. That's who this team is."

TIE BALLGAME

MORE MAGIC IN CLEVELAND pic.twitter.com/8TlyTZPtTF

— MLB (@MLB) October 19, 2024

But a potential victory would first require an attempt at redemption for closer Emmanuel Clase.

Unlike Smith, who had been terrific at every turn until Friday’s misstep, Clase was in the midst of mind-bending October funk when he entered Game 4. He was one night removed from surrendering back-to-back homers to Judge and Stanton that gave the Yankees a then-shocking lead, which Clase’s resilient teammates eventually recaptured. Those consecutive crushing blows in high leverage, in tandem with his faulty form last round against Detroit, have made Clase’s spectacular regular season — one of the best campaigns ever completed by a relief pitcher — feel like a distant memory.

Game 4, though, appeared to be a favorable situation for Clase to regain some confidence. He was entering not in the middle of an inning with a runner already on base — something he’s been subjected to multiple times this month after not doing so once in the regular season — but to begin the ninth with a clean slate. With Cleveland having seized some momentum with the chaotic sequence to tie the game, it was on Clase to keep the scoreboard in check against the bottom of New York’s lineup.

Yet it didn’t take long for the Yankees to produce some traffic. Anthony Rizzo and Anthony Volpe each smacked a single on the second cutter they saw, and the Yankees were immediately in business. Mustering consecutive baserunners against Clase in July or August was a gargantuan challenge for opponents. In October, somehow, it has become commonplace.

A Volpe steal, an uncharacteristic error from shortstop Brayan Rocchio and a single from Gleyber Torres followed, combining to add two more runs to the all-star closer’s postseason ledger. For the third time this month, there Clase was on the mound, with his team suddenly trailing due to pitches he had thrown. Although he didn’t allow another jaw-dropping dinger, Clase let another game slip away, opening another door for the opponent after six months of slamming them shut.

And this time, his teammates couldn’t pick him up, as a rally in the bottom of the ninth fell short.

More MLB news
Baseball Hall of Fame voting update: Ichiro Suzuki remains perfect, CC Sabathia, Billy Wagner receive high support
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz has died at age 37, team announces
Report: Giants reach 1-year, $15 million deal with 9-time All-Star Justin Verlander

Clase, alongside Smith, was the headlining feature in a bullpen that was Cleveland’s definitive superpower entering October. It is a group that still has the depth to shine through on occasion — Hunter Gaddis looked tremendous on Friday — but is unquestionably running on fumes collectively, and New York’s lineup has capitalized accordingly.

It’s always a good sign for the Yankees when Soto, Judge and Stanton are punishing opposing pitchers the way they did against Smith in the sixth. But for a lineup that has been brutally top-heavy for extended stretches of the year, rallies fueled by the likes of Rizzo, Volpe and Torres against a closer such as Clase, even in his lessened state, are particularly promising developments.

Earlier in Game 4, rookie catcher Austin Wells clobbered a home run to center field for his first hit of the LCS and first extra-base hit of the postseason after starting October 2-for-26. Wells was scorching hot in the summer, with a .303/.389/.549 line across July and August that vaulted him into AL Rookie of the Year conversations. But a frigid September carried into the postseason, lessening the threat of his bat in the middle of the Yankees’ lineup at a time when every at-bat carries significant weight. Wells is not alone in his offensive struggles as a backstop this October — catchers on LCS teams were collectively hitting .130/.201/.163 entering Friday — but if he can regain his midsummer form, that could be a game-changer for this offense.

Make no mistake: Soto, Judge and Stanton will need to continue to drive this train. But if New York is to advance and face off against a Mets or Dodgers team featuring far more offensive firepower than Cleveland, contributions from the rest of the lineup will become paramount. For the Yankees, Game 4 represented a step in the right direction on that front.

On Saturday in Game 5, it will be a fully rested Carlos Rodón against a less-rested Tanner Bibee. Rodon shined in Game 1, while Bibee lasted just four outs in Game 2. This time, the pressure will be on Bibee to cover as many innings as possible so as to not expose Cleveland’s beleaguered bullpen any further. That puts Vogt in an especially tough spot as the Guardians face elimination, a situation in which managers tend to deploy their bullpens with utmost urgency. After two terribly taxing days for the pitching staff, Vogt might not have that luxury; Bibee must deliver, or this series could be wrapped up in a hurry.

Meanwhile, the Yankees are just one win away from the Fall Classic, with an offense that seems to be getting more imposing by the day — a development that could be the difference between New York reaching its first World Series since 2009 and actually winning its first title in 15 years.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Juan Soto had no correspondence with Yankees players during free agency: 'I didn't talk to any of those guys'

Soto revealed that there was no communication with his former Yankees teammates during the free-agent process.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Yankees trade for Cubs OF Cody Bellinger as former MVP's career takes another turn

One year after returning to the Cubs in free agency, Cody Bellinger is on the move again, this time to the Yankees.

23d ago
Yahoo Sports
All-Star starting pitcher Max Fried, Yankees reportedly agree to 8-year, $218M deal

Fried's deal with New York is the largest guaranteed contract for a left-handed pitcher in MLB history.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Yankees begin their offseason Plan B by adding Max Fried to their rotation. What will they do next?

Adding Fried raises New York’s floor, but Juan Soto’s departure left a massive hole in a lineup that already resembled a slice of Swiss cheese.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Bettors like Notre Dame and Ohio State in the semifinals

Favorites are 8-0 straight up and 7-1 against the spread through the first two rounds of the CFP.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: 5 days of football

In today's edition: Football heaven, Cavs beat Thunder, the best remaining MLB free agents, the NFL's cellar dwellers stunk it up, D-II basketball genius, and more.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Are the Sacramento Kings better off WITHOUT De’Aaron Fox? | The Big Number

Tom Haberstroh and Dan Devine reveal this week’s Big Number and evaluate if the Sacramento Kings are better off without De’Aaron Fox on the court and, if so, should they trade him before the deadline?

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Florida Panthers to host 2026 NHL Winter Classic vs. New York Rangers

This will be the NHL's first outdoor game in Florida and first involving the Panthers.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Travis Kelce disputes that Chiefs threw game vs. Broncos to duck Bengals in playoffs: 'We didn't f***ing throw any game'

"I'll play them at the Walmart parking lot, I don't give a s***."

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Kings' home game vs. Flames postponed due to wildfires in Los Angeles

The Kings have announced that their home game against the Calgary Flames scheduled for Wednesday night would be postponed due to the wildfires in Los Angeles.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bradley Beal has not waived no-trade clause, not discussing trade options with Suns after benching

Bradley Beal has a no-trade clause in his contract that he first signed with the Washington Wizards, and he has no interest in waiving that yet.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders reportedly request interviews with Lions coordinators, putting Tom Brady's Fox broadcast conflict front and center

How exactly is Tom Brady supposed to provide unfettered commentary on coaches he's interviewing as a minority owner of the Raiders?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 TE Exit Interview: Is chaos actually a friend to the position?

Fantasy football analyst Scott Pianowski examines what was yet another strange season at the tight end position.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
First-time NBA All-Stars? These hopefuls have strong cases

Let’s take a look at some contenders, including Victor Wembanyama, who could make their All-Star debuts this February.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Oregon adds big running back transfer and gets two key players to return for the 2025 season

The Ducks were the only undefeated team at the top level of college football before losing to Ohio State in the Rose Bowl.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
No. 8 Florida rolls over No. 1 Tennessee, hands Vols first loss of season in 30-point blowout

The Volunteers were the last remaining undefeated team in the country.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Report: Giants reach 1-year, $15 million deal with 9-time All-Star Justin Verlander

The three-time Cy Young winner will turn 42 in February.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Did LeBron James just throw down the best dunk of his career at 40 years old?

Dereck Lively never stood a chance.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/yankees-vs-guardians-new-yorks-bats-roll-clevelands-bullpen-falters-as-yankees-go-up-3-1-in-alcs-072751137.html 
 ----- 
