Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Yankees overcome Cleveland closer Clase for second straight ALCS game
Cleveland Guardians pitcher Emmanuel Clase walks toward the dugout after throwing against the New York Yankees during the ninth inning in Game 4 of the baseball AL Championship Series Friday, Oct. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: October 19, 2024 at 7:51 AM EST

CLEVELAND — Unchallenged. Unshakeable. Unhittable for six months, Emmanuel Clase hasn’t been close to being the same closer in October.

The Guardians haven’t been able to count on him when it matters most.

For the second straight night, the New York Yankees got to the All-Star in the late innings and have Cleveland on the edge of elimination following an 8-6 win on Friday night in Game 4 of the AL Championship Series.

Clase gave up back-to-back homers in the eighth inning of Game 3 but was saved by his teammates as the Guardians ripped a pair of two-run homers in their final two at-bats to stop from falling into a 3-0 series deficit.

Coming in from the bullpen to his customary music, Clase allowed three singles in the ninth — two of them softly hit — as the Yankees scored twice to break a 6-6 tie.

There wasn’t a team all season that had much success against Clase. The Yankees overcame him twice in a little over 24 hours.

“Obviously he’s as good as it gets,” New York manager Aaron Boone said. “But I think when you have some success against him, and you know he’s throwing a lot, like a lot of our guys, a lot of their guys have thrown in the postseason, I think there’s probably a little bit of confidence that we can do this against one of the game’s greats.”

Clase led the AL with 47 saves and a 0.61 ERA and converted 34 consecutive saves to end the regular season. He gave up just five earned runs.

But Cleveland’s career saves leader showed vulnerability when he allowed a three-run homer to Detroit’s Kerry Carpenter in a 3-0 loss in the Division Series. He’s been exposed further by the Yankees.

Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said Friday afternoon he was unshaken by Game 3 and wasn’t afraid to give the ball to Clase again.

“He’s the best closer in the world,” Vogt said. “He’s hung two sliders this postseason. That’s what’s true. Anything outside of that, you don’t worry about it. He’s made two bad pitches.”

He made a few more bad ones in Game 4.

In six postseason appearances, Clase is 0-2 with a 10.29 ERA. He’s got two saves but they both came against the Tigers, who don’t have anything approaching the Yankees lineup.

Clase avoided reporters on Thursday but stood at his locker Friday to explain what went wrong.

He’s not even sure.

“Yeah, I mean obviously a little surprising,” he said through an interpreter. “Obviously, I keep the confidence high and keep trusting what I can do. But it’s a little surprising that they’ve been able to get the result they got so far.”

Clase insists he’s not been overworked by Vogt, who didn’t think the 26-year-old has been as sharp.

“I felt like the ball was just leaking back over the middle,” he said. “Credit them. They’ve had a great approach off of him the last two days. That is what the Yankees do really well. They take a really good approach against your pitchers, and then they get pitches over the middle. They don’t miss them, and they really capitalized.”

Clase has led MLB’s best bullpen this season, and if he gets another chance, the Guardians trust he’ll come through.

“He knows that everyone in this bullpen and in this clubhouse believes in him,” said rookie right-hander Cade Smith, who gave up Giancarlo Stanton’s three-run homer in the sixth. “Two rough nights hasn’t shaken our faith in him at all.”

Originally Published: October 19, 2024 at 7:50 AM EST
Around the Web
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Bra Designed by The 70-year-old Grandma Are Taking Las Vegas by Storm!
Libiyi
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Surprising Doctors Everywhere: Simple Mole & Skin Tag Removal (No Surgery)
TopStoryZone
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling Out at Costco (Find Out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Put a Toilet Paper Roll Under the Toilet Seat at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Nevada
Rechol
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
Don't Ignore These Early Warning Signs of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore!
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
15 Worst Foods for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent but Deadly - Know the Symptoms!
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Banks Selling Las Vegas Homes at Massive Discounts
Real Estate Sales
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
Can't Sleep? Doctor Begs: "Anyone With Insomnia - Do This Before Bed Next Time"
WG Sleep Health
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
Healthy again, Jesus Luzardo aims to stick around with Phillies
2024
October
19
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/10/19/yankees-get-to-cleveland-closer-clase-for-second-straight-alcs-game/ 
 ----- 
