Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three Observations From Guardians Win Over Royals, 7-1
Tanner Bibee, Kyle Manzardo, and Brayan Rocchio led the Cleveland Guardians to a win over the Kansas City Royals.
Tommy Wild | Sep 3, 2024
Sep 3, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Cleveland Guardians shortstop Brayan Rocchio (4) hits a one-run sacrifice against the Kansas City Royals in the second inning at Kauffman Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Denny Medley-Imagn Images / Denny Medley-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

The Cleveland Guardians are getting back on track, which should be a scary sight for the rest of MLB. On Tuesday evening, they took down the Kansas City Royals, 7-1, and clinched a series victory over the team that was trailing them in the division.

Here are three observations and takeaways from Cleveland's latest win.

Tanner Bibee

Another night and another tremendous starter from a Guardians pitcher. This time, it was Tanner Bibee who put together a stellar performanve against the Royals.

Bibee pitched 6.0 innings, gave up two hits, allowed one earned run, struck out six hitters, and walked three batters.

The only real trouble he found himself in was in the sixth inning when he loaded the bases with no outs. Cleveland had just a two-run lead, and Kansas City threatened to put up some crooked numbers. However, he escaped the jam like a true ace and only gave up one run.

Bibee typically relies on his slider to get strikeouts, but he opted to rely heavily on his fastball in this start instead. This pitch has a total of 11 swings and misses, as Bibee just threw it right past his opponent.

Sep 3, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee (28) delivers a pitch against the Kansas City Royals in the first inning at Kauffman Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Denny Medley-Imagn Images / Denny Medley-Imagn Images
Kyle Manzardo Proving He Belongs

Kyle Manzardo has made an immediate on the Guardians since being called up on Sunday. Cleveland's designated hitter went 3-for-4 on Tuesday against the Royals, including another extra-base hit. That hit even came off an offspeed pitch, something he struggled with in the minors this season.

The Guardians' lineup just feels so much deeper, with Manzardo hitting in the middle of it. Sure, he will still go through growing pains, but it's clear that development needs to happen at the major league level.

Brayan Rocchio

Brayan Rocchio has been more of a defensive specialist for the Guardians this season. However, moments like Tuesday night have still demonstrated his offensive potential.

Rocchio hit a two-run homer in the top of the seventh inning, giving the Guardians a three-run lead and essentially ending the Royals' hope for a comeback. Then, in the eighth inning, Cleveland's shortstop worked a walk with the bases loaded, giving him another RBI on the night.

This was a big win for the Guardians, and they never would've been able to win without Rocchio's impact.

Published Sep 3, 2024
TOMMY WILD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/three-observations-cleveland-guardians-kansas-city-royals-september-3-2024 
 ----- 
