Skip to main content
Best News Website or Mobile Service 
Digital Media Awards Worldwide 2022
Sign In
My Feed
Search
Edition Menu
Hamburger Menu
Main navigation
Top Stories
Latest News
Asia
East Asia
Singapore
Commentary
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Watch
Listen
ADVERTISEMENT

Sport

Singapore fall 3-1 to Thailand in World Cup qualifier

Singapore's Safuwan Baharudin (in red) at the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 Qualifiers against Thailand on Nov 21, 2023. (Photo: Facebook/Football Association of Singapore)

Listen
4 min
New: You can now listen to articles.
Matthew Mohan
21 Nov 2023 09:57PM (Updated: 21 Nov 2023 11:55PM)
Bookmark
Share

SINGAPORE: Days after a 5-0 defeat by a dominant South Korea, the Lions were back in more familiar temperatures, in a more familiar environment as they faced Thailand at the National Stadium on Tuesday (Nov 21).

But the outcome was the same for Singapore, with a 3-1 defeat leaving them rooted to the bottom of their World Cup qualifying group. South Korea are top of the group after a 3-0 away win over China, who beat Thailand in the opening round of fixtures.

An early goal from Thailand's Supachok Sarachat put Mano Polking’s men in front, and while a first-half reply from substitute Shawal Anuar handed Singapore a route back into the game, a Suphanat Mueanta double wrapped up the victory for Thailand.

Last week, the Lions were soundly beaten by South Korea at the Seoul World Cup Stadium, with goals from Cho Gue-sung, Hwang Hee-chan, Son Heung-min, Hwang Ui-jo and Lee Kang-in sealing the victory.

And while the South Koreans may have laboured in the first 45 minutes, ASEAN kingpins Thailand took the game right to Singapore with Hassan Sunny forced into a good stop with less than a minute played.

Singapore's Ryhan Stewart at the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 Qualifiers against Thailand on Nov 21, 2023. (Photo: Reuters/Jeremy Lee)

Then came a low drive from Supachok four minutes later to silence the home crowd of 29,644.

Singapore’s last competitive fixture against Thailand was in 2021 when they lost 0-2 to the War Elephants in the group stage of the AFF Suzuki Cup (now the AFF Mitsubishi Electric Cup). The Lions last beat Thailand in 2012.

Singapore, who were without Shah Shahiran (suspension) and Irfan Fandi (injury), looked to soak up the pressure and hit the Thais on the counter but simply could not fashion a shot on target.

Hassan was kept busy in Singapore’s tie with South Korea last week. On Tuesday, he had to be alert in the 27th minute to push a long-distance effort from Phitiwat Sookjitthammakul away for a corner. Minutes later, he was called into action once again with a strong parry from a Supachai Chaided strike.

But Singapore would claw themselves level as good combination play between Ilhan Fandi and Song Ui-young resulted in a ball being played through to Shawal. He would tuck home despite Thailand goalkeeper Kampon Phatomakkakul getting a hand on the finish.

Singapore's Shawal Anuar after scoring a goal against Thailand in the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup Saudi Arabia 2027 Qualifiers on Nov 21, 2023. (Photo: Facebook/Football Association of Singapore)

The Lions looked fired up after the restart and would hunt higher up the pitch. And that pressure would create space for a Song snapshot in the 52nd minute but his speculative effort was held by Kampon.

Their opponents were by no means out of the game, and a skewed Ekanit Panya shot in the 58th minute was a warning sign for the Lions.

Then came the game-winner – a brilliant through ball from second-half substitute Teerasil Dangda found the onrushing Suphanat who finished with aplomb.

As the Lions pressed for the equaliser, Suphanat would drill home minutes from the full-time whistle.

Speaking at a post-match press conference, Polking described the win as an “important” one after Thailand’s 2-1 loss to China in Bangkok last week. He said that his side took more control of the match in the second half after a first 45 where Singapore caused problems.

“We lost the first game, (so) the only chance to be alive would be to win that game here,” he said.

“We are very, very, very happy to get the points that we need.”

Nishigaya said that his players were “all very disappointed”.

“We’re all very disappointed that we couldn’t produce the result that the fans were expecting and that we wanted,” he said. 

“But I have to say the players gave it their all for the full 90 minutes and I’m sure what they’ve learned today will help them to get through the next game.”

When asked if he would still be around for Singapore’s clash with China next year, Nishigaya said that he did not know but is fully committed to the job.

The first two rounds of Asian Football Confederation (AFC) qualifying for the 2026 World Cup also serve as the first two stages of qualifying for the 2027 AFC Asian Cup. The top two teams from each group will move on to the next round of the World Cup qualifiers and also qualify for the Asian Cup. The remaining teams will continue to play qualifying matches, but only for entry into the Asian Cup.

The Lions’ subsequent qualifiers will be played next year. They will meet China at home on Mar 21 and away on Mar 26 before the return fixtures against South Korea and Thailand on Jun 6 and Jun 11 respectively.

Related:
Son scores twice as South Korea outclass China in World Cup qualifier
Son and star-studded South Korea cruise past Singapore 5-0 in World Cup qualifiers in Seoul
Source: CNA/mt(gr)
Related Topics
Football Association of Singapore Thailand
ADVERTISEMENT
Also worth reading
Singaporean woman, 66, among 7 killed in multi-vehicle accident on North-South Expressway near Melaka
Trial opens for Healing the Divide's Iris Koh, doctor and assistant accused of cheating HPB over COVID-19 jabs
Indonesian serial rapist Reynhard Sinaga attacked in UK prison, man charged: Report
Indonesia’s ‘perfect husband’ sentenced to 6.5 years’ jail in tin-mining corruption scandal
CNA Sections
Asia
Singapore
Business
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Luxury
CNA938 Live
Newsletters
Commentary
Interactives
Live TV
Sport
World
Special Reports
About CNA
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Correspondents
Presenters
Mediacorp Network
 Follow our news
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
RSS

Copyright© Mediacorp 2025. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.

Official Domain | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Report Vulnerability
This browser is no longer supported

We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with CNA to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.

To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.

Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.channelnewsasia.com/sport/singapore-lose-thailand-national-stadium-world-cup-qualifier-3936986 
 ----- 
