Spotlight

Popular

Watch

Sports

Training

Lifestyle

About

Harmeet Singh
Nov 23, 2023
4 min read
AFC World Cup 2026 Qualifiers: Thailand Downs Singapore 3-1 at National Stadium

Singapore lose ground in World Cup qualification after falling 1-3 at home to Thailand in the AFC World Cup 2026 qualification second round

Song Ui-Yong had a busy day in the centre of midfield against the Thais. PHOTO: FAIZAL BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

SINGAPORE, 21 NOVEMBER 2023 – If there was ever a match that needed that extra Kallang Roar, this was it. On Wednesday (21 November), Singapore played their AFC World Cup 2026 Qualification Second Round fixture against their Southeast Asian rivals Thailand in a packed National Stadium in Singapore. 




With noticeable absentees in Irfan Fandi for Singapore and Chanathip Songkrasin for Thailand, the match was still compelling considering the history between both teams. 




For more match photos from Singapore vs Thailand's AFC World Cup Qualifiers match, visit our photo album here.




Singapore came into the matchup following a 5-0 away defeat to South Korea whilst Thailand aimed to give back to their travelling fans with a result after they felt that a point was stolen from them in their 2-1 loss against China. 




Entering the stadium to the loud cheers of the 29,644 fans in attendance, you could sense that this match would be memorable. Watching both nations’ flags emerge from the tunnel as captains Harris Harun and Theerathon Bunmathan escorted their teams onto the field, it felt as if we were in a coliseum. 

Anu Kumar (left), Jacob Mahler (centre) and Lionel Tan sing the national anthem at the National Stadium ahead of kickoff. PHOTO: HANA BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

Seconds into the match, Supachok Sarachat warned Singapore of what was to come when he turned Lionel Tan on the edge of the box before watching his shot stun the hands of Singapore’s goalkeeper Hassan Sunny, who pushed it wide.  




He wasn’t going to be denied the second time around in the 4th minute. Supachok latched onto a well-timed lifted ball from Ekanit Panya and finished the move off with a delicious volley that was too quick for Hassan Sunny, as it flew under him and into the back of the net. 

The Thais celebrating the match opener in front of a silenced Singapore crowd. PHOTO: HANA BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

Thailand were in the ascendency in the first 20 minutes with Suphanat Mueanta being a nuisance in and around the box but due to the heroics of Hassan Sunny, he was unable to find the net.




Singapore found their second gear towards the end of the first period when skipper Harris Harun spotted Ilhan Fandi in the box, and the Challenger Pro League club Deinze 

striker cushioned the ball down with his chest before playing an inch-perfect pass to an oncoming Song Ui-yong. 




Unselfishly, the forward slid the ball across the goal for Shawal Anuar who drilled a shot pass Kampol Pathomattakul. 1-1 and it was game on for the Lions as both teams entered the tunnel at half-time. 

Singapore Lions defending a Thai corner kick. PHOTO: FAIZAL BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

Singapore came out with the same pressure as how they ended the first half, with Song Ui-yong finding himself in control of a loose ball at the end of the box but his tame shot was well saved by Pathomattakul, with the keeper going down low to his bottom left post for an easy save. 




Teerasil Dangda 'The Machine' 




Alexandre Polking made some changes midway into the second half that made an instant impact. The most lethal change was putting on Teerasil Dangda for Supachai Chaided in the 66th minute. 




When asked why he didn’t start, Polking shared that Teerasil, whom he labelled a machine, confided in him and clarified that he only had 30 minutes in him as he was still carrying an injury. The 35-year-old striker only needed 10 minutes to make his mark on the game when he controlled a pass from Ekanit, turning Jacob Mahler before feeding Suphanat Mueanta who had a straightforward task of taking a touch before firing his shot past a helpless Hassan Sunny. 

The Singa Brigade was out in full force on Tuesday evening, and made up part of the 29,644 strong crowd. PHOTO: FAIZAL BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

Singapore knew they had to find a solution with time slowly running out. They almost had the chance to draw level through their captain Harris Harun. A desperate overhead lob by Shawal Anuar found his captain at the end of the ball, who unleashed a powerful volley that flew past the wrong side of the post. It would have been a stunning strike to draw both teams level. 




The combination of Teerasil and Suphanat was causing Singapore problems. They were made to pay again in the 86th minute when Teerasil masterfully controlled the ball from Theerathon before playing in Suphanat in the middle of the park. 

Lionel Tan (in red) pleads with the match official. PHOTO: FAIZAL BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

The 21-year-old took a swing at Hassan Sunny's goal, catching the Singapore goalkeeper flat-footed. The veteran could only get his right hand to the ball which was not enough as it slipped past him and into the net to make it 3-1 to Thailand. 




Like clockwork, you could see the disappointment in the Singaporean fans as they slowly made their way to the exits following the third goal, knowing that a Lions comeback was now impossible. As the final whistle blew, the faces of the Singaporean players told of their regret as they were unable to make their mark in the group.

Safuwan Baharudin (centre) and goalkeeper Hassan Sunny (right) defending another Thai onslaught. PHOTO: FAIZAL BASIR, SPORTPLUS.SG

Polking shared during the press conference how important the win was for Thailand following their loss against China. He shared that though Singapore did pose a challenge, he believed in the capabilities of his players, especially Teerasil who showed how impactful he can be and Suphanat as his career progresses with his current team, Oud-Heverlee Leuven in Belgium. 




Coach Takayuki Nishigaya believed that the better team won on the night. He felt that the third goal threw the team off balance while they were searching for their second equaliser. He looks forward to watching his players improve in their respective clubs and grow as a team for their upcoming games. 




For more match photos from Singapore vs Thailand's AFC World Cup Qualifiers match, visit our photo album here.




#AFCWCQ #SgFootball

Sports NewsTeam SingaporeFootball
Recent Posts
See All

Women's Football: Singapore 0-4 Hong Kong

Football: Singapore to Play Vietnam and India in September Tri-Nation Friendlies

Football for Women Regardless of Age, Background or Ability: Hilderinc Ladies Football Club

Sport Plus Media Pte Ltd 
2 Kallang Ave, #07-05, CT Hub. Singapore 339407
Stay up to date with Sport Plus!
SUBSCRIBE
 ⓒ 2024 Sport Plus Media 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportplus.sg/post/afc-world-cup-2026-qualifiers-thailand-downs-singapore-3-1-at-national-stadium 
 ----- 
