 HOME
MAIL
NEWS
FINANCE
SPORT
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFE
MORE...
Yahoo News
Search query
Sign in
News
Singapore
Mental Health
Sports
Games
Fitspo
World
Shopping
Videos
Weather
…
Close this content
World Cup 2026 qualifiers: Battling Singapore fall 1-3 to clinical Thailand as over 29,000 fans turn up
World Cup dreams almost extinguished for Lions, as Thais are indebted to veteran striker Teerasil Dangda for creating two crucial goals
Chia Han Keong·Editor
21 November 2023·5-min read
Thailand's Suphanat Mueanta celebrates scoring their second goal against Singapore in their 2026 World Cup qualifier at Singapore National Stadium. (PHOTO: Reuters/Jeremy Lee)

SINGAPORE — They had a strong turnout of 29,644 fans at the National Stadium. They played their hearts out against a side which they haven't beaten in 11 years. But Singapore's hopes of qualifying for the 2026 Fifa World Cup were all but extinguished on Tuesday (21 November), after a 1-3 loss against regional powerhouses Thailand.

Although the Lions put in a committed and battling performance against the seven-time AFF Championship winners that earned applause from the appreciative crowd at full-time, their lack of incision up front cost them as the Thais took their chances far more clinically.

And with the defeat following a heavy 0-5 loss to Asian giants South Korea last Thursday in Seoul, Singapore have no points after their opening two World Cup qualifying matches, and chances of advancing past this second round of Asian Zone qualifiers look slim.

"Unfortunately we couldn't produce a result that would make the fans happy," said Singapore head coach Takayuki Nishigaya after the loss. "The players gave their all for the full 90 minutes, and they will continue to give their best for the next four qualifying games. This is our commitment to compete until the end of our qualifying campaign."

ADVERTISEMENT

The Thais too, were desperate to avoid defeat, after a 1-2 home loss against China had also put Alexandre Polking's side under pressure, with the Brazilian coach saying during the pre-match media conference that two defeats in a row would probably end their World Cup campaign at this stage.

He sounded like a relieved man during the post-match media conference, saying, "After that totally unnecessary loss to China, we have to try our hardest to get a result here, in order to stay alive in our qualifying campaign. Singapore gave us a tough fight, especially in the first half, so I'm happy we managed to get the win."

Early setback, but Lions found superb equaliser

Thailand - who have not lost to Singapore in the past six encounters dating from 2012 - started off strongly, laying siege on Hassan Sunny's goal from the opening whistle. They took advantage of the relative inexperience of right-back Ryhan Stewart, with captain Theerathon Bunmathan and playmaker Supachok Sarachat repeatedly running at the 23-year-old.

And when Stewart conceded a throw-in in the fifth minute, Thailand struck. Theerathon's long throw found Ekanit Panya, who headed the ball down for an onrushing Supachok to slam home and silence the home fans.

ADVERTISEMENT

With the Thais continuing to target Stewart, Nishigaya quickly made adjustment, switching Stewart with the far more experienced Nazrul Nazari from the left flank. That seemed to stem the Thai tide of attacks down that flank, but Hassan Sunny still had to pull out top-drawer saves - first a long-range screamer from Phitiwat Sookjitthammakul in the 28th minute, then a point-blank from from Ekanit seven minutes later.

Meanwhile, the Lions found little luck going forward, unable to construct any attack of note - until the 41st minute when they suddenly clicked into gear for a superb team goal.

First, veteran defender Safuwan intercepted a long pass, and the ball spilled over to his defensive partner Lionel Tan. Tan passed the ball to the nearby Hariss Harun, and the Singapore captain launched a searching long ball towards lone forward Ilhan Fandi.

Ilhan controlled the ball superbly, and switched play quickly to a marauding Song Ui-young down the left flank. And when Song crossed, on came substitute Shawal Anuar - who had replaced Shahdan Sulaiman in the 19th minute - to tap home the equaliser to a huge roar from the crowd.

Singapore's Shawal Anuar celebrates scoring their first goal against Thailand in their 2026 World Cup qualifying match at Singapore National Stadium. (PHOTO: Reuters/Jeremy Lee)
Classy Teerasil and Suphanat the difference makers

The second half began on a far more even ground than the first, as the two teams traded speculative attempts on goal. But just as the match entered a period of lull, Thailand retook the lead in the 66th minute.

ADVERTISEMENT

Polking had just put on veteran striker Teerasil Dangda to add more bite to their attack, and the 35-year-old immediately showed his class. With his back against Singapore's goal, he spun and laid a beautiful pass for an onrushing Suphanat Mueanta.

The forward still had a lot to do, but he managed to squeeze off a pin-point shot from a narrow angle that arrowed into goal, as the Thais celebrated wildly.

Still the Lions poured forward, roared on by the fans in search of another equaliser, but Teerasil again orchestrated the Thais' third goal in the 86th minute, as he again expertly found Suphanat in a counter-attack, and the 21-year-old - who is plying his trade on loan with Belgium side OH Leuven - made no mistake again with a crisp shot.

Polking was full of praise for Teerasil after the match, revealing that the veteran told him that he could only play 30 minutes as he was making his way back from injury.

"I always joke with him that he's an old horse, but wow, what a horse," he quipped. "He's the best striker I have seen in my entire career, and his contributions are still crucial to us."

Do you have a story tip? Email: sgnews.tips@yahooinc.com.

You can also follow us on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Twitter. Also check out our Southeast Asia, Food, and Gaming channels on YouTube.

Yahoo Singapore Telegram
Latest stories
The Telegraph
Screams and lifeless bodies filled the street as new year celebrations turned to terror

Standing motionless, with a hand covering her mouth, a woman stares at the lifeless body at her feet as a security guard from a nearby bar attempts to drag her away.

15 hours ago
The Telegraph
Flagship Ukrainian brigade trained in France goes AWOL

About 1,700 soldiers from a Ukrainian unit equipped by the West and trained in France went AWOL before firing a shot.

6 hours ago
The Independent
Georgia judge shoots himself dead in his own courtroom on final day in office

Judge Stephen Yekel, 74, was found dead on Tuesday in his own courtroom

2 days ago
The Independent
‘We’re going to rip your face off’ in visa fight, Steve Bannon warns Elon Musk

‘Sit back and study ... Don’t come up and go to the pulpit in your first week here and start lecturing people about the way things are going to be,’ Trump’s former White House strategist warns tech billionaire

2 days ago
The Independent
Virgin Australia crew allegedly raped and robbed in Fiji on New Year’s Day

Police say airline crew were celebrating New Year’s at popular tourist spot during overnight layover when they attacked

14 hours ago
MoneySmart
Best Fixed Deposit Rates in Singapore (Jan 2025)—Rates Up To 3.05%, Minimum Deposits From $500

If you think that fixed deposits are only for conservative cash-rich aunties and uncles, think again. A fixed deposit (also known as a time deposit) account is a type of...

18 hours ago
Cinema Online
Zhao Lusi has started physical rehab and speaking again

The actress' friend assured her condition following reports of aphasia

14 hours ago
SETHLUI.COM
11 honest durian stores to get the perfect durian fix [Jan 2025 update]

The post 11 honest durian stores to get the perfect durian fix [Jan 2025 update] appeared first on SETHLUI.com.

a day ago
The Guardian
Eight years, three league titles and lots of money: how Oscar made a success of China stay

The Brazilian, in contrast to many other footballers, embraced living in China with his family and will be sorely missed

a day ago
People
Heather Graham Rocks a Bikini in the Snow to Ring in 2025 Ahead of Her 55th Birthday: 'Happy New Year!'

The actress also shared that she is "learning how to ski" and "looking for ways to be healthy and happy in the new year"

a day ago
Evening Standard
Angry Marcus Rashford slams 'ridiculous' new claim over Manchester United exit

England forward has hit out at the latest reports regarding his Old Trafford future

a day ago
The Telegraph
Missing woman found after 50 years

A woman who has been at the centre of a missing person’s case for 50 years has been found alive and well.

a day ago
Yahoo News Singapore
Police investigating unauthorised payments linked to Koufu Eat app; Pritam Singh says WP has played its part as ‘loyal opposition’: Singapore live news

Yahoo Singapore is featuring a curated selection of some of the biggest, most important, and fascinating news that's making waves online.

19 hours ago
The Telegraph
Real Madrid ready to pay £20m to sign Trent Alexander-Arnold in January

Real Madrid are considering a £20 million bid to persuade Liverpool to sell Trent Alexander-Arnold in January, but the Premier League leaders are adamant their vice-captain will not leave this month.

a day ago
The Independent
Influencer dies after accepting £700 whiskey-drinking challenge

Thanakarn Kanthee gulped down at least two bottles of alcohol within 20 minutes

12 hours ago
Hello!
Prince Archie looks so big as he surfs with 'twin' Prince Harry

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's son Prince Archie, five, enjoyed a daredevil father-son activity

a day ago
SETHLUI.COM
Sweet Bistro: Shiok Penang char kway teow by kueh hawker, only available 3 hours a day

The post Sweet Bistro: Shiok Penang char kway teow by kueh hawker, only available 3 hours a day appeared first on SETHLUI.com.

18 hours ago
The Telegraph
Adidas could end £900m kit deal if Manchester United relegated

Manchester United’s £900 million kit deal with Adidas could be terminated by the German sportswear giant if the club were relegated from the Premier League.

22 hours ago
BuzzFeed
People Who Worked For Literal Billionaires Are Exposing How They're So Different From "Regular" People, And It's Fascinating

"He buys all new clothes everywhere he goes and then just throws them away when he leaves. Or, I should say, his personal assistant buys him all new clothes everywhere he goes. He's not doing it himself."

16 hours ago
SETHLUI.COM
Skip these markets & hawker centres slated for spring cleaning in Jan 2025

The post Skip these markets & hawker centres slated for spring cleaning in Jan 2025 appeared first on SETHLUI.com.

2 days ago
Home
Singapore
Mental Health
Sports
Games
Fitspo
World
Shopping
Videos
Weather
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Our Ads
Follow us on
facebook
instagram
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sg.news.yahoo.com/world-cup-2026-qualifiers-singapore-1-3-thailand-fans-turn-up-145918617.html 
 ----- 
