quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Monday

November 20, 2023

 dictionary + A - A 
Korea to meet China in second game of Asian qualifers
Published: 20 Nov. 2023, 16:18
Updated: 20 Nov. 2023, 18:16
PAIK JI-HWAN
paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr

The Korean national team celebrates after Lee Kang-in scored a goal during a World Cup qualifier against Singapore at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on Thursday. [YONHAP]

 
The Korean national team’s bid to extend their winning streak continues Tuesday as the Taeguk Warriors face China in an Asian qualifiers match for the 2026 World Cup. 
 

Related Article
Korea crush Singapore 5-0 in World Cup qualifer as Europe stars shine
 
The squad, led by manager Jurgen Klinsmann, will play an away game on China's home turf, vying to win their fifth game in a row after managing four victories from September through mid-November, during which they scored 16 goals and conceded zero.
 
The Taeguk Warriors seem to have overcome the early wobble in Klinsmann’s first five matches in charge when the team failed to secure a single win due to a lack of cohesion and goal decisiveness. The team scored just four goals and gave up six across Klinsmann’s first five games.  
 
Goal decisiveness and defensive factors have since improved significantly. The upcoming match against China will reveal whether the Taeguk Warriors can maintain their current form and prove that they are capable enough to win the AFC Asian Cup, scheduled for January next year.  
 
China, No. 79 on the FIFA rankings, is not a usual World Cup competitor, having played in the tournament just once, in 2002.  
 
But the Chinese national team could prove a stronger opponent than No. 155 Singapore, whom Korea thrashed 5-0 in a World Cup qualifier on Thursday.  
 
China also secured one win in Group C of the World Cup qualifiers, with a 2-1 win over Thailand last week.  
 
The match against China will likely be a tough one in terms of physical challenge, as the Chinese players tend to challenge hard on the pitch.  
 
The U-24 Korean national team weathered a tough game during one of two friendlies with China in June, with some Korean players suffering injury to lose 1-0.
 
Whether Klinsmann rests key players like regular captain Son Heung-min or Lee Kang-in remains to be seen, however, as they have contributed to huge wins in the recent fixtures.  
 
Son displayed agile movements during a 6-0 win against Vietnam in October and scored one goal, and did it again to score another goal against Singapore last week.
 
Lee’s impact has been more visible in the past three fixtures against Tunisia, Vietnam and Singapore during which he made effective passes for his teammates and scored at least one goal in every match.  
 
Regular striker pick Cho Gue-sung, who displayed solid cohesion with Lee and scored a goal against Singapore with Lee’s assist, may also start Tuesday’s match.
 
Celtic striker Oh Hyeon-gyu was the only striker pick that did not manage a single goal in Korea’s recent games, but Tuesday’s match may be a chance for him to prove his potential if he starts in lieu of Cho.  
 
Korea will retain the frontrunner position in Group C if they win Tuesday’s game. A total of 36 teams, divided into nine groups of four, compete in the second round of the World Cup Asian qualifier and a total 18 teams — nine group winners and nine runners-up — advance to the third round.  
 
Korea is competing with China, Singapore and Thailand in Group C. 
 
Tuesday match will kick off at Shenzhen Universiade Sports Centre in Shenzhen, China at 8 p.m. local time, 9 p.m. in Korea.


Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 100.00%
Remaining Time 
-0:25
Fullscreen
BY PAIK JI-HWAN [paik.jihwan@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Korea Taeguk Warriors China World Cup qualifiers Second round Jurgen Klinsmann Lee Kang-in Cho Gue-sung
More in Football

 Sports Ministry refuses to back down on call for Korean football chief to be suspended

 Goalkeeper Song Bum-keun returns to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

 K League sets single-season ticket sales record in 2024

 Kim Ji-soo makes second Premier League appearance in Brentford's loss to Arsenal

 Moon Seon-min joins FC Seoul from Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Related Stories

 Klinsmann makes some changes ahead of September friendlies

 Korean stars Cho Gue-sung, Kim Min-jae and Lee Kang-in prove potential in Qatar

 Korea cruise past Iceland with big 5-1 win

 Eyes on the prize

 Klinsmann looks for first win as Korea take on Uruguay

What’s Popular Now
1
‘He gave his best’: Photo of Jeju Air captain's final efforts before crash draws online condolences
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Espionage in Guam: FBI accuses South Korean of financing North
4
Song Joong-ki halts promotions for film
5
Hyun Bin's 'Harbin' hits 3 million moviegoers in 9 days
6
Police disperse clashing protesters as Yoon's arrest draws near
7
Rare broadcast sparks speculation over Kim Yo-jong's children
8
Jeju Air disaster live: Police raid airport, aviation authority and Jeju Air headquarters
9
[WHY] Why did Yoon declare martial law? Korea's political YouTubers might be to blame.
10
Korea may face chip talent outflow on Trump expansion of H-1B
11
Travel ban slapped on Jeju Air CEO as police investigate deadly plane crash
12
Hermès, LVMH-owned luxury brands to raise prices despite economic woes
13
Families devastated as funerals begin for victims of Jeju Air disaster
14
Police raid multiple sites linked to Jeju Air disaster
15
KBS faces backlash after staff spotted nailing installations at World Heritage site
16
Shamanism and tattoos: Korean cultural elements in 'Squid Game' season 2 explained
17
Celebrities donate to support victims' families of Jeju Air tragedy
18
'Culinary Class Wars' Triple Star under fire after allegations from 'exes'
19
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
20
Netflix refutes research organization's profit predictions for 'Squid Game' season 2

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship

About Company
Contact Us
Newsletter
Advertising
Work for us
FAQ
Notice
Ombudsman
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
E-mail Address Privacy
Juvenile Protection Policy

All materials contained on this site are protected by Korean copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior consent of Joins.com | Tel: 1577-0510




JoongAng Daily Co., Ltd. | Address: 48-6 Sangamsan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Business registration number: 160-86-00572 | CEO & Publisher: Park Chang-hee | Executive Editor: Choi Ji-young

Mail order business report number: 2020-Seoul Mapo-3838 | Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아55177

Date of Registration: 2023. 11. 21 | Juvenile Protection Manager: Chun Young-sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2023-11-20/sports/football/Korea-to-meet-China-in-second-game-of-Asian-qualifers/1917137 
 ----- 
