Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians strike first, take 1-0 lead in ALDS with 7-0 win over Tigers
Updated: Oct. 06, 2024, 1:06 a.m.|Published: Oct. 05, 2024, 4:02 p.m.
47
1/47
Cleveland Guardians vs. Detroit Tigers in game 1of ALDS, October 5, 2024
By Paul Hoynes, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio – Six days off, one of them unscheduled because of a rainout on the last day of the regular season, did not blunt the edge the Guardians have sharpened in this surprising season.

They started strong and fast on a sunny Saturday afternoon to beat the wild card Tigers, 7-0, in Game 1 of the best-of-five American League Division Series. Game 2 will be played Monday at 4:08 p.m. at Progressive Field.

Ian Eagle's Pen Addiction

The Guardians earned a bye to reach the ALDS by finishing with the second best record in the league on the way to winning the AL Central. In the recent past, teams that have gained the bye have not fared well, but the Guardians looked fresh and motivated against a Detroit team coming off a two-game sweep of Houston in the wild card series.

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Comparing Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase to MLB’s elite relievers (Podcast)
Guardians put two pitchers on MLB Network’s list of top 10 relievers right now
Guardians set to exchange salary figures with Steven Kwan, Lane Thomas on Thursday

The Guards struck quickly for a 5-0 lead in the first off opener Tyler Holton (0-1). Detroit’s lefty had made three similar starts against the Guardians during the regular season and never allowed a run. This time the ceiling caved in on him.

Steven Kwan opened the game with a double off the right field wall. David Fry walked and Jose Ramirez sent a shot to third that got through Zach McKinstry and rolled down the left field line for an error. Kwan scored and Fry reached third.

Josh Naylor, who drove in a career high 108 runs in the regular season, singled to right to score Fray and send Ramirez to third. Holton’s day was done as Reese Olson relieved.

Lane Thomas ambushed Olson’s first pitch, an 85.7 mph slider, and sent it into the left field bleachers for a three-run homer and a 5-0 lead. It was the first pitch of Thomas’ postseason career and he made it memorable.

There were still no outs and Andres Gimenez kept the inning going with an infield single to first. Olson, however, retired the next three batters. He turned in five innings, allowing just one run.

The Guardians are the first in AL postseason history to score five runs without an out being recorded, according to Elias Sports Bureau and Stats Perform.

“This is great for our guys,” said manager Stephen Vogt. “They had five days off. They worked really hard to stay ready. To be able to come out and jump on them early ... it was just a huge game for all of our guys.”

Said Tiger manager A.J. Hinch, “Cleveland came out hot ... Against this team, as good as they are and as much pressure as they put on you, extra bases and extra outs are really hard to overcome as good as their lineup is.

“They punch you with five in the first, it’s hard to overcome.”

Bibee, facing the the Tigers for the fifth time this year, worked his way through 26 pitches and a mound visit by pitching coach Carl Willis in the first inning. Kerry Carpenter reached him for a one-out single and he hit Riley Greene with a two-out pitch. After Colt Keith ended the inning on a liner to left, Bibee seemed to gather himself for the rest of his start.

Over the next 3 2/3 innings, he allowed three hits and a walk. None of them threatened Cleveland’s lead.

McKinstry reached on what appeared to be a sun-aided, one-out single in the second. Bibee struck out the next two batters. Greene reached on a leadoff single in the fourth. Keith followed with a walk, but Spencer Torkelsen grounded into a 5-4-3 double play.

Bibee retired the first two men he faced in the fifth, but when Parker Meadows singled from the leadoff spot, the bullpen was summoned. Bibee had thrown just 76 pitches and needed one more out to qualify for the win, but Vogt didn’t hesitate to call for rookie Cade Smith.

“I always want to stay out here,” the Bibee. “But it’s the postseason and I totally get it.”

The best bullpen in the big leagues hadn’t pitched in six days, so why not?

When Bibee came off the mound, he gestured to the sellout crowd to make some noise and they did.

“For the past three days I’ve felt like there’s been a lead block on me,” said Bibee. “Once I got through the first inning, I felt there was a nice weight off my shoulder. I feel I’ve done a lot in my first two years. I’ve pitched for a team that’s out of it and pitched for a team that’s in it.

“To get the first (postseason game) out of the way was pretty nice.”

Smith (1-0) struck out four straight batters. Tim Herrin started the seventh and retired three straight Tigers, two on strikeouts. After he walked Jake Rogers to start the eighth, Hunter Gaddis relieved and retired Wenceel Perez on a fly ball to center and induced a nicely turned 4-6-3 double play on Carpenter’s grounder to end the inning.

Then it was time for closer Emmanuel Clase. He retired the Tigers in order to complete the four-hit shutout.

The offense, meanwhile, needed some recovery time from its five-run outburst in the first. It got back to work in the sixth when Fry doubled down the left field line to score Jhonkensy Noel and Kwan for a 7-0 lead. Kwan and Fry had a good day from the top of the lineup.

They combined for three hits, including two doubles, three walks, two runs and two RBI.

“Kwanie has been our spark plug all year,” said Vogt. “When he goes, we go. David, no matter what role we’ve thrown him in, he meets it with same attitude ... It’s fun to see him come through in a big day.”

Bibee threw 4 2/3 innings, striking out six and walking one. He lowered his ERA against Detroit this year from 4.50 to 3.76.

Next: LHP Matthew Boyd (2-2, 2.72) vs. LHP Tarik Skubal (18-4, 2.39) in Game 2 Monday at 4:08 p.m. at Progressive Field. TBS, WTAM, WMMS, ESPN and Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/10/guardians-strike-first-take-1-0-lead-in-alds-with-7-0-win-over-tigers.html 
 ----- 
