Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Soccer-Netherlands looking for both practice and goals against Gibraltar
FOOTBALL

Tuesday, 21 Nov 2023

2:44 AM MYT

Soccer Football - Euro 2024 Qualifier - Group B - Netherlands v Ireland - Johan Cruyff Arena, Amsterdam, Netherlands - November 18, 2023 Netherlands players pose for a team group photo before the match REUTERS/Piroschka Van De Wouw/File Photo

FARO, Portugal (Reuters) - The Netherlands will look to use their last Euro 2024 qualifier away against Gibraltar as a chance not only for goals but also for fringe players to stake a claim for a place in the squad at next year’s finals, coach Ronald Koeman said.

The Dutch secured their berth at next June’s tournament in Germany by beating Ireland 1-0 in Amsterdam on Saturday to secure second place in Group B and now complete their schedule in Faro, Portugal.

"I want to see some new guys in action," Koeman told a press conference on Monday, adding that despite the busy schedule of his top players no one was voluntarily giving up their spot. "They all want to have as many caps to their name as possible, so they are not happy if I don't field them."

The Dutch are up against a Gibraltar side reeling after a record 14-0 loss to France in Nice on Saturday and Koeman said his side would be looking for lots of goals, too.

"You have little to gain in a match like this. We see it as a preparation for the European Championship. Against this opponent you want to see intensity and many goals," Koeman added.

"I'm not really concerned with a record victory. I want to feel afterwards that we have done everything we can to score goals. It seems clear to me that the attacking game will have to be better than it was against Ireland."

Wout Weghorst scored early in Saturday's game against the Irish but despite plenty of possession and chances, the Dutch were unable to add more goals.

STARPICKS
Redefining work and life in the city

Koeman also let slip in the press conference that the Dutch have arranged a friendly against Germany next year but said it would be cancelled if the two sides were drawn in the same group for Euro 2024. The draw is in Hamburg on Dec. 2.

(Writing by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by Christian Radnedge)

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!
   
How useful is this article to you?

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in Sport

1

BADMINTON1d ago
Pearly and Thinaah fancy chances of breaking early- round jinx

2

FOOTBALL6h ago
Soccer-Napoli aim to leave rivals behind in Serie A title race

3

BADMINTON1d ago
Scratch the 60-year itch

4

BADMINTON1d ago
Back in his element

5

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
Zii Jia, Jun Hao drawn to play Chinese shuttlers in early rounds

6

BADMINTON1d ago
Boost for Tang Jie-Ee Wei ahead of Malaysian Open

7

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
No time for emotions as Bin Shen focuses on task at hand

8

BADMINTON1d ago
BAM to finalise Bin Shen’s replacement in two weeks

9

FOOTBALL7h ago
Soccer-Liverpool primed to heap more misery on beleaguered Manchester United

10

FOOTBALL5h ago
Soccer-Xuan Son double gives Vietnam upper hand in Asean Championship final
Others Also Read
TECHNOLOGY4h ago
Former crypto executive Do Kwon due in US court on criminal fraud charges
STARPLUS30 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
STARPICKS
Reinventing affordable luxury living
TECHNOLOGY5h ago
Apple to pay $95 million to settle Siri privacy lawsuit
THAILAND7h ago
Swedish-Korean man charged after high-speed chase in stolen vehicle
ASEANPLUS NEWS7h ago
River cruise firm gets six-month ban for fireworks despite Seoul request to...
ENTERTAINMENT7h ago
Local composer Lenny Ooi slams Singaporean singer Wang Lei for mocking...
THAILAND8h ago
Senior Thai police officer under scrutiny over training of Chinese volunteers
NATION8h ago
Puspakom submits Ayer Keroh crash report to Miros but says it is 'incomplete'
NATION8h ago
Man who trespassed into mosque was diagnosed with mental illness in 2022
ASEANPLUS NEWS8h ago
20 months’ pay in year-end bonus for staff at Taiwan shipping giant Evergreen
LIVING8h ago
What it's like to eat at Sorn, Thailand’s first 3 Michelin-starred restaurant
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2023/11/21/soccer-netherlands-looking-for-both-practice-and-goals-against-gibraltar 
 ----- 
