Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
European Qualifiers
Gibraltar vs Netherlands Prediction and Betting Tips | November 21st 2023
Gibraltar vs Netherlands Prediction and Betting Tips | November 21st 2023
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Nov 19, 2023 17:50 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Netherlands will face Gibraltar - UEFA EURO 2024 European Qualifiers

Gibraltar will face the Netherlands at the Estadio Algarve on Tuesday in the final round of the 2024 European Championship qualifiers.

Los Llanis have endured a wretched qualification campaign, with a marked inability to score goals further compounding their problems. They were victims of a 14-0 rout at the hands of group leaders France in their game on Saturday, conceding seven goals in either half as they recorded the biggest-ever Euro qualifier defeat.

The Netherlands, meanwhile, have enjoyed a largely solid European qualification campaign, wrapping up their qualification push with their latest result. They beat the Republic of Ireland 1-0 in their last game, with former Manchester United man Wout Weghorst scoring the sole goal of the game just 11 minutes after kickoff.

Trending

Oranje sit second in the Group B standings with 15 points from seven games. With qualification already in the bag, they will be looking to close out the international break on a winning note.

Gibraltar vs Netherlands Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Tuesday's game will mark the fourth meeting between the two Nations. The Netherlands have won the previous three matchups between the two teams by an aggregate scoreline of 16-0.
Five of Holland's seven-goal concessions in the qualifiers so far have come on foreign grounds.
Gibraltar are the only side in the Euro qualifiers so far yet to score a goal.
Oranje have kept clean sheets in their last two games after managing just one in their five games prior.
Los Llanis have the worst defensive record in the continental qualifiers so far with a goal concession tally of 35.
The Netherlands were ranked seventh in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 191 places above their midweek opponents.
Gibraltar vs Netherlands Prediction

Gibraltar are on an abysmal nine-game losing streak and have failed to score any goals in that period. They have not won a game of football on foreign grounds in over three years and will be desperate for a result here.

The Netherlands are on a run of back-to-back victories and have now won four of their last five games. They are overwhelming favorites for the midweek clash and should win this one fairly easily.

Prediction: Gibraltar 0-4 Netherlands

Gibraltar vs Netherlands Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Netherlands to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/Under 2.5 - Over 2.5 goals (Eight of the visitors' last 10 matches have produced more than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: NO (Both sides have found the back of the net in just one of the hosts' last 12 matches)

Quick Links

European Qualifiers Netherlands Gibraltar Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/gibraltar-vs-netherlands-prediction-betting-tips-november-21st-2023 
 ----- 
